<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1708331_0001731122-24-001812.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4737170</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189272</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>900166</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1503650</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>996191</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1049542</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-24-001812.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114170042
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-24-001812
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001708331
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				821510982
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40064
		FILM NUMBER:		241463974

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1055 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			BERWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19312
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-727-4597

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1055 WESTLAKES DRIVE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			BERWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19312

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Virpax Pharmaceuticals Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-24-001812.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 e6114_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

From the transition period from_____ to______ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Value Per Share 

The Capital Market 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No. 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files). 
 No. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes 
 No. 

There were shares of common stock, par value
 0.00001 of Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. issued and outstanding as of November 12, 2024. 

VIRPAX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 

 FOR THE FISCAL PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

INDEX 

Page No. 
 
 Part I 
 Financial Information 
 
 1 

Item 1: 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 5 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 6 
 
 Item 2: 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 25 
 
 Item 3: 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 43 
 
 Item 4: 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 43 

Part II 
 Other Information 
 
 44 

Item 1: 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 44 
 
 Item 1A: 
 Risk Factors 
 
 46 
 
 Item 2: 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 52 
 
 Item 3: 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 52 
 
 Item 4: 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 52 
 
 Item 5: 
 Other Information 
 
 52 
 
 Item 6: 
 Exhibits 
 
 53 

Signatures 
 
 54 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

VIRPAX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc 

RESULTS OF INTERIM FINANICAL INFORMATION 

We have reviewed the condensed consolidated balance sheet of Virpax
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company as of September 30, 2024, and the related condensed consolidated statements
of operations, changes in stockholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the interim financial information ). Based on our reviews, we are
not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the accompanying interim financial information for it to be in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2023,
and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders (deficit) equity, and cash flows for the year then ended (not
presented herein); and in our report dated October 4, 2024, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. In our
opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023, is fairly stated,
in all material respects, in relation to the balance sheet from which it has been derived. 

SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT ABOUT THE COMPANY S ABILITY TO CONTINUE
AS A GOING CONCERN 

Note 1 of the Company's audited consolidated financial statements
as of December 31, 2023, and for the year then ended, discloses that the Company incurred continuing losses and had obligations for significant
cash payments in the next year. Our auditor's report on those financial statements includes an explanatory paragraph referring to the
matters in Note 1 of those consolidated financial statements and indicates that these matters raised substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. As indicated in Note 1 of the Company's unaudited interim financial information as of September
30, 2024, and for the three and nine months then ended, the Company is still incurring continuing losses and has obligations for significant
cash payments in the next year. The accompanying interim financial information does not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

BASIS FOR REVIEW RESULTS 

This financial information is the responsibility of the Company's
management. We conducted our review in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. A review of interim financial information consists
principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is
substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the objective of which is the expression
of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. 

/s/ Bush Associates CPA LLC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. 

Henderson, Nevada 

 November 14, 2024 

1 

VIRPAX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(UNAUDITED) 

September 30, 2024 
 
 December 31, 2023 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Litigation liability 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders (deficit) equity 

Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total stockholders (deficit) equity 

() 

Total liabilities and stockholders (deficit) equity 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

2 

VIRPAX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 2024 
 
 2023 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative (net of insurance reimbursement of and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 - See Note 5) 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

() 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Other income 

Total other income (expense) 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Basic and diluted weighted average common stock outstanding 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

3 

VIRPAX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 
(UNAUDITED) 

Common stock 
 
 Additional paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Total stockholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 capital 
 
 deficit 
 
 equity (deficit) 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2023 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at March 31, 2023 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 

() 

Balance at January 1, 2024 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at March 31, 2024 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock issued pursuant to public offering, net 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2024 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 

() 

() 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

4 

VIRPAX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine 
Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Litigation liability 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from public offering 

Payments for issuance costs 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from insurance financing agreement 

Payments to insurance financing agreement 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

() 

() 
 
 Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash and non-cash transactions 

Cancellation of insurance financing agreement 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

5 

VIRPAX
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

million and 
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and had an accumulated deficit of 
million as of September 30, 2024. The Company anticipates incurring additional losses until such time, if ever, that it can generate
significant revenue from its product candidates currently in development. The Company s primary source of capital has been the
issuance of debt and equity securities. 

As noted in Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies,
the Company has paid million to Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. Sorrento ), and Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc. Scilex 
and together with Sorrento, the Plaintiffs pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement that the Company entered into
with the Plaintiffs on February 29, 2024 (the Settlement Agreement ). The Company will need to raise additional capital to
fund operations and, in addition, fund other required payments, if any, to its former Chief Executive Officer. Due to the Company s
continuing losses and cash position, there exists substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of assets, liabilities,
and reported expenses that may be necessary if the Company were unable to continue as a going concern. 

Substantial additional financing will be needed by
the Company to fund its operations, including litigation costs, and to complete clinical development of and to commercially develop all
of its product candidates. There is no assurance that such financing will be available when needed or on acceptable terms. The Company
also may be forced to curtail spending in research and development activities in order to conserve cash. If the Company does not obtain
financing, the Company may have to liquidate assets, initiate bankruptcy proceedings, or cease operations. 

Warrants 

likely of being realized upon ultimate finalization with the taxing authority. The Company recognizes the impact
of an uncertain income tax position in the financial statements if it believes that the position is more likely than not to be sustained
by the relevant taxing authority. The Company will recognize interest and penalties related to tax positions in income tax expense. As
of September 30, 2024, the Company had no uncertain income tax positions. 

Prepaid research and development 

Deferred financing costs 

Directors officer insurance refund 

Other prepaid expenses and current assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Estimated separation expense 

Research and development expenses 

Legal expenses 

Professional fees 

Other 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

In March 2023, the Company collected in
reimbursement of legal costs pursuant to the Company s directors and officers insurance policy, and recorded it as
a reduction of general and administrative expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. No further reimbursements are
permitted from the insurance policy with respect to the litigation. 

On September 1, 2023, the Chancery Court issued a
memorandum opinion addressing liability in the Action and found in favor of Plaintiffs on all but three counts, which the Court found
were waived. The Chancery Court found it proper to attribute Mr. Mack s knowledge and actions to the Company, which Mr. Mack used
to effectuate the tortious interference and breach of fiduciary duty. The Chancery Court found that Mr. Mack breached the Restrictive
Covenants Agreement he entered into with Sorrento by developing Epoladerm TM the Company is liable for tortious interference
with contract; Plaintiffs were deemed to have waived their claims for breach of Mr. Mack s Employment Agreement and for tortious
interference with prospective economic advantage; Mr. Mack breached his fiduciary duty of loyalty to Scilex; the Company aided and abetted
Mr. Mack s breach of fiduciary duty; and Mr. Mack misappropriated certain Scilex trade secrets. The Court, however, stated that
the question of an appropriate remedy must await further briefing. 

On October 18, 2023, in accordance with the Chancery
Court s supplemental briefing schedule, Plaintiffs filed their supplemental brief requesting the following relief: an injunction,
in the first instance, enjoining Mr. Mack from having any relationship with Virpax for a period of 18 months and 27 days; enjoining Virpax
from further developing or marketing Epoladerm for a period of 18 months and 27 days; alternatively, if these two injunction requests
were not granted, Plaintiffs requested a judgement of joint and several liability against Mr. Mack and Virpax of . In addition
to these requests for injunctive relief (or in, the alternative, damages), Plaintiffs sought a constructive trust over the revenues of
Epoladerm, Probudur TM and Envelta TM , or, in the alternative to a constructive trust, a royalty of per cent of
net sales of Epoladerm, - percent of net sales of Probudur and percent of net sales of Envelta. In addition to the requests for
injunctive relief, imposition of a constructive trust and/or royalties, Plaintiffs also requested additional damages, jointly and severally,
against Mr. Mack and Virpax as follows: million for misuse of Scilex resources, million for misappropriation of trade secrets,
 million for exemplary damage (trade secrets damage x2) and attorney s fees in an unspecified amount. Finally, Plaintiffs sought
injunctive relief, enjoining Mr. Mack and Virpax from further accessing Scilex s trade secrets; requiring Mr. Mack and Virpax to
return Scilex s trade secrets to Plaintiffs; and enjoining Mr. Mack and Virpax from marketing or selling any products derived from
or incorporating Scilex s trade secrets. 

On November 29, 2023, in accordance with the Chancery
Court s supplemental briefing schedule, Defendants filed their supplement brief on damages rebutting Plaintiffs damages analysis.
Throughout the brief, Defendants argued Plaintiffs failed to meet their burden to prove damages, and as such, should be precluded from
any damages award. However, given the Court s instruction, Defendants proffered a reasonable damages analysis as follows. As for
the injunctive relief requested against Mr. Mack, the Company took no position, as the request was directed to Mr. Mack personally. Concerning
Plaintiffs request for an injunction against further development of Epoladerm for a period of , Defendants
opposed this request, arguing lack of irreparable harm, given Plaintiffs request for money damages. Defendants also argued a constructive
trust is inappropriate, given Plaintiffs failed to articulate the parameters of such relief and, additionally, the lack of sales for the
drug candidates preclude such relief. In terms of the money damages related to the three drug candidates, Defendants proffered a reasonable
royalty rate of - of the net profits of the drug candidates, as opposed to lump sum damages, as such rate would alleviate the
speculative nature of the damages requested by Plaintiffs. As for the misappropriation of trade secrets request of million, given
the Court found only 5 of the proffered 1,182 documents were trade secrets, Defendants contend Plaintiffs should receive no monetary damages
(given the reasonable royalty would encompass use of these documents and, alternatively, Defendants would return such documents). However,
if the Court were to award damages, such damages should be pro rata for the documents, or roughly . And, finally, Defendants opposed
the request for attorneys fees and exemplary damages. 

On December 21, 2023, Plaintiffs filed their reply
brief on damages, generally reasserting their prior arguments on damages and rebutting Defendants arguments. Plaintiffs also asserted
they supported their damages claims with sufficient evidence. 

On February 29, 2024, the Plaintiffs and the Company
entered into a Settlement Agreement to fully resolve all claims by the Plaintiffs against the Company related to the Action ,
subject to the entry by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, which is handling the Sorrento bankruptcy
filing (the Bankruptcy Court ), of an order approving the Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Order ). On March
1, 2024, the Plaintiffs filed a motion to approve the Settlement Agreement and grant the related relief with the Bankruptcy Court. On
March 14, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Settlement Agreement and on March 20, 2024 the Plaintiffs filed a
Stipulation of Dismissal with the Chancery Court dismissing the Action. 

As settlement consideration, the Company agreed to
pay Sorrento and Scilex a total cash payment of million, of which million was paid two business days after the date that the Settlement
Order was entered by the Bankruptcy Court (the Effective Date ), which payment was made on March 18, 2024 and the remaining
 million was paid on July 8, 2024. Additionally, the Company agreed to pay to Plaintiffs royalties of of annual net sales of products
developed from drug candidates Epoladerm, Probudur and Envelta until the earlier of the expiration of the last-to-expire valid patent
claim of such product and the expiration of any period of regulatory exclusivity for such product. 

Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, each of the
Plaintiffs and the Company provided mutual releases of all claims as of the Effective Date, whether known or unknown, arising from any
allegations set forth in the Action. Plaintiffs release relates to claims against the Company only. Plaintiffs release as
to the Company was effective upon the Company s initial payment of million, and the Company s release of the Plaintiffs
was effective on the Effective Date. 

The Plaintiffs can still pursue claims against Mr.
Mack. The Company s Bylaws require the Company to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made
a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other
than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation,
or, while a director or officer of the Corporation. Such indemnification, however, is limited to circumstances where the covered
person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation . Mr. Mack may attempt to claim he is entitled to indemnification, should the Court find him liable for damages
in the Action. Given the findings in the Memorandum Opinion issued in the Action, the Company believes it has a strong position that Mr.
Mack would not be entitled to indemnification. There is a risk, however, that a Court could find he is entitled to such indemnification.
Additionally, per Section 7.6 of the Bylaws, the Company has been advancing Mr. Mack s attorneys fees and costs for the Action.
It is likely Mr. Mack will contend he is still entitled to advancement of any fees and/or costs for the Action going forward and may seek
judicial intervention. However, as per the Bylaws, Mr. Mack is only entitled to advancement of expenses for indemnifiable actions. As
noted above, given the Memorandum Opinion in the Action, the Company believes that it has a strong position that Mr. Mack is not entitled
to indemnification, and therefore, not entitled to advancement of expenses. However, there is a risk that a Court could find that Mr.
Mack is entitled to such advancement. Further, Mr. Mack may attempt to seek damages from the Company based on the Court s final
judgment on damages under the theory of joint and several liability and seek contribution from the Company for any monetary judgment. 

The Court is aware that Plaintiffs have settled with
the Company and that the Settlement Agreement fully releases the Company from any claims or damages, the Plaintiff has against the Company,
related to the Action. Given the Settlement Agreement does not release Mr. Mack from liability related to the Action, the Court has requested
supplemental briefing as to whether the Court can dismiss the Company from the lawsuit, as well as any claims Mr. Mack has against the
Company arising from the Action. While the Company believes that any damages assessed may be awarded against Mr. Mack alone, Plaintiffs
cannot seek additional damages from Virpax. However, there is a risk that Mr. Mack will still seek contribution from the Company
for any damages claim arising from the Action and, there is a risk that the Court will rule in Mr. Mack s favor. Any such amounts
for indemnification, contribution or other amounts awarded by the Court in Mr. Mack s favor could be significant. 

No further reimbursements are permitted from our insurance
policy with respect to the litigation. Accordingly, if Mr. Mack was successful in seeking indemnification from us, we would have to pay
such amounts in cash which would further reduce our cash position. 

As of December
31, 2023, the Company had accrued .0 million with respect to the litigation and paid .0 million during the nine months ended
September 30, 2024. 

Global Macroeconomic Environment 

The global macroeconomic environment could be negatively
affected by, among other things, resurgence of COVID-19 or other pandemics or epidemics, instability in global economic markets, increased
U.S. trade tariffs and trade disputes with other countries, instability in the global credit markets, supply chain weaknesses, instability
in the geopolitical environment as a result of the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, the Russian invasion of Ukraine,
the war in the Middle East, other political tensions, and foreign governmental debt concerns. Such challenges have caused, and may continue
to cause, uncertainty and instability in local economies and in global financial markets. As a result, the Company and its third party
CMOs, and CROs have in the past and may in the future face disruptions in procuring items that are essential to the Company s research
and development activities, including, for example, medical and laboratory supplies used in the Company s preclinical studies that
are sourced from abroad or for which there are shortages, or potential difficulties recruiting patients, and may cause delays and difficulties
with ongoing and planned preclinical and clinical trials. In addition, the licensor of Probudur that is conducting the development work
for Probudur is located in Israel and could be impacted by the current Middle East crisis which could disrupt the development of Probudur.
The extent to which the Company s financial condition, liquidity or results of operations are impacted is uncertain, and may negatively
impact the Company s results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity the remainder of 2024 and potentially beyond. 

Anthony Mack Resignation 

On November 15, 2023, the Company accepted the resignation
of Anthony P. Mack as Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chair of the Board of Directors (the Board of the
Company effective November 17, 2023. The resignation was not related to any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to its
operations, policies or practices. The Company was negotiating a separation agreement with Mr. Mack and has recorded estimated separation
compensation related to the separation agreement of which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses as of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. While the Company believes this estimated expense related to the separation agreement to be reasonably
possible, actual results may materially vary from these estimates. As part of the consideration for the separation agreement, Mr. Mack
will be expected to release, discharge and waive any rights to indemnification, and/or contribution related to the Action. The accrual
does not include any amounts that the Company may be required to pay for indemnification claims or contribution that he may seek against
the Company and such claims may be significant . 

, with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 there were preferred shares
issued or outstanding. 

Common Stock 

The Company s current Certificate of Incorporation
authorizes the issuance of common stock. The total number of shares which the Company is authorized to issue is , with a par
value of per share (the Common Stock ). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were 
and shares of Common Stock issued or outstanding, respectively. 

On February
29, 2024, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation for purposes
of effecting a reverse stock split (the Reverse Split of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock
such that, effective upon March 1, 2024, the day after the filing thereof, every 10 issued and outstanding shares of the Company s
Common Stock were subdivided and reclassified into one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable share of the Company s
Common Stock. 

All share and
per share amounts in the condensed consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented to give
effect to the Reverse Split, including reclassifying equal to the reduction in par value to additional paid-in capital. 

The Reverse
Split affected all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, as well as Common Stock underlying stock options and warrants outstanding
immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Reverse Split. 

On May 17, 2024 (the Closing Date ),
the Company consummated a public offering (the Offering of an aggregate of (i) shares (the Shares of Common Stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock Pre-Funded Warrants ), Series A-1
Common Stock purchase warrants Series A-1 Common Warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock Series
A-1 Warrant Shares ), and Series A-2 Common Stock purchase warrants Series A-2 Common Warrants and together with
the Series A-1 Common Warrants, the Common Warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock Series A-2
Warrant Shares and together with the Series A-1 Warrant Shares, the Common Warrant Shares ). Each Share and associated
Series A-1 Common Warrant and Series A-2 Common Warrant to purchase an aggregate of two (2) Common Warrant Shares was sold at a combined
public offering price of . Each Pre-Funded Warrant and associated Series A-1 Common Warrant and Series A-2 Common Warrant to purchase
an aggregate of two (2) Common Warrant Shares was sold at a combined public offering price of . 

The aggregate net proceeds from the Offering was approximately
 million, after deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses, which amounted to approximately . 

Warrants 

The following table sets forth activity with respect
to the Company s warrants to purchase common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

Grants
of warrants: 

Common 

Pre-funded 

Exercised
 (1) 

() 

Forfeited 

Outstanding
and Exercisable, at September 30, 

(1) 

In May 2024, the Company granted common warrants in
connection with the Offering, those warrants had a relative fair value of approximately million which was recorded to additional
paid-in capital at the time of issuance. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the
valuation assumptions for warrants issued were estimated on the measurement date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the
following weighted-average assumptions: 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

shares of the Company s Common Stock
for issuance under the 2022 Plan which was increased by shares of Common Stock to shares of Common Stock as of annual
meeting of shareholders held on July 29, 2024, subject to initially a annual increase which was increased to as of the annual meeting
of shareholders held on July 29, 2024 (similar to the 2017 Plan) pursuant to an evergreen provision in the 2022 Plan (discussed
further below). The Company believes that offering ownership interests in the Company is a key factor in retaining and recruiting employees,
officers, non-employee directors and other individual service providers, and aligning and increasing their interests in the Company s
success. 

The 2022 Plan (which is summarized below) is substantially
similar to the 2017 Plan, except for (i) the increase in shares of common stock reserved for issuance as discussed above, and (ii) the
elimination of annual limitations on grants of awards to eligible individuals and certain other provisions which had been included in
the 2017 Plan in order to satisfy (now repealed) provisions of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

The 2022 Plan, as amended on July 29, 2024 reserves
an aggregate of (i) shares of the Company s common stock for the issuance of awards under the 2022 Plan (all of which
may be granted as an Incentive Stock Option, or ISOs) plus (ii) an additional number of shares of common stock subject to outstanding
awards under the 2017 Plan that become forfeited or canceled without payment or which are surrendered in payment of the exercise price
and/or withholding taxes (collectively, the Share Limit ). Pursuant to the 2022 Plan s evergreen provision,
the Share Limit shall be cumulatively increased on January 1, 2023, and on each January 1 thereafter, by of the number of
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 or such lesser number of shares as determined
by the Board. The 2022 Plan increased by shares on January 1, 2024. 

In applying the aggregate share limitation under the
2022 Plan, shares of Common Stock (i) subject to awards that are forfeited, cancelled, returned to the Company for failure to satisfy
vesting requirements or otherwise forfeited, or terminated without payment being made thereunder and (ii) that are surrendered in
payment or partial payment of the exercise price of an option or stock appreciation right or taxes required to be withheld with respect
to the exercise of Stock Options or stock appreciation rights or in payment with respect to any other form of award are not counted and,
therefore, may be made subject to new awards under the 2022 Plan. There are shares available for future grant under the 2022 Plan
at September 30, 2024. 

Under the 2022 Plan, the Company may grant equity-based
awards to individuals who are employees, officers, directors, or consultants of the Company. Options issued under the 2022 Plan will generally
expire ten years from the date of grant and vest over a one-year to three-year period. 

Total stock-based compensation, consists of the following: 

Research and development expense 

() 

The fair value of option awards is estimated using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The exercise price of each award is generally not less than the per share fair value in effect
as of that award date. The determination of fair value using the Black-Scholes model is affected by the Company s share fair value
as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables, including expected price volatility, risk-free interest
rate and projected employee share option exercise behaviors. 

The Company estimates its expected volatility by using
a combination of historical share price volatilities of similar companies within its industry. The risk-free interest rate assumption
is based on observed interest rates for the appropriate term of the Company s options on a grant date. The expected option term
assumption is estimated using the simplified method and is based on the mid-point between vest date and the remaining contractual term
of the option, since the Company does not have sufficient exercise history to estimate expected term of its historical option awards.
Options granted under the 2022 Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were valued using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

The following is a summary of stock option activity
under the Company s stock option Plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

Forfeited 

Exercised 

Granted 

Options
 outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Options
 exercisable at September 30, 2024 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock
options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately
 of total time-based unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock options. These costs are expected to be recognized
over a weighted average period of years. 

License Agreement 

On June 6, 2017, as a result of the Company s
exercise of the MedPharm Option under the MedPharm Research and Option Agreement, the Company entered into a license agreement, as amended
on September 2, 2017 and October 31, 2017 (the MedPharm License Agreement ), with MedPharm for the exclusive global rights
to discover, develop, make, sell, market, and otherwise commercialize any pharmaceutical composition or preparation (in any and all dosage
forms) in final form containing one or more compounds, including Diclofenac Epolamine Epoladerm ), that was developed, manufactured
or commercialized utilizing MedPharm s spray formulation technology MedPharm Product ), to be used for any and all
uses in humans (including all diagnostic, therapeutic and preventative uses). Under the MedPharm License Agreement, the Company is required
to make future milestone and royalty payments to MedPharm. The Company is obligated to make aggregate milestone payments to MedPharm of
up to GBP million upon the achievement of specified development milestones (payable in Great British Pounds). Additional milestone
payments are due upon the achievement of certain development and commercial milestones achieved outside the United States, payable on
a country-by-country basis. Royalty payments must be paid to MedPharm in an amount equal to a single-digit percentage of net sales of
all MedPharm Product sold by the Company during the royalty term in the territory. Royalties shall be payable, on a country-by-country
basis, during the period of time commencing on the first commercial sale and ending upon the expiration of the last-to-expire patent claim
on the licensed product, which is set to expire on December 4, 2028. Each party has the right to terminate the agreement in its entirety
upon written notice to the other party if such other party is in material breach of the agreement and has not cured such breach within
ninety (90) days after notice from the terminating party indicating the nature of such breach. 

LipoCureRx, Ltd. 

On March 19, 2018, the Company entered into a license
and sublicense agreement (the Lipocure Agreement with LipocureRx, Ltd., a company organized and existing under the laws
of Israel Lipocure ), for the sole and exclusive global license and sub-license rights to discover, develop, make, sell,
market, and otherwise commercialize bupivacaine liposome, in injectable gel or suspension Licensed Compound or any pharmaceutical
composition or preparation (in any and all dosage forms) in final form, including any combination product, containing a Licensed Compound Licensed Product ), including Probudur. Under the Lipocure Agreement, the Company was required to pay an upfront fee upon
signing of and is required to make future milestone and royalty payments to Lipocure. The Company is obligated to make aggregate
milestone payments of up to million upon the achievement of specified development and commercial milestones. Lipocure met the development
milestone of in the third quarter of 2023 for successfully completing a formulation for the Licensed Product. The Company paid
 in the third quarter of 2023 and paid the balance in the fourth quarter of 2023. Royalty payments must be paid in an amount equal
to a single digit to low double-digit percentage of annual net sales of royalty qualifying products, subject to certain adjustments. Royalties
shall be payable during the period of time, on a country-by-country basis, commencing on the first commercial sale and ending upon the
expiration of the last-to-expire patent claim on the licensed product, which is set to expire on July 24, 2030. Each party has the right
to terminate the agreement in its entirety upon written notice to the other party if such other party is in material breach of the agreement
and has not cured such breach within ninety days after notice from the terminating party indicating the nature of such breach. 

Nanomerics Ltd. 

Nanomerics Collaboration Agreement 

On April 11, 2019, the Company entered into an exclusive
collaboration and license agreement, as amended (the Nanomerics Collaboration Agreement ), with Nanomerics Ltd., a company
organized and existing under the laws of United Kingdom Nanomerics ), for the exclusive world-wide license to develop and
commercialize products, including Envelta, which contain hydrophilic neuropeptide Leucin5-Enkephalin and an amphiphile compound which
is quaternary ammonium palmitoyl glycol chitosan, to engage in a collaborative program utilizing Nanomerics knowledge, skills and
expertise in the clinical development of products and to attract external funding for such development. The Nanomerics Collaboration Agreement
was also amended to include a program for the pre-clinical development of a product for post-traumatic stress disorder PTSD ). 

Under the Nanomerics Collaboration Agreement, the
Company is required to make royalty payments equal to a single digit percentage of annual net sales of royalty qualifying products. The
Company is also required to make aggregate milestone payments of up to million upon the achievement of specified development and
commercial milestones, and sublicense fees for any sublicense relationships it enters into subsequent to the Nanomerics Collaboration
Agreement. The Company s obligation to pay royalties, on a country-by-country basis, shall commence on the date of first commercial
sale of its licensed products and shall expire with respect to each separate licensed product, on the latest to occur of (a) the tenth
(10th) anniversary of the first commercial sale of the first licensed product; (b) the expiration date of the last to expire of any valid
claim (patent is set to expire on November 3, 2034); and, (c) the date upon which a generic product has been on the market for a period
of no fewer than ninety (90) days. The Company has the right to terminate the agreement upon 180 days prior written notice to Nanomerics.
Upon termination, the Company shall assign to Nanomerics all its right title and interest in all results other than results specific to
(a) the Device (as defined in the Nanomerics Collaboration Agreement), including its manufacture or use; and (b) the Technology, but excluding
any clinical Results relating to the Compound or Licensed Products (all terms as defined in the Nanomerics Collaboration Agreement). 

Nanomerics License Agreement (AnQlar 

On August 7, 2020, the Company entered into a collaboration
and license agreement with Nanomerics (the Nanomerics License Agreement for the exclusive North American license to develop
and commercialize a High-Density Molecular Masking Spray (AnQlar) as an anti-viral barrier to prevent or reduce the risk or the intensity
of viral infections in humans. Under the Nanomerics License Agreement, the Company was required to make royalty payments and milestone
payments upon the achievement of specified development and commercial milestones, and sublicense fees for any sublicense relationships
we enter into subsequent to the Nanomerics License Agreement (any patent that issues from the currently filed provisional patent application
would expire on August 24, 2041). 

On March 9, 2022, the Company entered into an Amended
and Restated Collaboration and License Agreement with Nanomerics (the Amended Nanomerics License Agreement which amended
and restated the August 7, 2020, Nanomerics License Agreement and expanded the Company s North American rights for AnQlar to include
exclusive global rights to develop and commercialize AnQlar as a viral barrier to prevent or reduce the risk or the intensity of viral
infections. The Amended Nanomerics License Agreement provides for payments up to million upon the achievement of specified development
milestones and profit share payments equal to between to of certain profits (as set forth in the Amended Nanomerics License Agreement),
payable to Nanomerics upon the achievement of specified commercial milestones. The profit share payments are triggered upon determination
by the FDA that AnQlar may be marketed as an Over-the-Counter product in the United States. In the event the profit share payments are
not triggered as defined above, the Company would be obligated to pay royalties within a range of to of annual net sales of royalty
qualifying products and commercial milestones on a worldwide basis amounting to aggregate milestone payments of up to million upon
the achievement of these commercial milestones. The Amended Nanomerics License Agreement also provides for additional aggregate milestone
payments totaling upon first receipt of regulatory approval for a licensed product in the European Union, Asia/Pacific region
and South America/Middle East region. The Company s obligation to pay royalties, on a country-by-country basis, shall commence on
the date of first commercial sale of its licensed products and shall expire with respect to each separate licensed product, on the latest
to occur of (a) the tenth (10th) anniversary of the first commercial sale of the first licensed product; (b) the expiration date of the
last to expire of any valid claim; and, (c) the date upon which a generic product has been on the market for a period of no fewer than
ninety (90) days. The Company has the right to terminate the Nanomerics License Agreement upon sixty (60) days prior written notice
to Nanomerics. Upon termination, the Company shall assign to Nanomerics all its rights, title and interest in all of its results. Nanomerics
has the right to terminate the agreement upon sixty (60) days prior written notice. In consideration for entering into this Amended
Nanomerics License Agreement, the Company paid Nanomerics a nonrefundable fee of in March 2022. 

Nanomerics License Agreement (NobrXiol ,
formerly VRP324) 

On September 17, 2021, we
entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Nanomerics (the Nanomerics License Agreement - NobrXiol for the
exclusive worldwide license to develop and commercialize an investigational formulation delivered via the nasal route to enhance pharmaceutical-grade
cannabidiol CBD transport to the brain to potentially treat seizures associated with, Lennox-Gastaut syndrome and Dravet
syndrome in patients two years of age and older. Under the Nanomerics License Agreement NobrXiol, we are required to make royalty
payments within a range of to of annual net sales of royalty qualifying products. Our obligation to pay royalties, on a country-by-country
basis, shall commence on the date of first commercial sale of licensed products (as defined in the Nanomerics License Agreement 
NobrXiol) and shall expire with respect to each separate licensed product, on the latest to occur of (a) the fifteen (15th) anniversary
of the first commercial sale of the first licensed product; (b) the expiration date of the last to expire of any valid claim; and, (c)
the date upon which a generic product has been on the market for a period of no fewer than ninety (90) days. We paid an upfront milestone
payment upon signing of and are required to make future milestone and royalty payments of up to 41 million upon the achievement
of specified development and commercial milestones, and sublicense fees for any sublicense relationships we enter into subsequent to the
Nanomerics License Agreement NobrXiol (any patent that issues from the currently filed PCT patent application would expire on
September 9, 2043). We have the right to terminate the Nanomerics License Agreement NobrXiol upon one hundred and eighty (180)
days prior written notice to Nanomerics. Upon termination, we shall assign to Nanomerics all its rights, title and interest in
all of its results. Nanomerics has the right to terminate the agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice if we conclude
in writing to Nanomerics that the study aim has not been achieved or we notify Nanomerics that we have decided against proceeding with
a Phase 3 Clinical trial. 

On April 21, 2022, the Company notified Nanomerics
that the study aim of demonstrating the ability of Nanomerics platform technology delivering CBD to the brain via nasal administration
in an animal model was met. Pursuant to the Nanomerics License Agreement - NobrXiol, the Company paid and incurred a milestone payment
of upon meeting this study aim in April 2022. 

Research Agreements 

Yissum 

On January 31, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement
for Rendering of Research Services with Yissum Research Development Company of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem Ltd Yissum for optimization of the Liposomal Bupivacaine formulation (Probudur) and to increase stability for manufacturing purposes. In consideration
for the research services, the Company agreed to pay research service fees of in four equal quarterly installments per
calendar quarter). 

On January 1, 2024, the Company entered into an Agreement
for Rendering of Research Services with Yissum for additional work on formulation, method development, animal studies and patent related
work. In consideration for the research services, the Company will pay research service fees of in four equal quarterly installments.
The Company may terminate the agreement at any time and will only be responsible to pay Yissum for work performed through the date of
termination. 

The Company incurred and in research
and development expenses, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 associated with these Yissum agreements. The
Company incurred and in research and development expenses respectively for the nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023 associated with these Yissum agreements. 

Lipocure 

On February 1, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement
for Rendering of Research Services with Lipocure for optimization of the Liposomal Bupivacaine formulation, manufacture of pre-clinical
batches including batches for stability testing, animal studies, toxicology, and patent related work. In consideration for the research
services, the Company agreed to pay research service fees of in four equal quarterly installments per calendar quarter),
as well as reasonable pass-through expenses. 

On March 27, 2024, the Company entered into an Agreement
for Rendering of Research Services (the January 2024 Lipocure Research Agreement with Lipocure for optimization of the
Liposomal Bupivacaine formulation, manufacture of pre-clinical and GMP batches including method development, stability testing, animal
studies and toxicology work. In consideration for the research services, the Company will pay research service fees of in twelve
equal installments, as well as pass-through expenses for manufacturing site and GMP lab modification and preparation for GMP manufacturing.
The Company may terminate the agreement at any time upon 30 days written notice and shall be only responsible to pay Lipocure for work
performed through the date of such notice and any non-cancellable contract cost. 

The Company incurred and in research
and development expenses, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 associated with these Lipocure agreements.
The Company incurred and in research and development expenses, respectively, for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 associated with these Lipocure agreements. 

NCATS-NIH Cooperative Research and Development
Agreement 

On August 25, 2020, the Company entered into a Cooperative
Research and Development Agreement CRADA with the National Center for Advancing Translational Science NCATS ).
This collaboration is for the continued development of the Company s product candidate, Envelta, an intranasal peptide, to control
severe pain, including post cancer pain. The term of the CRADA is for a period of four years from May 6, 2020 (the effective date of the
agreement) and can be terminated by both parties at any time by mutual written consent, an extension is currently being negotiated. In
addition, either party may unilaterally terminate the CRADA at any time by providing written notice of at least sixty (60) days before
the desired termination date. The agreement provides for studies that are focused on the pre-clinical characterization of Envelta as a
novel analgesic to control severe pain, including post cancer pain, and for studies to further develop Envelta through IND enabling studies.
There are certain development Go/No Go provisions within the agreement whereby, if certain events occur, or do not occur,
NCATS may terminate the CRADA. These No GO provisions include: i) lack of efficacy in all animal pain models, ii) no reliable
and sensitive bioanalytical method can be developed, iii) manufacturing failure due to inherent process scalability issues, iv) unacceptable
toxicity or safety profile to enable clinical dosing, and v) inability to manufacture the Envelta dosage form. As of August 8, 2024 the
Company has not received any Go/No Go notifications from NCATS. 

With respect to NCATS rights to any invention made
solely by an NCATS employee(s) or made jointly by an NCATS employee(s) and the Company s employee(s), the CRADA grants to the Company
an exclusive option to elect an exclusive or nonexclusive commercialization license. For inventions owned solely by NCATS or jointly by
NCATS and the Company, and licensed pursuant to the Company s option, the Company must grant to NCATS a nonexclusive, nontransferable,
irrevocable, paid-up license to practice the invention or have the invention practiced throughout the world by or on behalf of the United
States government. For inventions made solely by an employee of the Company, it grants to the United States government a nonexclusive,
nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up license to practice the invention or have the invention practiced throughout the world by or on
behalf of the United States government for research or other government purposes. 

U.S Army Institute of Surgical Research 

On April 28, 2022, the Company entered into a CRADA
with the U.S. Army Institute of Surgical Research (USAISR) to evaluate Probudur as a potential novel analgesic for battlefield injury-induced
pain solution. The research project will evaluate the analgesic effectiveness and physiologic effects of Probudur. The initial term of
this agreement was to expire on September 30, 2023 unless it was revised by mutual written agreement. The CRADA was modified and signed
on October 10, 2023, and extended the terms of the agreement until September 2024. No funding is being provided by either party to the
other party under the agreement. Each party is responsible for funding its own work performed and other activities undertaken for the
research project under this agreement. The parties may elect to terminate this agreement, or portions thereof, at any time by mutual consent.
Either party may unilaterally terminate this entire agreement at any time by giving the other party written notice, not less than thirty
(30) days prior to the desired termination date. 

million (the Secured Note for million (the Subscription Amount ). This transaction is referred to as
the Financing. The Company used the proceeds from the Financing to finance the satisfaction of its liabilities with respect
to the litigation captioned Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. and Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc. v. Anthony Mack and Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
as noted in Note 5. 

The Secured Note bore interest at the rate of 
per annum with the principal and accrued interest due in full on December 31, 2025. In order to secure the Company s obligations
under the Secured Note, the Company entered into a Security Agreement, dated July 5, 2024 (the Security Agreement ), granting
the Investor a security interest in substantially all of the Company s personal property and assets, including its intellectual
property. The Secured Note contained customary events of default. If an event of default occurs, the Investor may accelerate the
indebtedness under the Secured Note, in an amount equal to of the outstanding principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest
plus liquidated damages and other amounts, costs, expenses and/or liquidated damages due under or in respect of the Secured Note,
if any. The Secured Note was repaid in full on July 25, 2024, which released the investor s security interest in substantially all
of the Company s personal property and assets, including its intellectual property. The Company incurred approximately million
of issuance costs, unamortized issuance costs were written off and recorded in interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements
of operation during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

The Purchase Agreement provides that it was a condition
of the closing of the Financing that not less than five of the current members of the Company s Board of Directors resign and that
four nominees designated by the Investor be appointed to the Board of Directors. As a result, effective as of the closing of the Financing,
(i) each of Barbara Ruskin, Jerrold Sendrow, Jeffrey Gudin, Thani Jambulingam and Michael F. Dubin resigned as directors of the Company,
and (ii) the Company s Board of Directors appointed Judy Su as a Class I Director, Jatinder Dhaliwal and Katharyn Field as Class
II directors, and Gary Herman as a Class III director of the Company. 

The Purchase Agreement also provides that the Company
and Investor will negotiate in good faith in order to agree upon and consummate an equity or debt financing (a Subsequent Financing of not less than .0 million as soon as practicable after the closing date of the Financing and that (i) the Investor shall have the
exclusive right to negotiate the terms of and consummate any Subsequent Financing until September 30, 2024 on terms no less favorable
than a third party would offer; and (ii) in any event, the Investor shall have a right of refusal with respect to any Subsequent Financing
that may be consummated by any third-party on or before September 30, 2024. In the event that a Subsequent Financing of at least .0
million is not provided by Investor (and/or its Affiliate(s) and/or third-party other designee(s)) on or before September
30, 2024, then the Investor nominated Board members shall resign from the Company s Board of Directors effective immediately. 

On September 30, 2024, the Company entered into an
extension agreement (the Extension Agreement with the Investor pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Extension Agreement,
the Investor agreed to amend certain provisions of the Purchase Agreement related to a potential financing arrangement of not less than
 million. Under the Extension Agreement, the Investor retains the exclusive right to negotiate the terms of and consummate any Subsequent
Financing until November 30, 2024 (the Outside Date ). Additionally, the Investor holds a right of first refusal for any
Subsequent Financing that may occur on or before the Outside Date. If a financing arrangement of not less than million is not provided
by the Investor (or its affiliate(s) and/or third-party designee(s)) by the Outside Date, the Investor s nominated members on the
Company s Board of Directors will resign, effective immediately. 

The Outside Date may be extended by up to thirty (30)
days at the Company s sole discretion, subject to approval by the Board, if the Company requires additional time to complete the
re-audit of its financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2023. 

shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ),
and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants at an offering
price of per Share, less per Pre-Funded Warrant, for aggregate gross proceeds of assuming the full exercise
of the Pre-Funded Warrants, and before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses. As part of its compensation for
acting as Placement Agent for the Offering, the Company paid the Placement Agent a cash fee of 2.5 of the aggregate gross proceeds, in
addition to 1.0 of the gross proceeds for non-accountable expenses, and reimbursed the Placement Agent for other expenses incurred by
the Placement Agent, including legal fees. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Offering to fund development activities
for commencing a clinical trial for Probudur , the Company s formulation injected at a wound site to provide pain relief,
 to IR Agency LLC (the Consultant for marketing and advertising services, as well as other general corporate
purposes. 

 On November 12, 2024, the Company
entered into an investor relations agreement (the IR Agreement with the Consultant. Under the IR Agreement, the Consultant
will provide marketing and advertising services to promote the Company to the financial community. In consideration for these services,
the Company will pay the Consultant a fee, for an initial term of one month, after which it may be extended by mutual agreement, of two
million U.S. Dollars ), payable in cash. Either party may terminate the IR Agreement at any time by providing written notice. 

 The Offering closed on November 14, 2024, with the Pre-Funded Warrants issued
on November 15, 2024. The securities sold in the Offering were offered and sold pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1
(File No. 333-281080), which was initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on July 29,
2024, and amended on August 13, 2024, October 18, 2024, October 28, 2024, and November 7, 2024, and declared effective by the Commission
on November 12, 2024. 

24 

ITEM 2: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and the related notes and the other financial
information included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Quarterly Report ). This discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, particularly those
under Risk Factors and those identified under Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2023. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements
made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 under Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations,
assumptions, estimates, intentions and future performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which
may be beyond our control, and which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of
historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through our
use of words such as may, can, anticipate, assume, should, indicate, 
 would, believe, contemplate, expect, seek, estimate, 
 continue, plan, point to, project, predict, could, 
 intend, target, potential and other similar words and expressions of the future. 

There are a number of important factors that could
cause the actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us. These factors include,
but are not limited to: 

our lack of operating history; 

the expectation that we will incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future and will need significant additional capital; 

the requirement to fund the ultimate resolution of any potential litigation with our former Chief Executive Officer (See Risk Factors and Legal Proceedings); 

our current and future capital requirements to support our development and commercialization efforts for our product candidates and our ability to satisfy our capital needs; 

our ability to raise additional capital; 

our dependence on our product candidates, which are still in preclinical or early stages of clinical development; 

our, or that of our third-party manufacturers, ability to manufacture current good manufacturing practice cGMP quantities of our product candidates as required for preclinical and clinical trials and, subsequently, our ability to manufacture commercial quantities of our product candidates; 

25 

our ability to complete required clinical trials for our product candidates and obtain approval from the US Food and Drug Administration FDA or other regulatory agencies in different jurisdictions; 

our lack of a sales and marketing organization and our ability to commercialize our product candidates if we obtain regulatory approval; 

our dependence on third parties to manufacture our product candidates; 

our reliance on third-party contract research organizations CROs to conduct our clinical trials; 

our ability to maintain or protect the validity of our intellectual property; 

our ability to internally develop new inventions and intellectual property; 

interpretations of current laws and the passages of future laws; 

acceptance of our business model by investors; 

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses and capital requirements; and 

our ability to maintain our Nasdaq listing; and 

our ability to adequately support organizational and business growth. 

The foregoing does not represent an exhaustive list
of matters that may be covered by the forward-looking statements contained herein or risk factors that we are faced with that may cause
our actual results to differ from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements. Please see Risk Factors for additional
risks which could adversely impact our business and financial performance. 

All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified
in their entirety by this cautionary notice. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date of this report, or the date of the document incorporated by reference into this report. We have no obligation, and
expressly disclaim any obligation, to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. We have expressed our expectations, beliefs and projections in good faith and we believe they have a reasonable
basis. However, we cannot assure you that our expectations, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or accomplished. 

Overview 

Company Overview 

We are a preclinical-stage pharmaceutical company
focused on developing novel and proprietary drug delivery systems across various pain indications in order to enhance compliance and optimize
each product candidate in our pipeline. Our drug-delivery systems and drug-releasing technologies being developed are focused on advancing
non-opioid and non-addictive pain management treatments and treatments for central nervous system CNS disorders to enhance
patients quality of life. 

26 

We have exclusive global rights to the following proprietary
patented technologies: (i) Molecular Envelope Technology MET that uses an intranasal device to deliver enkephalin to control
severe pain, including post cancer pain (Envelta) and PTSD, (ii) Injectable local anesthetic Liposomal Technology for postoperative
pain management (Probudur), and (iii) Investigational formulation delivered via the nasal route to enhance pharmaceutical-grade cannabidiol CBD transport to the brain NobrXiol , formerly VRP324) to potentially treat seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut
syndrome and Dravet syndrome in patients two years of age and older. We are also exploring value creative opportunities for our two nonprescription
product candidates: AnQlar, which is being developed as a 24 hour prophylactic viral barrier to inhibit viral infection by influenza or
SARS-CoV-2, and Epoladerm, which is a topical diclofenac epolamine metered dosed spray film formulation being developed to manage pain
associated with osteoarthritis. 

Probudur 

Probudur, our lead product candidate, uses a unique
liposomal delivery platform that incorporates large multi-lamellar vesicles LMLVs to encapsulate high doses of bupivacaine.
Early preclinical animal studies produced data that demonstrated that Probudur provided significantly improved onset and duration of analgesic
effect as compared to a similar product on the market. The animal studies were conducted by infiltrating the surgical/wound site with
Probudur. Probudur s prolonged effectiveness is due to the formulation s ability to keep the local anesthetic at the surgical/wound
site for an extended period of time (at least 96 hours). Four nonclinical trials were conducted using three animal models. 

We plan to market Probudur to general surgeons, anesthesiologists,
and orthopedic surgeons within the 35 billion postoperative pain management market. Based on head-to-head preclinical studies compared
to an approved liposomal bupivacaine formulation, if used appropriately, we believe Probudur has the potential to eliminate or significantly
reduce the need to prescribe opioids for postoperative pain relief. As a result of our pre-IND meeting, the FDA has indicated that it
is reasonable for us to pursue a 505(b)(2) NDA for Probudur. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in securing regulatory
approval under the 505(b)(2) pathway or that we will be successful in mitigating risks associated with the clinical development of this
product candidate. The development of the Probudur formulation was successfully completed in the third quarter of 2023. On July 29, 2024,
a U.S. provisional application was filed under the application number 63/676,540 for Liposomal Analgesic Formulation, Method of
Preparation and uses thereof . IND enabling studies are in process. The FDA minutes indicated that we are to initiate our clinical
studies in targeted patient populations following the completion of our nonclinical toxicity studies. We anticipate commencing clinical
trials in the first quarter of 2025; however, we may need to adjust this timeline if Lipocure, a company based in Israel, becomes unable
to continue development work due to the war in the Middle East. 

Yissum Research Agreements 

On January 31, 2023, we entered into an Agreement
for Rendering of Research Services with Yissum Research Development Company of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem Ltd Yissum for optimization of the Liposomal Bupivacaine formulation and to increase stability for manufacturing purposes. In consideration for the
research services, we agreed to pay aggregate research service fees of 326,000 in four equal quarterly installments 81,500 per calendar
quarter). 

On January 1, 2024, we entered into an Agreement for
Rendering of Research Services with Yissum for additional work on formulation, method development, animal studies and patent related work.
In consideration for the research services, we will pay research service fees of 343,467 in four equal quarterly installments. We may
terminate the agreement at any time and will only be responsible to pay Yissum for work performed through the date of termination. 

We incurred 85,867 and 81,500 in research and development
expenses, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 associated with these Yissum agreements. We incurred 257,600
and 244,500 research and development expenses respectively for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 associated with these
Yissum agreements. 

27 

Lipocure Research Agreements 

On February 1, 2023, we entered into an Agreement
for Rendering of Research Services with Lipocure RX, Ltd Lipocure for optimization of the Liposomal Bupivacaine formulation,
manufacture of pre-clinical batches including batches for stability testing, animal studies, toxicology, and patent related work. In consideration
for the research services, we agreed to pay research service fees of 1,286,000 in four equal quarterly installments 321,500 per calendar
quarter), as well as reasonable pass-through expenses. 

On March 27, 2024, we entered into an Agreement for
Rendering of Research Services (the January 2024 Lipocure Research Agreement with Lipocure for optimization of the Liposomal
Bupivacaine formulation, manufacture of pre-clinical and GMP batches including method development, stability testing, animal studies and
toxicology work. In consideration for the research services, we will pay research service fees of 1,845,260 in twelve equal installments,
as well as pass-through expenses for manufacturing site and GMP lab modification and preparation for GMP manufacturing. We may terminate
the agreement at any time upon 30 days written notice and shall be only responsible to pay Lipocure for work performed through the date
of such notice and any non-cancellable contract cost. 

We incurred 487,200 and 488,000 in research and
development expenses associated with these agreements for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We incurred
 1,902,700 and 1,130,000 in research and development expenses associated with these agreements for the nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Envelta 

We believe Envelta may provide prescribers, regulators,
and patients alternative non-addictive treatment options to control severe pain, including post cancer pain and potentially manage symptoms
related to PTSD. We plan to utilize these delivery technologies to selectively develop a portfolio of patented NCE candidates for commercialization.
Four planned in vitro studies were successfully completed as well as the in vivo acute efficacy studies. 

In February 2022, we completed a 14-day intranasal
dose range finding toxicity study of Envelta in rats with a 14-day recovery period which showed no adverse related findings in hematology,
coagulation and serum chemistry data, with no treatment related toxicology findings or mortality noted. A 14-day intranasal dose range
finding toxicity study of Envelta in dogs with a 14-day recovery period was also conducted and showed no adverse toxicologic findings.
The preclinical studies under the CRADA are expected to continue over the next nine months. We anticipate commencing clinicals trial in
first half of 2025. 

NobrXiol 

NobrXiol is being developed by Nanomerics Ltd., a
company organized and existing under the laws of the United Kingdom Nanomerics ). Nanomerics as an investigational formulation
delivered via the nasal route that uses MET as its delivery system to enhance Cannabidiol CBD transport to the brain.
CBD acts on CB receptors of the endocannabinoid system in the brain, which regulates neuronal excitability response relevant to the pathophysiology
of epilepsy. NobrXiol uses a proprietary preassembled delivery device that holds single use cartridges that are sealed in inert gas and
pressurized for easy activation that can be self-administered. Activation of the cartridge propels the CBD powder formulation into the
nose and to the brain via the olfactory nerve/bulb. This product candidate will be formulated to potentially treat seizures associated
with Lennox-Gastaut and Dravet syndromes in patients two years of age and older. Lennox-Gastaut syndrome and Dravet syndrome are rare
central nervous system diseases considered serious epileptic encephalopathies that cause different types of epileptic seizures as well
as cognitive and behavioral changes and are generally resistant to treatment. The FDA previously granted Orphan Drug Designation for another
drug for the treatment of the same diseases. Therefore, NobrXiol may also be able to receive Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment
of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome LGS and Dravet syndrome DS in pediatric patients. NobrXiol has many potential competitive advantages including
fast onset of action, reduced peripheral side effects, no liver first-pass metabolism, avoidance of drug to drug interactions, no gastrointestinal
interaction, and the potential to eliminate enzymatic deactivation. On September 17, 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license
agreement with Nanomerics (the Nanomerics License Agreement - NobrXiol for the exclusive worldwide license to develop and
commercialize the product candidate. We plan to target our marketing and selling efforts to healthcare practitioners specializing in epilepsy
within the 16.5 billion market for managing epilepsy in pediatrics and adults. We have engaged Destum Partners to search for a Global
Animal Healthcare sublicensing partner. 

28 

On April 21, 2022, we notified Nanomerics that the
study aim of demonstrating the ability of Nanomerics platform technology delivering CBD to the brain via nasal administration in an animal
model was met. Pursuant to the Nanomerics License Agreement - NobrXiol, we paid a milestone payment of 500,000 upon meeting this study
aim in April 2022. We submitted the pre-IND Briefing Book with the FDA in October 2022 and received comments back from the FDA in December
2022. Upon our review of the FDA minutes, we now believe we have the appropriate guidance from the FDA to move forward with our overall
development plan for this new product candidate and the ability to identify any need for further data prior to submitting the IND. Our
current plan is to utilize potential grant awards to fund the development of NobrXiol through to an IND filing while we focus our cash
resources on more immediate needs with regard to our lead product candidates. In April, 2023, we entered into a participant agreement
with the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke NINDS ), a part of NIH, to supply our product candidate
compounds to the NINDS s Epilepsy Therapy Screening Program ETSP ). NINDS ETSP will test our compounds in epilepsy
animal models to determine whether our compounds have activity against resistant epilepsy and related disorders. 

Epoladerm 

We believe the Topical Spray Film Delivery Technology,
which we refer to as Epoladerm, could provide a pathway for additional proprietary spray formulations with strong adhesion and accessibility
properties upon application, especially around active joints and contoured body surfaces to manage pain associated with osteoarthritis.
Osteoarthritis, which we believe to be a significant global market opportunity for us, is a painful condition that results in reduced
physical function and quality of life and increased risk of all-cause mortality. A recent large meta-analysis on pharmacologic treatments
for knee and hip osteoarthritis indicated that topical diclofenac had the largest effect on pain and physical function with a better safety
profile than oral diclofenac. Based on this meta-analysis it was recommended that topical diclofenac should be considered as a first-line
pharmacological treatment for knee osteoarthritis. Pursuant to a Research and Option Agreement with MedPharm Limited (the MedPharm
Research and Option Agreement ), MedPharm will conduct certain research and development activities of proprietary formulations incorporating
certain MedPharm technologies and certain of our proprietary molecules. Under the agreement, we were granted an option to obtain an exclusive,
world-wide, sub-licensable, royalty bearing, irrevocable license to research, develop, market, use, commercialize, and sell any product
utilizing MedPharm s spray formulation technology. 

As a result of our pre-investigational new drug IND meeting, we believe it is reasonable for us to pursue a 505(b)(2) or OTC accelerated new drug application NDA for Epoladerm.
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in securing regulatory approval or mitigating risks associated with the clinical
development of this product candidate. 

We made the determination to delay our First-in-Human
study investigating Epoladerm for pain associated with chronic osteoarthritis due to: (i) a delay in procuring the active pharmaceutical
ingredient necessary for the drug product candidate, (ii) delays related to supply chain disruptions, and (iii) an extensive review of
the formulation and potential degradants resulting in MedPharm exploring alternatives to mitigate the formation of the potential degradant.
This additional formulation work and permeation testing may enable the patent coverage of this asset to be extended until at least 2044
and provide an Over the Counter OTC pathway. MedPharm has completed the formulation work and permeation testing in the
first half of 2024.We are seeking to license out or partner this asset as we continue to focus our efforts on our prescription drug pipeline. 

AnQlar 

AnQlar is a high-density molecular masking spray we
plan to develop as a viral barrier to potentially reduce the risk or the intensity of respiratory viral infections in humans. We intend
for this formulation to be delivered using a metered dose nasal spray to propel the high-density molecular formulation into the nose and
potentially prevent viral binding to epithelial cells in the nasal cavity and the upper respiratory tract, potentially reducing respiratory
related infections. 

29 

We submitted and received a written pre-investigational
new drug pre-IND meeting response from the FDA for AnQlar. In its pre-IND response, the FDA provided guidance on our pathway
to pursue prophylactic treatment against SARS-CoV-2 and influenza for daily use as an Over the Counter OTC product. We
believe the results of the pre-IND response support further research on AnQlar as a once daily intranasal prophylactic treatment of viral
infections. The FDA has indicated that, upon successful completion of all necessary preclinical and clinical trials, we may pursue an
NDA drug approval with the Office of Non-Prescription Drugs. 

We engaged a previous Deputy Director of the Division
of Antivirals (DAV), Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER), Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to assist with the design of the
optimal clinical trial to facilitate an efficient regulatory and development timeline for AnQlar. We also entered into a commercial manufacturing
and supply agreement with Seqens, an integrated global leader in pharmaceutical solutions with 24 manufacturing sites worldwide and seven
research and development facilities throughout the U.S. and Europe. The agreement with Seqens provides for both the supply material for
our clinical studies as well as the long-term commercial supply of AnQlar. 

We conducted an initial review of the results from
a preclinical virology study conducted by one of our CROs where we were evaluating the viral barrier properties of AnQlar versus
two variants of the SARS CoV-2 virus. This review conducted by our external consultants indicates that the test article (AnQlar) supports
the proposed mechanism of action for a prophylactic viral barrier product candidate. 

We are seeking to license out or partner this asset
as we continue to focus our efforts on our prescription drug pipeline. 

We continue to seek opportunities to exploit our product
portfolio through licensing and other strategic transactions to further develop our drug product candidates. This includes seeking potential
partners in further developing our drug product candidates. 

Recent Developments 

New Management 

On October 6, 2024, the Board
appointed Jatinder Dhaliwal, a current member of the Board, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective immediately. Mr. Dhaliwal
will continue to serve as a member of the Board, and Katharyn Field will replace him on the Board s Audit Committee. Mr. Dhaliwal
will also serve as the Principal Financial Officer of the Company. 

On October 5, 2024, Gerald
Bruce, the former Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Vinay Shah, the former Chief Financial Officer of the Company, notified
the Company of their resignations from their respective positions, effective immediately. Also, on September 16, 2024, Vanila Singh, MD,
a member of the Board, notified the Company of her intention to resign from the Board, effective immediately, and on September 20, 2024,
Eric Floyd, Chairman of the Board, notified the Company of his intention to resign from the Board, effective immediately . 

Litigation 

On February 29, 2024, we
entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release (the Settlement Agreement with Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. and Scilex
Pharmaceuticals Inc. Scilex and together with Sorrento, the Plaintiffs to fully resolve all issues related
to the litigation with Plaintiffs captioned Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. and Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc. v. Anthony Mack and
Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc ., Case No. 2021-0210-PAF (the Action ), subject to the entry by the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the Southern District of Texas, which is handling the Sorrento bankruptcy filing (the Bankruptcy Court ), of an
order approving the Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Order ). On March 1, 2024, the Plaintiffs filed a motion to approve
the Settlement Agreement and grant the related relief with the Bankruptcy Court. On March 14, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order
approving the Settlement Agreement and on March 20, 2024 the Plaintiffs filed a Stipulation of Dismissal with the Chancery Court dismissing
the Action. See Part II Item 1 Legal Proceedings for additional information regarding the litigation with the
Plaintiffs. 

30 

As settlement consideration,
we agreed to pay Sorrento and Scilex a total cash payment of 6 million, of which 3.5 million was paid two business days after the date
that the Settlement Order was entered by the Bankruptcy Court, which payment was made on March 18, 2024, and the remaining 2.5 million
was paid as of July 8, 2024. Additionally, we agreed to pay to Plaintiffs royalties of 6 of annual net sales of products developed from
drug candidates Epoladerm, Probudur and Envelta until the earlier of the expiration of the last-to-expire valid patent claim of such product
and the expiration of any period of regulatory exclusivity for such product. 

Pursuant to the Settlement
Agreement, each of the Plaintiffs and we provided mutual releases of all claims as of the Effective Date, whether known or unknown, arising
from any allegations set forth in the Action. Plaintiffs release relates to claims against us only. Plaintiffs release as
to us was effective upon our initial payment of 3.5 million, and our release of the Plaintiffs was effective on the Effective Date. 

The Plaintiffs can still
pursue claims against Mr. Mack. Our bylaws require us to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made
a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other
than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation,
or, while a director or officer of the Corporation . Such indemnification, however, is limited to circumstances where the
covered person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the Corporation . Mr. Mack may attempt to claim he is entitled to indemnification, should the Chancery Court find him
liable for damages in the Action. Given the findings in the Memorandum Opinion issued in the Action, we believe we have a strong position
that Mr. Mack would not be entitled to indemnification. There is a risk, however, that a court could find he is entitled to such indemnification.
Additionally, per Section 7.6 of the bylaws, we had been advancing Mr. Mack s attorneys fees and costs for the Action. It
is likely Mr. Mack will contend he is still entitled to advancement of any fees and/or costs for the Action going forward and may seek
judicial intervention. However, as per the bylaws, Mr. Mack is only entitled to advancement of expenses for indemnifiable actions. As
noted above, given the Memorandum Opinion in the Action, we believe that we have a strong position that Mr. Mack is not entitled to indemnification,
and therefore, not entitled to advancement of expenses. However, there is a risk that a court could find that Mr. Mack is entitled to
such advancement. Further, Mr. Mack may attempt to seek damages from us based on the Chancery Court s final judgment on damages
under the theory of joint and several liability and/or seek contribution from us for any monetary judgment. 

The Chancery Court is aware
that Plaintiffs have settled with us and that the Settlement Agreement fully releases us from any claims or damages the Plaintiff has
against us, related to the Action. Given the Settlement Agreement does not release Mr. Mack from liability related to the Action, the
Chancery Court has requested supplemental briefing as to whether the Chancery Court can dismiss us from the lawsuit, as well as any claims
Mr. Mack has against us arising from the Action. While we believe that any damages assessed may be awarded against Mr. Mack alone, Plaintiffs
cannot seek additional damages from us. However, there is a risk that Mr. Mack will still seek contribution from us for any damages claim
arising from the Action and, there is a risk that the Chancery Court will rule in Mr. Mack s favor. Any such amounts for indemnification,
contribution or other amounts awarded by the Chancery Court in Mr. Mack s favor could be significant. 

No further reimbursements
are permitted from our insurance policy with respect to the litigation. Accordingly, if Mr. Mack were to successfully seek indemnification
from us, we would have to pay such amounts in cash which would further reduce our cash position. 

Employment Dispute 

On September 3, 2024, we
received a letter from Kagen, Caspersen Bogart PLLC, legal counsel to Gerald Bruce, our former Chief Executive Officer, and Vinay
Shah, our former Chief Financial Officer, regarding their employment agreements with the Company. In the letter, they alleged that the
Company had violated their employment agreements by reducing their contractual base compensation by 50 , and claim that, as a result,
the executives may resign for good reason after the 30-day cure period and be entitled to severance compensation. The Company disagrees
with their interpretation of the employment agreements and considers its actions to be consistent with the terms of the agreements. Accordingly,
the Company denies the allegations and intends to vigorously defend the matter. On October 5, 2024, Gerald Bruce, our former Chief Executive
Officer and member of the Board, and Vinay Shah, our former Chief Financial Officer, notified the Company of their resignation from their
respective positions, effective immediately. 

31 

Nasdaq Compliance 

Stockholders Equity.
 On April 2, 2024, we received a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying us that our stockholders equity as reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023
(the Annual Report ), did not meet the minimum stockholders equity requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) requires companies listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market to maintain stockholders 
equity of at least 2,500,000 (the Minimum Stockholders Equity Rule ). In the Annual Report, we reported stockholders 
equity of 1,934,321, which is below the minimum stockholders equity required for continued listing pursuant to Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(b)(1). Additionally, as of the date of this prospectus, we do not meet the alternative Nasdaq continued listing standards under
Nasdaq Listing Rules. In our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, we reported stockholders 
deficit of 2.1 million. 

Pursuant to Nasdaq s
Listing Rules, we were given 45 calendar days (or until May 17, 2024), to submit a plan to evidence compliance with the Minimum Stockholders 
Equity Rule (a Compliance Plan ). We submitted a Compliance Plan within the required time period, which included raising
funds in public offerings. On July 29, 2024, we received notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff of The
Nasdaq that we were granted an extension through September 30, 2024 to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1). On October
3, 2024, we received a delist determination letter from the Staff advising the Company that the Staff had determined that the Company
did not meet the terms of the extension. As a result, we requested an appeal of the Staff s determination. We submitted a hearing
request to the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ), which request is expected to stay any delisting action by the Staff at
least until the hearing process concludes and any extension granted by the Panel expires. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be
no assurance that the Panel will grant the Company s request or an additional extension period, or that the Company will ultimately
regain compliance with all applicable requirements for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Minimum Bid Price.
 On June 28, 2024, we received written notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying us that for the preceding
30 consecutive business days (May 15, 2024 through June 27, 2024), the Company s Common Stock did not maintain a minimum closing
bid price of 1.00 Minimum Bid Price Rule per share as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

In accordance with Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were given a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until December 26, 2024, to regain compliance with
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

On July 22, 2024, the Company
received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company that the staff has determined that for 10
consecutive business days, from July 8, 2024 to July 19, 2024, the closing bid price of the Company s Common Stock had been at 1.00
per share or greater. Accordingly, the staff had determined that the Company had regained compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

On October 4, 2024, the Company
received a deficiency letter from the Staff of Nasdaq notifying the Company that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the closing
bid price for the Company s common stock had been below the minimum 1.00 per share required for continued listing on Nasdaq pursuant
to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). The Nasdaq deficiency letter has no immediate effect on the listing of the Company s common stock,
and our common stock will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol VRPX . 

In accordance with
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has been given 180 calendar days, or until April 2, 2025, to regain compliance with the
Minimum Bid Price Rule. If at any time before April 2, 2025, the bid price of the Company s common stock closes at 1.00 per share
or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, the Staff will provide written confirmation that the Company has achieved compliance. 

If the Company does not regain
compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Rule by April 2, 2025, the Company may be afforded a second 180 calendar days period to regain.
The Company would be required to notify Nasdaq of its intent to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period. If the Company
does not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Rule by the end of the compliance period (or the second compliance period, if applicable),
the Company s common stock will become subject to delisting. In the event that the Company receives notice that its common stock
is being delisted, the Nasdaq listing rules permit the Company to appeal a delisting determination by the Staff to a hearings panel. 

32 

The Company intends to monitor
the closing bid price of its common stock and may, if appropriate, consider available options to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid
Price Rule, including initiating a reverse stock split. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain compliance
with the Minimum Bid Price Rule or will otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

Financings 

May 2024 Public Offering 

On May 17, 2024, we consummated
a public offering of an aggregate of (i) 937,034 shares (the Shares of Common Stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase up
to 729,633 shares of Common Stock May 2024 Pre-Funded Warrants ), Series A-1 Common Stock purchase warrants Series
A-1 Common Warrants to purchase up to 1,666,667 shares of Common Stock Series A-1 Warrant Shares ), and Series A-2
Common Stock purchase warrants Series A-2 Common Warrants and together with the Series A-1 Common Warrants, the Common
Warrants to purchase up to 1,666,667 shares of Common Stock Series A-2 Warrant Shares and together with the Series
A-1 Warrant Shares, the Common Warrant Shares ). Each Share and associated Series A-1 Common Warrant and Series A-2 Common
Warrant to purchase an aggregate of two (2) Common Warrant Shares was sold at a combined public offering price of 1.35. Each Pre-Funded
Warrant and associated Series A-1 Common Warrant and Series A-2 Common Warrant to purchase one Common Warrant Share was sold at a combined
public offering price of 1.34999. 

The aggregate gross proceeds
from the Offering was approximately 2.25 million, before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses. 

Each May 2024 Pre-Funded
Warrant were immediately exercisable for one (1) share of Common Stock (the May 2024 Pre-Funded Warrant Shares at an exercise
price of 0.00001 per share and will remain exercisable until the May 2024 Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. Each Series A-1
Common Warrant has an exercise price of 1.35 per share, is immediately exercisable for one (1) share of Common Stock, and expires five
(5) years from its issuance date. Each Series A-2 Common Warrant has an exercise price of 1.35 per share, is immediately exercisable
for one (1) share of Common Stock, and expires eighteen (18) months from its initial issuance date. All May 2024 Pre-Funded Warrants were
exercised in full and as of July 25, 2024 an aggregate of 2,049,683 Common Warrants have been exercised resulting in 1,152,817 Series
A-1 Common Warrants and 130,834 Series A-2 Common Warrants remaining outstanding. 

The exercise price of the
Common Warrants and number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise will adjust in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions,
stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events. 

The Common Warrants may be
exercised on a cashless basis if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for, the issuance of the Common Warrant Shares to the holder. 

A holder of the Common Warrants
(together with its affiliates) may not exercise any portion of the Common Warrant or Pre-Funded Warrant to the extent that the holder
would own more than 4.99 (or 9.99 , at the election of the holder) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately after exercise,
except that upon at least 61 days prior notice from the holder to the Company, the holder may increase the amount of beneficial
ownership of outstanding shares after exercising the holder s Common Warrants up to 9.99 of the number of the Company s shares
of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise. 

The Shares, the Common Warrants,
the Common Warrant Shares, the May 2024 Pre-Funded Warrants and the May 2024 Pre-Funded Warrant Shares were offered and sold by us pursuant
to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-278796), filed by us with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act that became effective on May 14,
2024. 

33 

July 2024 Private Placement 

On July 5, 2024, we entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated July 5, 2024 (the Purchase Agreement ), with an institutional investor (the Investor pursuant
to which, on July 5, 2024, we issued to the Investor a senior secured promissory note in the principal amount of 2.5 million (the Secured
Note for 2.5 million (the Subscription Amount ). This transaction is referred to as the Financing. 
We used the proceeds from the Financing to finance the satisfaction of our liabilities with respect to the litigation captioned Sorrento
Therapeutics, Inc. and Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc. v. Anthony Mack and Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Case No. 2021-0210-PAF). 

The Secured Note bore interest at the rate of 18 
per annum with the principal and accrued interest due in full on December 31, 2025. In order to secure our obligations under the Secured
Note, we entered into a Security Agreement, dated July 5, 2024 (the Security Agreement ), granting the Investor a security
interest in substantially all of the Company s personal property and assets, including its intellectual property. The Secured Note contained
customary events of default. If an event of default occurs, the Investor may accelerate the indebtedness under the Secured Note,
in an amount equal to 110 of the outstanding principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest plus liquidated damages and other
amounts, costs, expenses and/or liquidated damages due under or in respect of the Secured Note, if any. The Secured Note was repaid in
full on July 25, 2024. 

The Purchase Agreement provides that it was a condition
of the closing of the Financing that not less than five of the current members of our Board of Directors resign and that four nominees
designated by the Investor be appointed to the Board of Directors. As a result, effective as of the closing of the Financing, (i) each
of Barbara Ruskin, Jerrold Sendrow, Jeffrey Gudin, Thani Jambulingam and Michael F. Dubin resigned as directors of the Company, and (ii)
the Company s Board of Directors appointed Judy Su as a Class I Director, Jatinder Dhaliwal and Katharyn Field as Class II directors,
and Gary Herman as a Class III directors. 

The Purchase Agreement also provides that we and the
Investor will negotiate in good faith in order to agree upon and consummate an equity or debt financing of not less than 5.0 million
as soon as practicable after the closing date of the Financing and that (i) the Investor shall have the exclusive right to negotiate the
terms of and consummate any Subsequent Financing until September 30, 2024 on terms no less favorable than a third party would offer; and
(ii) in any event, the Investor shall have a right of refusal with respect to any Subsequent Financing that may be consummated by any
third-party on or before September 30, 2024. In the event that a Subsequent Financing of at least 5.0 million is not provided
by Investor (and/or its Affiliate(s) and/or third-party other designee(s)) on or before September 30, 2024, then the Investor nominated
Board members shall resign from our Board of Directors effective immediately. 

On September 30, 2024, we
entered into an extension agreement with the Investor pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant to the terms of
the Extension Agreement, the Investor agreed to amend certain provisions of the Purchase Agreement related to a potential financing arrangement
of not less than 5 million. Under the Extension Agreement, the Investor retains the exclusive right to negotiate the terms of and consummate
any Subsequent Financing until November 30, 2024. Additionally, the Investor holds a right of first refusal for any Subsequent Financing
that may occur on or before the Outside Date. If a financing arrangement of not less than 5 million is not provided by the Investor (or
its affiliate(s) and/or third-party designee(s)) by the Outside Date, the Investor s nominated members on the Company s Board
of Directors will resign, effective immediately. 

The Outside Date may be extended
by up to thirty (30) days at the Company s sole discretion, subject to approval by the Board, if the Company requires additional
time to complete the re-audit of its financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2023. 

34 

November 2024 Public Offering 

On November 12, 2024, we entered
into the Placement Agency Agreement with the Placement Agent, and the Purchase Agreement with investors pursuant to which we agreed
to issue and sell, in a reasonable best efforts public offering (i) 3,200,000 shares of our common stock,
par value 0.00001 per share, and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 6,800,000 shares of Common Stock an offering price of 0.50
per Share, less 0.00001 per Pre-Funded Warrant, for aggregate gross proceeds of 5,000,000 assuming the full exercise of the Pre-Funded
Warrants, and before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses. As part of its compensation for acting as Placement
Agent for the Offering, we paid the Placement Agent a cash fee of 2.5 of the aggregate gross proceeds, in addition to 1.0 of the gross
proceeds for non-accountable expenses, and reimbursed the Placement Agent for other expenses incurred by the Placement Agent, including
legal fees. We intend to use the proceeds of the Offering to fund development activities for commencing a clinical trial for
 Probudur , our formulation injected at a wound site to provide pain relief, 2,000,000 to IR Agency LLC for marketing and advertising
services, as well as other general corporate purposes. 

 On November 12, 2024, we entered
into an investor relations agreement with IR Agency LLC. Under the IR Agreement, the Consultant will provide marketing and advertising
services to promote the Company to the financial community. In consideration for these services, we will pay the Consultant a fee, for
an initial term of one month, after which it may be extended by mutual agreement, of two million U.S. Dollars 2,000,000), payable in
cash. Either party may terminate the IR Agreement at any time by providing written notice. 

 The Offering closed on November 14, 2024, with the Pre-Funded Warrants issued
on November 15, 2024. The securities sold in the Offering were offered and sold pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1
(File No. 333-281080), which was initially filed with the Commission on July 29, 2024, and amended on August 13, 2024, October 18, 2024,
October 28, 2024, and November 7, 2024, and declared effective by the Commission on November 12, 2024. 

Exercise of Common Warrants 

From July 11, 2024 to July 18, 2024, we
issued an aggregate of 2,049,683 shares of our common stock to investors who exercised 513,850 Series A-1 common warrants and 1,535,833
Series A-2 common warrants previously issued by us. In connection with such exercises, we received gross proceeds of approximately 2.8
million. 

Annual Meeting of Stockholders 

On July 29, 2024, we held
our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders at which our stockholders voted to (i) elect Eric Floyd and Gary Herman as Class III directors
(ii) approve the appointment of Eisner Amper, LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31,
2024; (iii) approve an amendment to our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock available for grant
under the Plan by 267,799 shares to 500,000 shares and to increase the evergreen provision percentage by which the number
of reserved shares of Common Stock available for issuance increases each year from 2 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock at December 31
to 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock at December 31. 

Elimination of Directors
and Officers Insurance 

As part of recent cost-cutting
measures, we have eliminated our directors and officers D O insurance coverage. This decision was made in an effort
to preserve capital and manage our financial resources more effectively. Without D O insurance, our directors and officers will not
have insurance protection in the event of legal claims made against them in their capacities as executives of the Company. In such circumstances,
the Company may be required to indemnify its directors and officers under applicable law and agreements, which could result in a significant
financial burden. The absence of D O insurance may also impact our ability to retain and attract qualified individuals to serve as
directors and officers of the Company. 

35 

Discontinuation of Out-Licensing
Agreements 

In July 2024, we submitted
a plan to Nasdaq that included the pursuit of out-licensing agreements for certain of our product candidates. However, as part of our
efforts to reduce expenditures, we have elected to discontinue our pursuit of any out-licensing agreements at this time. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

We have based our management s discussion and
analysis of financial condition and results of operations on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates
and judgments, including those related to clinical development expenses and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other factors that we believe to be appropriate under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

While our significant accounting policies are more
fully discussed in Note 2 to our audited financial statements contained within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2023, we believe that the following accounting policies are critical to the process of making significant judgments and estimates in the
preparation of our financial statements. 

Research and Development R D Expenses 

We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical
studies and to provide services, including data management, statistical analysis and electronic compilation. Once our clinical trials
begin, at the end of each reporting period, we will compare the payments made to each service provider to the estimated progress towards
completion of the related project. Factors that we will consider in preparing these estimates include the number of patients enrolled
in studies, milestones achieved, and other criteria related to the efforts of our vendors. These estimates will be subject to change as
additional information becomes available. Depending on the timing of payments to vendors and estimated services provided, we will record
net prepaid or accrued expenses related to these costs. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant
date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting
period. Our policy permits the valuation of stock-based awards granted to non-employees to be measured at fair value at the grant date
rather than on an accelerated attribution basis over the vesting period. 

Determining the appropriate fair value of share-based
awards requires the use of subjective assumptions, including the excepted life of the option and expected share price volatility. We use
the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value our option awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based awards
represent management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. As
a result, if factors change and management uses different assumptions, share-based compensation expense could be materially different
for future awards. See Note 7 to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

36 

Legal and Other Contingencies 

The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought
against us and other loss contingencies are subject to significant uncertainty. We accrue a charge against income when our management
determines that it is probable that an asset has been impaired, or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably
estimated. In determining the appropriate accounting for loss contingencies, we consider the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset
or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss. We regularly evaluate current information
available to us to determine whether an accrual should be established or adjusted. Estimating the probability that a loss will occur and
estimating the amount of a loss, or a range of loss involves significant judgment. As noted in Note 5 Commitments and Contingencies, we
have accrued an estimated 711,000 for payments to be made to our former Chief Executive Officer
with respect to his separation from employment with us. While the Company believes this estimated expense related to the separation
agreement to be reasonably possible, actual results may materially vary from these estimates. As part of the consideration for the separation
agreement, Mr. Mack will be expected to release, discharge and waive any rights to indemnification, and/or contribution related to the
Action. The accrual does not include any amounts that we may be required to pay for indemnification
claims or contribution that he may seek against us and such claims may be significant. 

Results of Operations 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Operating expenses: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 
 Change 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 Dollars 
 
 Percentage 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

780,958 

4,619,519 

(3,838,561) 

(83) 
 
 Research and development 

1,143,396 

1,495,619 

(352,223) 

(24) 
 
 Total operating expenses 

1,924,354 

6,115,138 

(4,190,784) 

(69) 

General and administrative expenses decreased by 3.8
million, or 83 , to 0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 4.6 million for the three months ended September
30, 2023. The primary reason for the decrease in general and administrative costs was mainly due to the litigation liability and legal
expenses recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2023 related to the lawsuit which was settled in early 2024, compared to minimal
legal expenses that were recorded in the three months ended September 30, 2024 along with higher salary expense recorded for the three
months ended September 30, 2023 related to bonus accrual, which was not incurred in the same period in 2024, and reduced stock option
and Directors and Officers insurance expense. 

Research and development expenses decreased by 0.4
million, or 24 , to 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 1.5 million for the three months ended September
30, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to 0.1 million related to Probudur preclinical activities, which is our lead asset,
along with a decrease in AnQlar of 0.3 million from the shift in our research focus on our lead asset, Probudur. 

37 

The following table presents R D expenses tracked
on a program-by-program basis for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 Program expenses: 

Envelta 

73,041 

17,182 

Probudur 

1,047,961 

1,165,949 

Epoladerm 

830 

6,194 

AnQlar 

2,488 

257,299 

NobrXiol 

12,606 

Total program expenses 

1,136,926 

1,446,624 

Unallocated expenses: 

Stock based compensation 

6,470 

48,995 

Total other research and development expense 

6,470 

48,995 

Total research and development expenses 

1,143,396 

1,495,619 

Other income (expense): 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 
 Change 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 Dollars 
 
 Percentage 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

(92,748) 

(92,748) 

(100) 
 
 Other income 

10,646 

120,640 

(109,994) 

(91) 
 
 Total other income (expense): 

(82,102) 

120,640 

(202,742) 

(168) 

Other income (expense) decreased by 0.2 million primarily
due to interest income declining due to lower cash balances and increased interest expense associated with the secured note issuance and
early payoff. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Operating expenses: 

Nine months Ended September 30, 
 
 Change 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 Dollars 
 
 Percentage 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

3,972,428 

6,983,670 

(3,011,242) 

(43) 
 
 Research and development 

4,712,765 

4,022,020 

690,745 

17 

Total operating expenses 

8,685,193 

11,005,690 

(2,320,497) 

(21) 

General and administrative expenses decreased by 3.0
million, or 43 , to 4.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 7.0 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2023. The primary reason for the decrease in general and administrative costs was mainly due to the litigation liability and legal expenses
recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to the lawsuit which was settled in early 2024, compared to minimal legal
expenses that were recorded in the three months ended September 30, 2024 along with higher salary expense recorded for the nine months
ended September 30, 2023 related to bonus accrual, which was not incurred in the same period in 2024, and reduced stock option and Directors
and Officers insurance expense. Along with a reimbursement of legal defense costs of 1.25 million during the three months ended March
31, 2023 pursuant to our Directors and Officers insurance policy, which offset general and administrative expenses. 

38 

Research and development expenses increased by 0.7
million, or 17 , to 4.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 4.0 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2023. The increase was primarily attributable to 2.0 million related to Probudur preclinical activities, which is our lead asset. This
was partially offset by a decrease in AnQlar, Epoloderm and NobrXiol preclinical activities, including credits for cancellation of prior
AnQlar contracts and reduced stock compensation expense. 

The following table presents R D expenses tracked
on a program-by-program basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 Program expenses: 

Envelta 

215,213 

182,617 

Probudur 

4,277,052 

2,263,230 

Epoladerm 

124,437 

538,984 

AnQlar 

(53,207) 

696,975 

NobrXiol 

88,392 

198,115 

Total program expenses 

4,651,887 

3,879,921 

Unallocated expenses: 

Stock based compensation 

60,878 

142,099 

Total other research and development expense 

60,878 

142,099 

Total research and development expenses 

4,712,765 

4,022,020 

Other income (expense): 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 
 Change 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 Dollars 
 
 Percentage 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

(103,750) 

(103,750) 

(100) 
 
 Other income 

111,806 

377,891 

(156,090) 

(70) 
 
 Total other income: 

8,056 

377,891 

(369,835) 

(98) 

Other income (expense) decreased by 0.4 million primarily
due to interest income declining due to lower cash balances and increased interest expense associated with the secured note issuance and
early payoff. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Capital Resources 

Change 

September 30, 2024 
 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Dollars 
 
 Percentage 
 
 Current assets 

304,162 

9,628,345 

(9,324,183) 

(97) 
 
 Current liabilities 

2,355,774 

7,694,024 

(5,338,250) 

(69) 
 
 Working (deficit) capital 

(2,051,612) 

1,934,321 

(3,985,933) 

(206) 

39 

As of September 30, 2024, our principal source of liquidity was our cash,
which totaled approximately 17,000. As of November 14, 2024, our cash position totaled approximately
 2.5 million and will not be sufficient to sustain operations through the first quarter of 2025. On March 18, 2024, we paid 3.5
million to the Plaintiffs pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement and we paid an additional 2.5 million to the Plaintiffs as
of July 8, 2024. In July 2024, we issued an aggregate of 2,049,683 shares of our common stock to
investors who exercised warrants previously issued by us. In connection with such exercise, we received gross proceeds of approximately
 2.8 million. On July 25, 2024, we prepaid in full all amounts owed under the Secured Note that we issued to an investor on July 5, 2024.
The total payment amount, including principal and accrued interest, was approximately 2.5 million. We need to raise additional
capital to fund operations. We accrued 0.7 million for estimated payments to be made to our former
Chief Executive Officer with respect to his separation from employment with us, which does not include accrual for any potential indemnification
or contribution claims that he may seek from us that are related to the Action, which may be significant. 

We have not generated revenues and have not yet achieved
profitable operations, nor have we ever generated positive cash flow from operations. There is no assurance that profitable operations,
if achieved, could be sustained on a continuing basis. We are subject to those risks associated with any preclinical stage pharmaceutical
company that has substantial expenditures for research and development. There can be no assurance that our research and development projects
will be successful, that products developed will obtain necessary regulatory approval, or that any approved product will be commercially
viable. 

To continue to grow our business
over the longer term, we plan to commit substantial resources to research and development, pre-clinical and clinical trials of our product
candidates, other operations and potential product acquisitions and in-licensing. 

Cash Flows 

Nine months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

The following table summarizes our cash flows from
operating activities: 

For the Nine months 
Ended September 30, 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 Statement of cash flow data: 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(13,842,213) 

(6,842,291) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

4,717,930 

Net change in cash 

(9,124,283) 

(6,842,291) 

Operating Activities 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash
used in operations was 13.8 million compared to 6.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash used
in operations was primarily the result of the payment of 6.0 million related to the legal settlement in March of 2024. 

Financing Activities 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash
provided by financing activities was 4.7 million, this was mainly due to a public offering where we sold securities for net proceeds
of 1.8 million, the exercise of warrants for proceeds of 2.8 million and an insurance financing agreement we entered into during the
first quarter of 2024, which was cancelled during the third quarter of 2024. 

40 

Future Capital Requirements 

It is difficult to predict our spending for our product
candidates prior to obtaining FDA approval. We currently estimate that we will require at least a total of approximately 7.5 million
for the completion of planned development for commencing a clinical trial for Probudur and other expenditures that we will need to incur
in order to develop our other product candidates, our ongoing operations, and potential cash separation payments to our former Chief
Executive Officer. Moreover, changing circumstances may cause us to expend cash significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and
we may need to spend more cash than currently expected because of circumstances beyond our control. Notwithstanding the difficulty in
predicting and/or estimating our spending, we need to raise substantial capital in order to sustain operations as well as continuing to
develop our products. 

We have no current understandings, agreements or commitments
for any material acquisitions or licenses of any products, businesses or technologies. We will need to raise substantial additional capital
in order to engage in any of these types of transactions. 

We expect to continue to incur substantial additional
operating losses for at least the next several years as we continue to develop our product candidates and seek marketing approval and,
subject to obtaining such approval, the eventual commercialization of our product candidates. If we obtain marketing approval for our
product candidates, we will incur significant sales, marketing and outsourced manufacturing expenses. In addition, we expect to incur
additional expenses to add operational, financial and information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our planned product
commercialization efforts. We also expect to continue to incur significant costs to comply with corporate governance, internal controls
and similar requirements applicable to us as a public company. 

Our future use of operating cash and capital requirements
will depend on many forward-looking factors, including the following: 

the final release from
 the litigation as well as the ultimate resolution of any potential litigation with our former Chief Executive Officer (See Legal
 and Other Contingencies and Liquidity and Capital Resources above); 

initiation,
 progress, timing, costs and results of clinical trials for our product candidates; 

the clinical development
 plans we establish for each product candidate; 

the number and characteristics
 of product candidates that we develop or may in-license; 

the terms of any collaboration
 agreements we may choose to execute; 

the outcome, timing and
 cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, the FDA, the European Medicines
 Agency or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

the cost of filing, prosecuting,
 defending and enforcing our patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 

the cost of defending intellectual
 property disputes, including patent infringement actions brought by third parties against us; 

costs and timing of the
 implementation of commercial scale manufacturing activities; and 

the cost of establishing,
 or outsourcing, sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities for any product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval
 in regions where we choose to commercialize our products on our own. 

41 

Our capital resources are currently insufficient to
meet our future operating and capital requirements, and therefore we must finance our cash needs through public or private equity offerings,
debt financings, collaboration and licensing arrangements or other financing alternatives. We have no committed external sources of funds.
Additional equity or debt financing or collaboration and licensing arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities,
our stockholders will experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, would result in increased fixed payment obligations and may involve
agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making
capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Any debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms, such as liquidation
and other preferences that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing
arrangements with third parties, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or product
candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. 

Liquidity 

Since inception, we have been engaged in organizational
activities, including raising capital and research and development activities. We have not generated revenues and have not yet achieved
profitable operations, nor have we ever generated positive cash flow from operations. There is no assurance that profitable operations,
if achieved, could be sustained on a continuing basis. We are subject to those risks associated with any preclinical stage pharmaceutical
company that has substantial expenditures for research and development. There can be no assurance that our research and development projects
will be successful, that products developed will obtain necessary regulatory approval, or that any approved product will be commercially
viable. In addition, we operate in an environment of rapid technological change and is largely dependent on the services of its employees
and consultants. Further, our future operations are dependent on the success of our efforts to raise substantial additional capital. 

We incurred a net loss of 8.7 million and 10.6 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and had an accumulated deficit of 68.2 million as of September 30,
2024. We anticipate incurring additional losses until such time, if ever, that we can generate significant revenue from our product candidates
currently in development. Our primary source of capital has been the issuance of debt and equity securities. 

At September 30, 2024, we had cash of approximately 17,000. As
of November 14, 2024, our cash position totaled approximately 2.5 million and will not be sufficient to sustain operations through the
first quarter of 2025. On March 18, 2024, we paid the Plaintiff 3.5 million pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement,
and we paid an additional 2.5 million as of July 8, 2024. In July, 2024, we issued an aggregate
of 2,049,683 shares of our common stock to investors who exercised warrants previously issued by us. In connection with such exercise,
we received gross proceeds of approximately 2.8 million. On July 25, 2024, we prepaid in full all amounts owed under the Secured Note
that we issued to an investor on July 5, 2024. The total payment amount, including principal and accrued interest, was approximately 2.5
million. We accrued 0.7 million for estimated payments to be made to our former Chief Executive
Officer with respect to his separation from employment with us. The accrual does not include any amounts that we may be required to pay
for indemnification claims or contribution that he may seek against us, which may be significant. We need to raise additional capital
to fund operations. Due to our continuing losses and our cash position, there exists substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of assets,
liabilities, and reported expenses that may be necessary if we were unable to continue as a going concern. 

Our future operations are
dependent on the success of our efforts to raise substantial additional capital. We currently do not have sufficient capital to fund the
commercialization of any of our product candidates. Additional financing will be needed by us to fund our operations, and to complete
clinical development of and to commercially develop our product candidates. There is no assurance that such financing will be available
when needed or on acceptable terms. Our ability to raise capital to date has been impacted by the uncertainty of both our likelihood of
being able to complete clinical development of any of our products or to commercially develop our products, as well as the amount of damages
we may be required to pay and it is likely that we will be unable to raise capital, if at all, until all uncertainties are resolved. Further,
our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by potential worsening of global economic conditions, potential future
global pandemics or health crises, and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit, banking, and financial markets in the
United States. 

42 

Substantial additional financings will be needed by
us to fund our operations or pursuant to any indemnification or contribution that may be required for any damages claim sought by Mr.
Mack, and to complete clinical development of and to commercially develop our product candidates. There is no assurance that such financing
will be available when needed or on acceptable terms. We also may be forced to curtail spending in research and development activities
in order to conserve cash. 

We cannot be
certain that such funding will be available on favorable terms or available at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital
in the near future, of which there can be no certainty, we may be forced to liquidate assets or initiate bankruptcy proceedings . 

Global Macroeconomic Environment 

The global macroeconomic environment could be negatively
affected by, among other things, resurgence of COVID-19 or other pandemics or epidemics, instability in global economic markets, increased
U.S. trade tariffs and trade disputes with other countries, instability in the global credit and banking markets, supply chain weaknesses,
instability in the geopolitical environment as a result of the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, the ongoing conflict
between Russia and Ukraine, the war in the Middle East, other political tensions, and foreign governmental debt concerns. Such challenges
have caused, and may continue to cause, uncertainty and instability in local economies and in global financial markets. 

While expected to be temporary, these disruptions
may negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity in 2024 and potentially beyond. 

Factors that May Affect Future Results 

You should refer to Part I, Item 1A
 Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, for a discussion of important
factors that may affect our future results. 

ITEM 3: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer/Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30,
2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means
controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating
the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as
of September 30, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer/Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Evaluation of Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. From time to time, we make changes to our internal control over financial
reporting that are intended to enhance its effectiveness, and which do not have a material effect on our overall internal control over
financial reporting. 

43 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On March 12, 2021, the Company and our former Chief
Executive Officer, Anthony P. Mack (together, the Defendants ), were named as defendants in a complaint (the Complaint filed by Plaintiffs in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware captioned Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. and Scilex Pharmaceuticals
Inc. v. Anthony Mack and Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , Case No. 2021-0210-PAF (the Action ). In the Complaint, Plaintiffs
alleged (i) Mr. Mack breached a Restrictive Covenants Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2016, between himself and Sorrento (the Restrictive
Covenants Agreement ), (ii) the Company tortiously interfered with the Restrictive Covenants Agreement, and (iii) the Company tortiously
interfered with Scilex s relationship with Mr. Mack. On May 7, 2021, Plaintiffs filed an Amended Complaint asserting the same three
causes of action. On September 28, 2021, Plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Complaint asserting the same three causes of action as the
prior complaints, as well as claims in which Plaintiffs alleged (i) Mr. Mack breached an Employment, Proprietary Information and Inventions
Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2016, between himself and Sorrento (the Employment Agreement ), (ii) the Company tortiously
interfered with the Employment Agreement, (iii) Mr. Mack breached his fiduciary duties to Scilex, and (iv) the Company aided and abetted
Mr. Mack s alleged breach of fiduciary duties to Scilex. On April 1, 2022, Plaintiffs filed a Third Amended Complaint. The Third
Amended Complaint asserts the same causes of action as the Second Amended Complaint, as well as claims for (i) misappropriation of trade
secrets by Defendants under Delaware law, and (ii) misappropriation of trade secrets by Defendants under California law. On April 18,
2022, Defendants filed answers to the Third Amended Complaint. Trial was held before Vice Chancellor Paul Fiorvanti from September 12
through September 14, 2022. 

In March 2023, the Company collected 1,250,000 in
reimbursement of legal costs pursuant to the Company s directors and officers insurance policy, and recorded it as
a reduction of general and administrative expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. No further reimbursements are
permitted from the insurance policy with respect to the litigation. 

On September 1, 2023, the Chancery Court issued a
memorandum opinion addressing liability in the Action and found in favor of Plaintiffs on all but three counts, which the Court found
were waived. The Chancery Court found it proper to attribute Mr. Mack s knowledge and actions to the Company, which Mr. Mack used
to effectuate the tortious interference and breach of fiduciary duty. The Chancery Court found that Mr. Mack breached the Restrictive
Covenants Agreement he entered into with Sorrento by developing Epoladerm the Company is liable for tortious interference with contract;
Plaintiffs were deemed to have waived their claims for breach of Mr. Mack s Employment Agreement and for tortious interference with
prospective economic advantage; Mr. Mack breached his fiduciary duty of loyalty to Scilex; the Company aided and abetted Mr. Mack s
breach of fiduciary duty; and Mr. Mack misappropriated certain Scilex trade secrets. The Court, however, stated that the question of an
appropriate remedy must await further briefing. 

On October 18, 2023, in accordance with the Chancery
Court s supplemental briefing schedule, Plaintiffs filed their supplemental brief requesting the following relief: an injunction,
in the first instance, enjoining Mr. Mack from having any relationship with Virpax for a period of 18 months and 27 days; enjoining Virpax
from further developing or marketing Epoladerm for a period of 18 months and 27 days; alternatively, if these two injunction requests
were not granted, Plaintiffs requested a judgement of joint and several liability against Mr. Mack and Virpax of 14,684,833. In addition
to these requests for injunctive relief (or in, the alternative, damages), Plaintiffs sought a constructive trust over the revenues of
Epoladerm, Probudur and Envelta, or, in the alternative to a constructive trust, a royalty of 5 per cent of net sales of Epoladerm, 8-11
percent of net sales of Probudur and 7.5 percent of net sales of Envelta. In addition to the requests for injunctive relief, imposition
of a constructive trust and/or royalties, Plaintiffs also requested additional damages, jointly and severally, against Mr. Mack and Virpax
as follows: 1.3 million for misuse of Scilex resources, 6.7 million for misappropriation of trade secrets, 13.4 million for exemplary
damage (trade secrets damage x2) and attorney s fees in an unspecified amount. Finally, Plaintiffs sought injunctive relief, enjoining
Mr. Mack and Virpax from further accessing Scilex s trade secrets; requiring Mr. Mack and Virpax to return Scilex s trade
secrets to Plaintiffs; and enjoining Mr. Mack and Virpax from marketing or selling any products derived from or incorporating Scilex s
trade secrets. 

44 

On November 29, 2023, in accordance with the Chancery
Court s supplemental briefing schedule, Defendants filed their supplement brief on damages rebutting Plaintiffs damages analysis.
Throughout the brief, Defendants argued Plaintiffs failed to meet their burden to prove damages, and as such, should be precluded from
any damages award. However, given the Court s instruction, Defendants proffered a reasonable damages analysis as follows. As for
the injunctive relief requested against Mr. Mack, the Company took no position, as the request was directed to Mr. Mack personally. Concerning
Plaintiffs request for an injunction against further development of Epoladerm for a period of 18 months and 27 days, Defendants
opposed this request, arguing lack of irreparable harm, given Plaintiffs request for money damages. Defendants also argued a constructive
trust is inappropriate, given Plaintiffs failed to articulate the parameters of such relief and, additionally, the lack of sales for the
drug candidates preclude such relief. In terms of the money damages related to the three drug candidates, Defendants proffered a reasonable
royalty rate of 1-3 of the net profits of the drug candidates, as opposed to lump sum damages, as such rate would alleviate the speculative
nature of the damages requested by Plaintiffs. As for the misappropriation of trade secrets request of 6.7 million, given the Court found
only 5 of the proffered 1,182 documents were trade secrets, Defendants contend Plaintiffs should receive no monetary damages (given the
reasonable royalty would encompass use of these documents and, alternatively, Defendants would return such documents). However, if the
Court were to award damages, such damages should be pro rata for the documents, or roughly 28,382. And, finally, Defendants opposed the
request for attorneys fees and exemplary damages. 

On December 21, 2023, Plaintiffs filed their reply
brief on damages, generally reasserting their prior arguments on damages and rebutting Defendants arguments. Plaintiffs also asserted
they supported their damages claims with sufficient evidence. 

On February 29, 2024, Plaintiffs and the Company entered
into a Settlement Agreement to fully resolve all claims by the Plaintiffs against the Company related to the litigation, subject to the
entry by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, which is handling the Sorrento bankruptcy filing, of an
order approving the Settlement Agreement. On March 1, 2024, the Plaintiffs filed a motion to approve the Settlement Agreement and grant
the related relief with the Bankruptcy Court. On March 14, 2024, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Settlement Agreement
and on March 20, 2024 the Plaintiffs filed a Stipulation of Dismissal with the Chancery Court dismissing the Action. 

As settlement consideration, the Company agreed to
pay Sorrento and Scilex a total cash payment of 6.0 million, of which 3.5 million was paid on March 18, 2024, two business days after
the Effective Date, and the remaining 2.5 million which was paid in July 2024. Additionally, the Company agreed to pay to Plaintiffs
royalties of 6 of annual net sales of products developed from drug candidates Epoladerm, Probudur and Envelta until the earlier of the
expiration of the last-to-expire valid patent claim of such product and the expiration of any period of regulatory exclusivity for such
product. 

Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, each of the
Plaintiffs and the Company provided mutual releases of all claims as of the Effective Date, whether known or unknown, arising from any
allegations set forth in the Action. Plaintiffs release relates to claims against the Company only. Plaintiffs release as
to the Company was effective upon the Company s initial payment of 3.5 million, and the Company s release of the Plaintiffs
was effective upon the Effective Date. 

The Plaintiffs can still pursue claims against Mr.
Mack. The Company s Bylaws require the Company to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made
a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other
than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation,
or, while a director or officer of the Corporation . Such indemnification, however, is limited to circumstances where the
covered person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the Corporation . Mr. Mack may attempt to claim he is entitled to indemnification, should the Court find him liable for
damages in the Action. Given the findings in the Memorandum Opinion issued in the Action, the Company believes it has a strong position
that Mr. Mack would not be entitled to indemnification. There is a risk, however, that a Court could find he is entitled to such indemnification.
Additionally, per Section 7.6 of the Bylaws, 

45 

the Company has been advancing Mr. Mack s attorneys fees and costs for the Action.
It is likely Mr. Mack will contend he is still entitled to advancement of any fees and/or costs for the Action going forward and may seek
judicial intervention. However, as per the Bylaws, Mr. Mack is only entitled to advancement of expenses for indemnifiable actions. As
noted above, given the Memorandum Opinion in the Action, the Company believes that it has a strong position that Mr. Mack is not entitled
to indemnification, and therefore, not entitled to advancement of expenses. However, there is a risk that a Court could find that Mr.
Mack is entitled to such advancement. Further, Mr. Mack may attempt to seek damages from the Company based on the Court s final
judgment on damages under the theory of joint and several liability and seek contribution from the Company for any monetary judgment. (See
Item 1A-Risk Factors) 

The Court is aware that Plaintiffs have settled with
the Company and that the Settlement Agreement fully releases the Company from any claims or damages, the Plaintiff has against the Company,
related to the Action. Given the Settlement Agreement does not release Mr. Mack from liability related to the Action, the Court has requested
supplemental briefing as to whether the Court can dismiss the Company from the lawsuit, as well as any claims Mr. Mack has against the
Company arising from the Action. While the Company believes that any damages assessed may be awarded against Mr. Mack alone, Plaintiffs
cannot seek additional damages from Virpax. However, there is a risk that Mr. Mack will still seek contribution from the Company for any
damages claim arising from the Action and, there is a risk that the Court will rule in Mr. Mack s favor. Any such amounts for indemnification,
contribution or other amounts awarded by the Court in Mr. Mack s favor could be significant. 

No further reimbursements are permitted from our insurance
policy with respect to the litigation. Accordingly, if Mr. Mack was successful in seeking indemnification from us, we would have to pay
such amounts in cash which would further reduce our cash position. 

From time to time, we are subject to claims by third
parties under various legal disputes. The defense of such claims, or any adverse outcome relating to any such claims, could have a material
adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition, and cash flows. 

ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS 

Our operations and financial results are subject to
various risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2024. Except as set forth below,
there have been no other material changes to our risk factors since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

We have incurred losses since inception and
anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We are not currently profitable, and we may never achieve
or sustain profitability. 

We are a preclinical stage biopharmaceutical company
with a limited operating history and have incurred losses since our formation. We incurred net losses of approximately 8.7 million and
 10.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit
of approximately 68.2 million. We have not commercialized any product candidates and have never generated revenue from the commercialization
of any product. To date, we have devoted most of our financial resources to research and development, including our preclinical work,
general and administrative expenses, including, but not limited to, legal defense costs and general corporate purposes, as well as to
intellectual property. 

We expect to incur significant additional operating
losses for the next several years, at least, as we advance Probudur, Envelta, AnQlar, Epoladerm and NobrXiol through preclinical development,
complete clinical trials, seek regulatory approval and commercialize Probudur, Envelta, AnQlar, Epoladerm and NobrXiol (collectively,
 Product Candidates ), if approved. The costs of advancing product candidates into each clinical phase tend to increase substantially
over the duration of the clinical development process. Therefore, the total costs to advance any of our product candidates to marketing
approval in even a single jurisdiction will be substantial. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical
product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to
begin generating revenue from the commercialization of any products or achieve or maintain profitability. Our costs and expenses will
also increase substantially if and as we: 

46 

make
 related indemnification and/or contribution payments, which payment, if any, may be material, or estimated separation payments we
 agree to make to our former Chief Executive Officer, which may be material (See Part II-Item1 Legal Proceedings); 

are
 required by the FDA, to complete Phase 2 trials to support an NDA for our Product Candidates; 

are required by the FDA
 to complete Phase 3 trials to support NDAs for our Product Candidates; 

establish a sales, marketing
 and distribution infrastructure to commercialize our drugs, if approved, and for any other product candidates for which we may obtain
 marketing approval; 

maintain, expand and protect
 our intellectual property portfolio; 

hire additional clinical,
 scientific and commercial personnel; 

add operational, financial
 and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and planned future commercialization
 efforts, as well as to support our transition to a public reporting company; and 

acquire or in-license or
 invent other product candidates or technologies. 

Furthermore, our ability to successfully develop,
commercialize and license any product candidates and generate product revenue is subject to substantial additional risks and uncertainties,
as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 under Risks Related to Development, Clinical
Testing, Manufacturing and Regulatory Approval and Risks Related to Commercialization. As a result, we expect to
continue to incur net losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. These net losses and negative cash flows have had, and
will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. The amount of our future net losses will
depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenues. If we are unable to develop and commercialize
one or more product candidates, either alone or through collaborations, or if revenues from any product that receives marketing approval
are insufficient, we will not achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain profitability
or meet outside expectations for our profitability. If we are unable to achieve or sustain profitability or to meet outside expectations
for our profitability, the value of our common stock will be materially and adversely affected. 

We require substantial additional capital to
fund our operations, and if we fail to obtain necessary financing, we will not be able to complete the development and commercialization
of our drugs. 

As
 of September 30, 2024, our cash position
totaled approximately 17,000 and as of November 14, 2024, our cash position totaled approximately 2.5 million. O ur current cash
position is not sufficient to enable us to fund our operations through the first quarter of 2025 .
There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise capital when needed. Our failure to raise such additional capital could result
in us being forced to liquidate assets or initiate bankruptcy proceedings. 

We will need to spend substantial
amounts to advance the clinical development of and launch and commercialize our product candidates. 

For example, we estimate
that we will require at least a total of approximately 7.5 million for the completion of planned development for commencing a clinical
trial for Probudur and other expenditures that we will need to incur in order to develop our other product candidates, our ongoing
operations, and potential cash separation payments to our former Chief Executive Officer. Our estimate of our clinical trial timing may
change and we may need substantially more funds to complete our planned clinical trial for Probudur. If we are unable to raise capital
when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or any future
commercialization efforts. In addition, our strategy for AnQlar and Epoladerm is to license out or partner these assets as we continue
to focus our efforts on our prescription drug pipeline. If we are unsuccessful in our partnering activities and/or financing activities,
we may be unable to develop AnQlar and Epoladerm. 

47 

At September 30, 2024, we had cash of approximately
 17,000. On March 18, 2024, we paid 3.5 million to the Plaintiffs and we have paid the Plaintiffs an additional 2.5 million as of July
8, 2024. On July 25, 2024, we prepaid in full all amounts owed under the Secured Note that we issued
to an investor on July 5, 2024. The total payment amount, including principal and accrued interest, was approximately 2.5 million. In
addition, litigation related indemnification and/or contribution payments, if any, and which may be significant, and any
cash estimated separation payments that we make to our former Chief Executive Officer, which
may be material, will further reduce our cash position. See Note 5 to the Notes to Financial Statements included in this Quarterly
Report for additional information regarding these payments. We have incurred losses since inception, including a loss of 8.7 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 15.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. Our future funding requirements,
both near and long-term, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to the: 

costs associated with litigation,
 adverse judgments and/or settlements. 

initiation, progress, timing,
 costs and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials, including patient enrollment in such trials, for our Product Candidates
 or any other future product candidates; 

clinical development plans
 we establish for our Product Candidates and any other future product candidates; 

obligation to make royalty
 and non-royalty sublicense receipt payments to third-party licensors, if any, under our licensing agreements; 

number and characteristics
 of product candidates that we discover or in-license and develop; 

outcome, timing and cost
 of regulatory review by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including the potential for the FDA or comparable
 foreign regulatory authorities to require that we perform more studies than those that we currently expect; 

costs of filing, prosecuting,
 defending and enforcing any patent claims and maintaining and enforcing other intellectual property rights; 

effects of competing technological
 and market developments; 

costs and timing of the
 implementation of commercial-scale manufacturing activities; 

costs and timing of establishing
 sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for any product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval; and 

cost associated with being
 a public company. 

We may face challenges in retaining key
personnel and maintaining business continuity as a result of recent cost-cutting measures, including salary reductions, which may also
affect our product development and timelines. 

We recently implemented significant cost-cutting measures,
including a 50 reduction in salaries across the Company. While these actions were deemed necessary to conserve capital, they may negatively
affect employee morale and retention. There is a risk that key directors, officers, and employees may seek alternative employment opportunities,
which could result in significant disruptions to our business. If we are unable to retain or replace qualified personnel, it could adversely
affect our ability to execute our business strategy, maintain continuity in our operations, and meet key development milestones. 

In addition, these measures may affect our ability
to meet projected timelines for product development and clinical trials. Any delays in the development and commercialization of our products
or services could materially impact our business prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. As a result of these cost-cutting
measures, sublicensing work on AnQlar and Epoladerm have been suspended, which will further delay our development timelines. 

48 

The elimination of our directors and officers
insurance may affect retention, expose our directors and officers to personal liability, and impact our financial condition. 

We have recently eliminated our D O insurance
coverage as part of cost-saving measures. This decision may negatively impact our ability to retain and attract key directors and officers,
as they may be more likely to leave or hesitate to join the Company due to the increased personal liability exposure. If key personnel
depart, it could disrupt our business operations, affect continuity, and hinder our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. 

Without D O insurance, the Company will not have
coverage in the event of lawsuits filed against our directors and officers, which may require us to indemnify them under applicable law
and contractual obligations. If the Company faces significant legal claims, we may not have sufficient financial resources to fully indemnify
our directors and officers. In such a situation, directors and officers may be personally liable, which could further increase the risk
of departures and negatively affect our business continuity and financial condition. 

The cancellation of our cybersecurity insurance
may expose us to increased financial and operational risks. 

We have recently cancelled our cybersecurity insurance
coverage, which may increase our vulnerability to the financial and operational impacts of cyberattacks. Without this coverage, we may
face significant costs if a cybersecurity breach occurs, including expenses related to data recovery, legal claims, regulatory penalties,
and reputational damage. These incidents could disrupt our operations and delay the development of our drug-delivery systems and therapies.
The lack of insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business operations. 

The recent reduction in salaries and the elimination
of directors and officers insurance may negatively impact our ability to retain key personnel and disrupt our business operations. 

We have recently implemented significant cost-cutting
measures, including a 50 reduction in salaries across the Company, and have eliminated our directors and officers insurance coverage.
These actions could result in key directors, officers, and employees seeking alternative employment opportunities. For example, on September
3, 2024, we received a letter from Kagen, Caspersen Bogart PLLC, legal counsel to Gerald Bruce, our former Chief Executive Officer,
and Vinay Shah, our former Chief Financial Officer, regarding their employment agreements with the Company. In said letter, they made
certain allegations that the Company violated their employment agreements as a result of the 50 reduction of the executives contractual
base compensation and, as a result, the executive may resign after the 30-day cure period for good reason and be entitled to payment of
severance compensation. On October 5, 2024, Gerald Bruce, our former Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board, and Vinay Shah,
our former Chief Financial Officer, notified the Company of their resignation from their respective positions, effective immediately.
The further departure of key personnel could cause disruptions to our business operations and negatively impact our ability to execute
our business strategy. If we are unable to retain or replace key personnel, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected. 

49 

Our failure to meet
the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a de-listing of our common stock. 

Our shares of common stock
are listed for trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol VRPX. If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements
of The Nasdaq Capital Market such as the corporate governance requirements, the stockholder s equity requirement or the minimum
closing bid price requirement, The Nasdaq Capital Market may take steps to de-list our common stock or warrants. 

On April 2, 2024, we received
a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff of the Nasdaq notifying us that our stockholders 
equity as reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, did not meet the minimum stockholders 
equity requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) requires companies listed on the
Nasdaq Capital Market to maintain stockholders equity of at least 2,500,000. In the Annual Report, we reported stockholders 
equity of 1,934,321, which is below the minimum stockholders equity required for continued listing pursuant to Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(b)(1). Additionally, as of the date of this Quarterly Report, we do not meet the alternative Nasdaq continued listing standards
under Nasdaq Listing Rules. In our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, we reported stockholders 
deficit of 2.8 million. 

On July 29, 2024, we received
notice from the Staff that we were granted an extension through September 30, 2024 to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1).
On October 3, 2024, we received a delist determination letter from the Staff advising the Company that the Staff had determined that the
Company did not meet the terms of the extension. As a result, we requested an appeal of the Staff s determination. We submitted
a hearing request to the Nasdaq Hearings Panel, which request is expected to stay any delisting action by the Staff at least until the
hearing process concludes and any extension granted by the Panel expires. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that
the Panel will grant the Company s request or an additional extension period, or that the Company will ultimately regain compliance
with all applicable requirements for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

In the event we fail to evidence
compliance with the Minimum Stockholders Equity Rule within the allotted time period, we will have the right to a hearing before
Nasdaq s Hearing Panel. The hearing request would stay any suspension or delisting action pending the conclusion of the hearing
process and the expiration of any additional extension period granted by the Panel following the hearing. 

In addition, on June 28,
2024, we received written notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq notifying us that for the preceding 30 consecutive
business days (May 15, 2024 through June 27, 2024), the Common Stock did not maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 per share as
required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

On July 22,
2024, the Company received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company that the staff has determined
that for 10 consecutive business days, from July 8, 2024 to July 19, 2024, the closing bid price of the Company s Common Stock had
been at 1.00 per share or greater. Accordingly, the staff had determined that the Company had regained compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).

On October 4,
2024, the Company received a deficiency letter from the Staff of Nasdaq notifying the Company that, for the last 30 consecutive business
days, the closing bid price for the Company s common stock had been below the minimum 1.00 per share required for continued listing
on Nasdaq pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). The Nasdaq deficiency letter has no immediate effect on the listing of the Company s
common stock, and our common stock will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol VRPX . 

In accordance
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has been given 180 calendar days, or until April 2, 2025, to regain compliance with
the Minimum Bid Price Rule. If at any time before April 2, 2025, the bid price of the Company s common stock closes at 1.00 per
share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, the Staff will provide written confirmation that the Company has achieved
compliance. 

50 

If the Company does not regain compliance with the
Minimum Bid Price Rule by April 2, 2025, the Company may be afforded a second 180 calendar days period to regain. The Company would be
required to notify Nasdaq of its intent to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period. If the Company does not regain compliance
with the Minimum Bid Price Rule by the end of the compliance period (or the second compliance period, if applicable), the Company s
common stock will become subject to delisting. In the event that the Company receives notice that its common stock is being delisted,
the Nasdaq listing rules permit the Company to appeal a delisting determination by the Staff to a hearings panel. 

The Company intends to monitor the closing bid price
of its common stock and may, if appropriate, consider available options to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Rule, including
initiating a reverse stock split. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain compliance with the Minimum
Bid Price Rule or will otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

Any perception that we may
not regain compliance or a delisting of our Common Stock by Nasdaq could adversely affect our ability to attract new investors, decrease
the liquidity of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock, reduce the price at which such shares trade and increase the transaction
costs inherent in trading such shares with overall negative effects for our stockholder. In addition, delisting of our Common Stock from
Nasdaq could deter broker-dealers from making a market in or otherwise seeking or generating interest in our Common Stock and might deter
certain institutions and persons from investing in our Common Stock. 

The National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which
are referred to as covered securities. Because our Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, our Common Stock
is covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow
the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states
can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. Further, if we were to be delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market,
our Common Stock would cease to be recognized as covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer
our securities. 

51 

ITEM 2: UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

(a) Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

Except as set forth below, we did not sell any equity
securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 in transactions that were not registered under the Securities Act
other than as disclosed in our filings with the SEC. 

On July 5, 2024, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), with an institutional investor (the Investor pursuant to which, on July 5, 2024, the Company issued to the Investor a senior secured promissory note in the principal amount of 2.5
million (the Secured Note for 2.5 million (the Subscription Amount ). The issuance was exempt from registration
pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

(b) Use of Proceeds 

Not applicable. 

(c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 3: DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5: OTHER INFORMATION 

During the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a)
of Regulation S-K . 

Resignation of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

On September 20, 2024, the auditor of the Company,
EisnerAmper LLP EisnerAmper ), resigned as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. EisnerAmper s
audit report on the Company s financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022
did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting
principles except that such audit report did include an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. 

During the Company s two most recent fiscal
years, there were no disagreements with EisnerAmper on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure,
or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreement(s), if not resolved to the satisfaction of EisnerAmper, would have caused it to make
reference to the subject matter of the disagreement(s) in connection with its report. 

Engagement of New Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

On September 24, 2024, the Company s Audit Committee
approved, and the Company s Board ratified, the engagement of Bush Associated CPA LLC (the New Auditor ), and
appointed the New Auditor as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm as of September 24, 2024. During the
past two fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, and the subsequent interim period through September 25, 2024, neither the Company
nor anyone on the Company s behalf consulted with the New Auditor with respect to either (i)(a) the application of accounting
principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or (b) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on financial
statements, and no written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that the New Auditor concluded was an important factor
that the Company consider in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue, or (ii) any other matter
that was the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event (as these terms are defined in Item 304(a)(1)
of Regulation S-K and the related instructions). 

52 

ITEM 6: EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40064) filed on March 31, 2021) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40064) filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021) 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to By-Laws dated June 5, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40064) filed with the SEC on June 7, 2023) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40064) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2024) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Series A-1 Common Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40064) filed with the SEC on May 17, 2024) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Series A-2 Common Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40064) filed with the SEC on May 17, 2024) 

4.3 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40064) filed with the SEC on May 17, 2024) 

10.1 
 
 Separation Agreement between Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Jeffrey Gudin, MD, dated May 2, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40064) filed with the SEC on May 2, 2024) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40064) filed with the SEC on May 17, 2024) 

10.3 
 
 Amendment to the Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan to Increase in Authorized Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No 001-40064 filed with the SEC on July 30, 2024) 

10.4 
 
 Amendment to the Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan to Increase Evergreen Provision Percentage (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No 001-40064 filed with the SEC on July 30, 2024) 

10.5 
 
 Extension Agreement, dated September 30, 2024, by and between Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Corbo Capital Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40064) filed with the SEC on October 3, 2024) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b). 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

This certification will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent specifically incorporated by reference into such filing. 

53 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized on November 14, 2024. 

VIRPAX PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jatinder Dhaliwal 

Jatinder Dhaliwal 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

54 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e6114_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Jatinder Dhaliwal, certify that: 

1. I have
reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on
my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based on
my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Jatinder Dhaliwal 

Jatinder Dhaliwal 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e6114_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF Principal
Financial Officer 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Jatinder Dhaliwal, certify that: 

1. I have
reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on
my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based on
my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Jatinder Dhaliwal 

Jatinder Dhaliwal 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e6114_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jatinder Dhaliwal, Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) of Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The Company s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
for the periods presented. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Jatinder Dhaliwal 

Jatinder Dhaliwal 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 e6114_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF Principal
Financial Officer 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jatinder Dhaliwal, Chief
Executive Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of Virpax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my
knowledge: 

(1) The Company s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
for the periods presented. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Jatinder Dhaliwal 

Jatinder Dhaliwal 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vrpx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 vrpx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 vrpx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 vrpx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

