<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1672013_0001672013-24-000057.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8512840</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>115815</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1430059</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3312964</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1785756</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1685004</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001672013-24-000057.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107162908
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001672013-24-000057
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Acushnet Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001672013
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				455644353
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37935
		FILM NUMBER:		241436303

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 BRIDGE STREET
		CITY:			FAIRHAVEN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02719
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-225-8500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 BRIDGE STREET
		CITY:			FAIRHAVEN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02719

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001672013-24-000057.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 golf-20240930.htm
 10-Q

golf-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 Form 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of November 1, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 5 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 41 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 41 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 41 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 41 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 41 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 42 
 Signatures 
 43 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 In this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q, the terms Acushnet, we, us, our and the Company refer to Acushnet Holdings Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which are subject to the safe harbor created by that section. These forward-looking statements are included throughout this report, including in the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and relate to matters such as our industry, business strategy, goals and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, capital expenditures, liquidity and capital resources and other financial and operating information. We have used the words anticipate, assume, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, future, will, seek, foreseeable and similar terms and phrases to identify forward-looking statements in this report, although not all forward-looking statements use these identifying words. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on management s current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. We cannot assure you that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations due to changes in global, regional or local economic, business, competitive, market, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We believe that these factors include: 
 a reduction in the number of rounds of golf played or in the number of golf participants; 
 unfavorable weather conditions may impact the number of playable days and rounds played in a given year; 
 consumer spending habits and macroeconomic factors may affect the number of rounds of golf played and related spending on golf products; 
 demographic factors may affect the number of golf participants and related spending on our products; 
 changes to the Rules of Golf with respect to equipment; 
 a significant disruption in the operations of our manufacturing, assembly or distribution facilities; 
 our ability to procure raw materials or components of our products; 
 a disruption in the operations of our suppliers; 
 the cost of raw materials and components; 
 currency transaction and translation risk; 
 our ability to successfully manage the frequent introduction of new products or satisfy changing consumer preferences, quality and regulatory standards; 
 our reliance on technical innovation and high-quality products; 
 our ability to adequately enforce and protect our intellectual property rights; 
 our involvement in lawsuits to protect, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to prevent infringement of intellectual property rights by others; 
 changes to patent laws; 
 intense competition and our ability to maintain a competitive advantage in each of our markets; 
 limited opportunities for future growth in sales of certain of our products, including golf balls, golf shoes and golf gloves; 
 our customers financial conditions, levels of business activity and ability to pay their trade obligations; 
 a decrease in corporate spending on our custom logo golf balls; 
 our ability to maintain and further develop our sales channels; 
 consolidation of retailers or concentration of retail market share; 
 our ability to maintain and enhance our brands; 
 seasonal fluctuations of our business; 
 fluctuations of our business based on the timing of new product introductions; 
 risks associated with doing business globally; 
 compliance with laws, regulations and policies, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other applicable anti-corruption legislation; 
 our ability to secure professional golfers to endorse or use our products; 
 negative publicity relating to us, the golfers who use our products or the golf industry in general; 
 our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products; 
 a disruption in the service, or a significant increase in the cost, of our primary delivery and shipping services or a significant disruption at shipping ports; 
 our ability to maintain our information systems to adequately perform their functions; 
 cybersecurity risks; 
 our ability to comply with data privacy and security laws; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 the ability of our eCommerce systems to function effectively; 
 impairment of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets; 
 our ability to attract and/or retain management and other key employees and hire qualified management, technical and manufacturing personnel; 
 our ability to prohibit sales of our products by unauthorized retailers or distributors; 
 our ability to grow our presence in existing international markets and expand into additional international markets; 
 tax uncertainties, including potential changes in tax laws, unanticipated tax liabilities and limitations on utilization of tax attributes after any change of control; 
 adequate levels of coverage of our insurance policies; 
 product liability, warranty and recall claims; 
 litigation and other regulatory proceedings; 
 compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations; 
 our ability to secure additional capital at all or on terms acceptable to us and potential dilution of holders of our common stock; 
 lack of assurance of positive returns on capital investments; 
 risks associated with acquisitions and investments; 
 our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting estimates; 
 terrorist activities and international political instability; 
 occurrence of natural disasters or pandemic diseases; 
 a high degree of leverage, ability to service our indebtedness, ability to incur more indebtedness and restrictions in the agreements governing our indebtedness; 
 our use of derivative financial instruments; 
 the ability of our controlling shareholder to control significant corporate activities, and that our controlling shareholder s interests may conflict with yours; 
 our status as a controlled company; 
 the market price of shares of our common stock; 
 the execution of our share repurchase program and effects thereof; 
 our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; 
 our ability to pay dividends; 
 our status as a holding company; 
 dilution from future issuances or sales of our common stock; 
 anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law; 
 reports from securities analysts; and 
 other factors discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in any other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. 
 Any forward-looking statement made by us in this report speaks only as of the date of this report. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, investments or other strategic transactions we may pursue. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by any applicable securities laws. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Website Disclosure 
 We use our website (www.acushnetholdingscorp.com) as a channel of distribution of company information. The information we post through this channel may be material. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. In addition, you may automatically receive e-mail alerts and other information about Acushnet Holdings Corp. when you enroll your e-mail address by visiting the Resources section of our website at https://www.acushnetholdingscorp.com/investors/resources. On our website, we post the following filings free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC: our annual reports on Form 10-K, our proxy statements, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The contents of our website are not, however, a part of this report or intended to be incorporated by reference in any other report or document we file with the SEC. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 INDEX TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page(s) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited) 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 9 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (unaudited) 
 10 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 

5 

Table of Contents 

 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 September 30, December 31, (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 2024 2023 Assets Current assets Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and attributable to the variable interest entity ("VIE")) 
 Accounts receivable, net Inventories and attributable to the VIE) 
 Prepaid and other assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net and attributable to the VIE) 
 Goodwill and attributable to the VIE) 
 Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other assets and attributable to the VIE) 
 Total assets Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Shareholders' Equity Current liabilities Short-term debt Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable and attributable to the VIE) 
 Accrued taxes Accrued compensation and benefits and attributable to the VIE) 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities and attributable to the VIE) 
 Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 
 Shareholders' equity Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; of accrued share repurchases) (Note 10) 
 ) Total equity attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. Noncontrolling interests Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests and shareholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Intangible amortization Income from operations Interest expense, net Other expense, net Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. Net income per common share attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp.: Basic Diluted Weighted average number of common shares: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Cash flow derivative instruments: Unrealized holding (losses) gains arising during period ) Reclassification adjustments included in net income ) ) ) ) Tax benefit (expense) ) ) Cash flow derivative instruments, net ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits: Pension and other postretirement benefits adjustments ) ) ) Tax benefit (expense) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits adjustments, net ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flows provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Unrealized foreign exchange loss (gain) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Share-based compensation Loss (gain) on disposals of property, plant and equipment ) Deferred income taxes Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories Accounts payable ) Accrued taxes Other assets and liabilities ) Cash flows provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) Additions to intangible assets (Note 17) 
 ) Other, net ) Cash flows used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Repayments of short-term borrowings, net (Note 5) 
 ) Proceeds from credit facilities (Note 5) 
 Repayments of credit facilities (Note 5) 
 ) ) Purchases of common stock ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Payment of employee restricted stock tax withholdings ) ) Other, net Cash flows used in financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental non-cash information Purchases of property, plant and equipment, accrued not paid Additions to right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations Additions to right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations Dividend equivalents rights ("DERs") declared not paid Share repurchase liability (Note 10) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. Noncontrolling Interests Total Shareholders' Equity (in thousands) Shares Amount Balances as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation Vesting of restricted common stock, including impact of DERs, 
 net of shares withheld for employee taxes (Note 11) 
 Purchases of common stock (Note 10) 
 ) ) ) Share repurchase liability (Note 10) 
 ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents declared ) ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2023 ) ) Balances as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation Vesting of restricted common stock, including impact of DERs, 
 net of shares withheld for employee taxes (Note 11) 
 ) ) ) Purchases of common stock (Note 10) ) ) ) ) ) ) Share repurchase liability (Note 10) Dividends and dividend equivalents declared ) ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. Noncontrolling Interests Total Shareholders' Equity (in thousands) Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Sale of equity to noncontrolling interests (Note 1) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation Vesting of restricted common stock, including impact of DERs, 
 net of shares withheld for employee taxes (Note 11) 
 ) ) ) Purchases of common stock (Note 10) 
 ) ) ) Share repurchase liability (Note 10) 
 ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents declared ) ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2023 ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation Vesting of restricted common stock, including impact of DERs, 
 net of shares withheld for employee taxes (Note 11) 
 ) ) ) Purchases of common stock (Note 10) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Share repurchase liability (Note 10) 
 ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents declared ) ) ) Redemption value adjustment (Note 1) 
 ) ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 
 owned by the Company. The sole purpose of the VIE is to manufacture the Company s golf footwear and as such, the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. The Company has presented separately on its unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets, to the extent material, the assets of its consolidated VIE that can only be used to settle specific obligations of its consolidated VIE and the liabilities of its consolidated VIE for which creditors do not have recourse to its general credit. The general creditors of the VIE do not have recourse to the Company. Certain directors of the VIE have guaranteed the credit lines of the VIE, for which there were outstanding borrowings as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the agreement governing the VIE, the Company is not required to provide financial support to the VIE. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 million redemption value adjustment to increase the carrying amount of redeemable noncontrolling interests. The value attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and any related loans to minority shareholders, which are recorded as a reduction to redeemable noncontrolling interests, are presented in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets as temporary equity between liabilities and shareholders equity. The amount of the loan to minority shareholders was million as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount of restricted cash included in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets was million. 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Foreign currency transaction losses included in selling, general and administrative expenses were million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 Bad debt (recovery) expense ) Amount of receivables written off ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 3. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Inventories 

4. 
 . Products covered by the defined warranty policies primarily include all Titleist golf products, FootJoy golf shoes and FootJoy golf outerwear. These product warranties generally obligate the Company to pay for the cost of replacement products, including the cost of shipping replacement products to its customers. The estimated cost of satisfying future warranty claims is accrued at the time the sale is recorded. In estimating future warranty obligations, the Company considers various factors, including its warranty policies and practices, the historical frequency of claims and the cost to replace or repair products under warranty. 
 Provision Claims paid/costs incurred ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 million multi-currency revolving credit facility, due to mature on August 2, 2027. On May 2, 2024, the Company entered into a third amendment (the Third Amendment to its Credit Agreement (as so amended, the Amended Credit Agreement ). On June 28, 2024, the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR ceased to be published (the CORRA Transition Date ). Pursuant to the Third Amendment, for loans denominated in Canadian dollars borrowed or continued after the CORRA Transition Date, the Adjusted CDOR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is replaced by adjusted term CORRA (the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered by Bank of Canada) plus a credit spread adjustment of (for a one-month Interest Period) or (for a three-month Interest Period) Adjusted Term CORRA ). The applicable margin for Adjusted Term CORRA loans remains to , depending on the Net Average Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement). 
 The Amended Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and restrictive covenants, including, among others, financial covenants based on the Company's leverage and interest coverage ratios. The Amended Credit Agreement also includes customary events of default, the occurrence of which, following any applicable cure period, would permit the lenders to, among other things, declare the principal, accrued interest and other obligations to be immediately due and payable. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under its Amended Credit Agreement. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were million and million, respectively, in outstanding borrowings under the Company's multi-currency revolving credit facility with a weighted average interest rate of and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had available borrowings under its multi-currency revolving credit facility of million after giving effect to million of outstanding letters of credit. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On October 3, 2023, Acushnet Company (the "Issuer"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, completed the issuance and sale of million in gross proceeds of the Issuer's senior unsecured notes due 2028 (the Notes ). The Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated October 3, 2023 (the Indenture ), among the Issuer, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee of the Notes, and the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Issuer as guarantors. The proceeds from the Notes offering were used to repay million of the outstanding borrowings under the Company's multi-currency revolving credit facility, as well as to pay fees and expenses related to the Notes offering. In connection with the Notes offering, the Company incurred fees and expenses of approximately million, of which approximately million was capitalized as debt issuance costs within long-term debt on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet and is being amortized to interest expense, net over the term of the Notes using the effective interest rate method. The fair value of the Notes, based on third-party quotes (Level 2), as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 The Notes bear interest at a stated interest rate of (an effective interest rate of per year, with interest payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on April 15, 2024. Accrued interest related to the Notes of million and million was included within accrued expenses and other liabilities on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The Indenture contains covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to incur additional debt or issue certain preferred stock; pay dividends or repurchase or redeem capital stock; prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; make loans and investments; sell assets; incur liens; enter into certain types of transactions with the Company s affiliates; and consolidate or merge with or into other companies. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Indenture. 
 Other Short-Term Borrowings 
 The Company has certain unsecured local credit facilities available through its subsidiaries. Amounts outstanding under other short-term borrowings are presented in short-term debt in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets with the proceeds and repayments presented on a gross basis in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. There were million and million in outstanding borrowings under the Company's local credit facilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The weighted average interest rate applicable to the outstanding borrowings was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had available borrowings remaining under these local credit facilities of million. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, was secured. These agreements provided a maximum commitment for letters of credit of million as of September 30, 2024. 

6. 
 months subsequent to the latest balance sheet date. The primary foreign exchange forward contracts pertain to the U.S. dollar, the Japanese yen, the British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Korean won and the euro. The gross U.S. dollar equivalent notional amount outstanding of all foreign exchange forward contracts designated under hedge accounting as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 Interest Rate Derivative Instruments 
 From time to time, the Company enters into interest rate swap contracts to reduce interest rate risk related to floating rate debt. Under the contracts, the Company pays fixed and receives variable rate interest, in effect converting a portion of its floating rate debt to fixed rate debt. Interest rate swap contracts are accounted for as cash flow hedges. The notional value of the Company's outstanding interest rate swap contracts was million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Impact on Financial Statements 
 Interest rate swap Accrued expenses and other liabilities Foreign exchange forward Interest rate swap Other noncurrent liabilities Foreign exchange forward Interest rate swap 
 16 

Table of Contents Interest rate swap ) Total ) 
 Gains and losses on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax at the time the forecasted hedged transaction impacts the statements of operations or at the time the hedge is determined to be ineffective. Based on the current valuation, during the next 12 months the Company expects to reclassify a net gain of million related to foreign exchange derivative instruments from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, into cost of goods sold and a net gain of less than million related to interest rate derivative instruments from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, into interest expense, net. For further information related to amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, see Note 12. 
 Selling, general and administrative (1) 
 ) ) Total Interest Rate Swap: Interest expense, net Total 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Credit Risk 
 The Company enters into derivative contracts with major financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings and is exposed to credit losses in the event of non-performance by these financial institutions. This credit risk is generally limited to the unrealized gains in the derivative contracts. However, the Company monitors the credit quality of these financial institutions, as well as its own credit quality, and considers the risk of counterparty default to be minimal. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 Prepaid and other assets Foreign exchange derivative instruments Prepaid and other assets Interest rate derivative instruments Prepaid and other assets Deferred compensation program assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities Foreign exchange derivative instruments Accrued expenses and other liabilities Interest rate derivative instruments Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred compensation program liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Foreign exchange derivative instruments Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities 
 Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2023 using: (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Balance Sheet Location Assets Rabbi trust Prepaid and other assets Foreign exchange derivative instruments Prepaid and other assets Interest rate derivative instruments Prepaid and other assets Deferred compensation program assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities Foreign exchange derivative instruments Accrued expenses and other liabilities Interest rate derivative instruments Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred compensation program liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Interest rate derivative instruments Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities 
 Rabbi trust assets are used to fund certain retirement obligations of the Company. The assets underlying the Rabbi trust are equity and fixed income exchange-traded funds. 
 Deferred compensation program assets and liabilities represent a program where select employees could defer compensation until termination of employment. Effective July 29, 2011, this program was amended to cease all employee compensation deferrals and provided for the distribution of all previously deferred employee compensation. The program remains in effect with respect to the value attributable to the employer match contributed prior to July 29, 2011. 
 Foreign exchange derivative instruments are foreign exchange forward contracts primarily used to limit currency risk that would otherwise result from changes in foreign exchange rates (Note 6). The Company uses the mid-price of foreign exchange forward rates as of the close of business on the valuation date to value each foreign exchange forward contract at each reporting period. 
 Interest rate derivative instruments are interest rate swap contracts used to reduce interest rate risk related to the Company's floating rate debt (Note 6). The valuation for the interest rate swap is calculated as the net of the discounted future cash flows of the pay and receive legs of the swap. Mid-market interest rates on the valuation date are used to create the forward curve for floating legs and discount curve. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Settlements Amortization of net loss (gain) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) 
 Pension Benefits Postretirement Benefits Nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Components of net periodic benefit cost (credit) Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Settlements ) Amortization of net loss (gain) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) 
 The non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost (credit) are included in other expense, net in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

9. 
 million to million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company s effective tax rate ("ETR") was for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Income tax expense increased million to million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company s ETR was for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The ETR for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 differed from the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to the impact of the U.S. deduction for foreign derived intangible income and federal and state tax credits, as well as the U.S. taxation of foreign income and the Company's geographic mix of income. The ETR for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 differed from the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to the impact of the U.S. deduction for foreign derived intangible income and federal and state tax credits, partially offset by the U.S. taxation of foreign income and the Company's geographic mix of income. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 Second Quarter First Quarter Total dividends declared in 2024 2023: Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Total dividends declared in 2023 
 During the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company's Board of Directors declared a dividend of per share of common stock to shareholders of record as of December 6, 2024 and payable on December 20, 2024. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Board of Directors had authorized the Company to repurchase up to billion of its issued and outstanding common stock. Share repurchases may be effected from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions, including transactions with affiliates, with the timing of purchases and the amount of stock purchased generally determined at the discretion of the Company consistent with the Company's general working capital needs and within the constraints of the Amended Credit Agreement and the Indenture (Note 5). This program may be extended or otherwise modified by the Board of Directors at any time and will remain in effect until completed or until terminated by the Board of Directors. 
 On June 16, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Magnus Holdings Co., Ltd. ("Magnus") to purchase from Magnus an equal amount of its common stock as it purchases on the open market over the period of time from July 1, 2022 through January 13, 2023, up to an aggregate of million, at the same weighted average per share price (the "2022 Agreement"). On August 30, 2022, the Company amended and restated the 2022 Agreement to increase the aggregate dollar amount of shares of its common stock that it would purchase from Magnus from million to million, (the "Amended and Restated 2022 Agreement"). In relation to this agreement, the Company recorded a share repurchase liability of million for shares of common stock, which was included in accrued expenses and other liabilities and treasury stock on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Between January 1, 2023 and January 13, 2023, the Company purchased an additional shares of its common stock on the open market for an aggregate of million, bringing the cumulative total open market purchases since the inception of the 2022 Agreement to million. As a result, on January 23, 2023, the Company purchased shares of its common stock from Magnus for an aggregate of million, in satisfaction of its obligation under the Amended and Restated 2022 Agreement. 
 On June 9, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Magnus to purchase from Magnus an equal amount of its common stock as it purchases on the open market over the period of time from June 12, 2023 through October 27, 2023, up to an aggregate of million, at the same weighted average per share price (the "2023 Agreement"). On November 3, 2023, the Company purchased shares of its common stock from Magnus for an aggregate of million in satisfaction of its obligation under the 2023 Agreement. 
 On March 14, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with Magnus to purchase from Magnus an equal amount of its common stock as it purchases on the open market over the period of time from April 1, 2024 through June 28, 2024, up to an aggregate of million, at the same weighted average per share price (the "March 2024 Agreement"). On July 10, 2024, the Company purchased shares of its common stock from Magnus for an aggregate of million in satisfaction of its obligation under the March 2024 Agreement. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million, at the same weighted average per share price (the "June 2024 Agreement"). In relation to this agreement, the Company recorded a share repurchase liability of million for shares of common stock, which was included in accrued expenses and other liabilities and treasury stock on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 Average price Aggregate value Shares repurchased from Magnus: Shares repurchased Average price (1) 
 Aggregate value Total shares repurchased: Shares repurchased Average price Aggregate value (2) 
 
 ___________________________________ 
 (1) In accordance with the share repurchase agreements, shares purchased from Magnus are accrued for at the same weighted average price as those purchased on the open market, as if the purchase from Magnus had occurred on the same day. As such, the average price of Magnus repurchases during any given period will differ from open market repurchases due to the settlement of the previously recorded share repurchase liability, as well as open market purchases made after the completion of the Magnus share repurchase agreements. 
 million and million related to shares repurchased not settled as of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million remaining under the current share repurchase authorization, including million related to the June 2024 Agreement. 
 Common Stock Retirement 
 The Company records retirements of repurchased common stock, upon either formal or constructive retirement, at cost and allocates the excess of the repurchase price over the par value of shares acquired to both retained earnings and additional paid-in capital. The portion allocated to additional paid-in capital is calculated on a pro rata basis of the shares to be retired and the total shares issued and outstanding as of the date of retirement. When shares of common stock are retired, they are deducted from the number of shares issued. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company presented as retired shares of its repurchased common stock with an aggregate value of million, including million of excise tax on the shares repurchased, which the company intends to formally retire in 2024. 

11. 
 , with one-third of each grant vesting annually, subject to the recipient's continued employment with the Company. RSUs granted to other employees, consultants and advisors of the Company vest in accordance with the terms of the grants, generally either over or, beginning in 2022, with one-third of each grant vesting annually, subject to the recipient s continued service to the Company. PSUs granted to Company officers and other 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 performance period, subject to the recipient's continued service to the Company. At the end of the performance period, the number of shares of common stock that could be issued is determined based upon the Company's performance against these targets. The number of shares that could be issued can range from to of the recipient's target award. Recipients of the awards granted under the 2015 Plan may elect to defer receipt of all or any portion of any shares of common stock issuable upon vesting to a future date elected by the recipient. 
 All RSUs and PSUs granted under the 2015 Plan have DERs, which entitle holders of RSUs and PSUs to the same dividend value per share as holders of common stock and can be paid in either cash or common stock. DERs are subject to the same vesting and other terms and conditions as the corresponding unvested RSUs and PSUs. DERs are paid when the underlying shares of common stock are delivered. 
 Granted Vested (1)(2) 
 ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes shares of common stock related to RSU's that were not delivered as of September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Based upon the Company s level of achievement of the applicable performance metrics, the recipients of the PSUs that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were entitled to receive shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares of common stock that had not been delivered in connection with the vesting of these PSUs. 
 (3) Number of PSUs reflects of the target level grant and may not be indicative of the performance level expected to be achieved. 
 PSUs 
 The remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs and unvested PSUs was million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2024, and is expected to be recognized over the related weighted average period of years and years, respectively. 
 Shares of common stock withheld by the Company as payment by employees in lieu of cash to satisfy tax withholding obligations 
 ) ) ) ) Net shares of common stock issued Cumulative undelivered shares of common stock 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general and administrative Research and development Total compensation expense before income tax Income tax benefit Total compensation expense, net of income tax 

12.) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Tax benefit Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 

13. 
 Weighted average number of common shares: Basic RSUs PSUs Diluted Net income per common share attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp.: Basic Diluted 
 23 

Table of Contents 

14. 
 reportable segments, organized on the basis of product categories: (i) Titleist golf balls, (ii) Titleist golf clubs, (iii) Titleist golf gear and (iv) FootJoy golf wear. 
 The CODM primarily evaluates performance using segment operating income. Segment operating income includes directly attributable expenses and certain shared costs of corporate administration that are allocated to the reportable segments, but excludes certain other costs, such as interest expense, net; restructuring costs; the non-service cost component of net periodic benefit cost; transaction fees; as well as certain other non-operating gains and losses that the Company does not allocate to the reportable segments. The CODM does not evaluate a measure of assets when assessing performance. 
 Results shown for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are not necessarily those which would be achieved if each segment was an unaffiliated business enterprise. There are no intersegment transactions. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Titleist golf clubs Titleist golf gear FootJoy golf wear Other Total net sales Segment operating income Titleist golf balls Titleist golf clubs Titleist golf gear FootJoy golf wear ) Other Total segment operating income Reconciling items: Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Non-service cost component of net periodic benefit cost ) ) ) ) Other (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Total income before income tax _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, includes million related to restructuring costs associated with the closure of certain production lines at the VIE's Fujian Fuh Deh Leh FDL factory (Note 16). 
 EMEA (1) 
 Japan Korea Rest of World Total net sales 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Europe, the Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") 
 In the fourth quarter of 2024, the CODM changed how they will evaluate the Company s performance and allocate resources as a result of ongoing strategic convergence between the golf ball and golf club businesses. Concurrently, the Company updated its internal reporting, including the information provided to the CODM and as such, expects to update its reportable segments in its annual report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2024. Following these changes, the Company will have reportable segments: (i) Titleist golf equipment, which will include the previous Titleist golf balls and Titleist golf clubs reportable segments, (ii) Golf gear and (iii) FootJoy golf wear. The Company s activities that do not meet the criteria to be considered a reportable segment will continue to be reported within Other. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) The reported amounts exclude those liabilities included in accounts payable or accrued liabilities on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 Litigation 

16. 
 million included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations. Accrued restructuring costs associated with the Plan are included within accrued expenses and other liabilities on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as they are expected to be paid out within a year. There are no further material costs expected to be incurred in relation to the Plan. See Note 1 for further information. 
 Provision Payments ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 million during the fourth quarter of 2024. The Company continues to evaluate the impact of the FDL Closure Plan, which may further impact the Company s financial position and results of operation in future periods. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 million including cash consideration of million and contingent consideration of million, which was subsequently paid in 2023. The trademarks acquired were included in the Company's Titleist golf gear reporting segment and will be amortized over a weighted average life of years. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion contains management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations and should be read together with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. You should carefully read Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements following the Table of Contents. Unless otherwise noted, the figures in the following discussion are unaudited. 
 
 Overview 
 We are the global leader in the design, development, manufacture and distribution of performance-driven golf products, and these products are widely recognized for their quality excellence. Today, we are the steward of two of the most revered brands in golf Titleist, one of golf s leading performance equipment brands, and FootJoy, one of golf s leading performance wearable brands. 
 Our target market is dedicated golfers, who are the cornerstone of the worldwide golf industry. These dedicated golfers are avid and skill-biased, prioritize performance and commit the time, effort and money to improve their game. We believe our focus on innovation and process excellence yields golf products that represent superior performance and consistent product quality, which are the key attributes sought after by dedicated golfers. Many of the game's professional players, who represent the most dedicated golfers, prefer our products, thereby validating our performance and quality promise while also driving brand awareness. We seek to leverage a pyramid of influence product and promotion strategy, whereby our products are the most played by the world's best players, creating aspirational appeal for a broad range of golfers who want to emulate the performance of the game's best players. 
 We believe our differentiated focus on performance and quality excellence, enduring connections with dedicated golfers, and favorable and market differentiating mix of consumable and durable products have been the key drivers of our solid financial performance. 
 Our net sales are diversified by both product category and mix, as well as geography. Our product categories include golf balls, golf clubs, wedges and putters, golf shoes, golf gloves, golf gear and golf outerwear and apparel. Our product portfolio contains a favorable mix of consumable products, which we consider to be golf balls and golf gloves, and more durable products, which we consider to be golf clubs, golf shoes, golf gear and golf outerwear and apparel. Our net sales are also diversified by geography with a substantial majority of our net sales generated in five countries: the United States, Japan, Korea, the United Kingdom and Canada. 
 We currently have the following reportable segments: (i) Titleist golf balls; (ii) Titleist golf clubs; (iii) Titleist golf gear; and (iv) FootJoy golf wear. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM changed how they will evaluate the Company s performance and allocate resources as a result of ongoing strategic convergence between the golf ball and golf club businesses. Concurrently, we updated our internal reporting, including the information provided to the CODM and as such, expect to update our reportable segments in our annual report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2024. Following these changes, we will have three reportable segments: (i) Titleist golf equipment, which will include the previous Titleist golf balls and Titleist golf clubs reportable segments, (ii) Golf gear and (iii) FootJoy golf wear. Our activities that do not meet the criteria to be considered a reportable segment will continue to be reported within Other. 
 Key Performance Measures 
 We use various financial metrics to measure and evaluate our business, including, among others: (i) net sales on a constant currency basis, (ii) Adjusted EBITDA on a consolidated basis, (iii) Adjusted EBITDA margin on a consolidated basis and (iv) segment operating income (loss). 
 Since a significant percentage of our net sales are generated outside of the United States, we use net sales on a constant currency basis to evaluate the sales performance of our business in period over period comparisons and to forecast our business going forward. Constant currency information allows us to estimate what our sales performance would have been without changes in foreign currency exchange rates. This information is calculated by taking the current period local currency net sales and translating them into U.S. dollars based upon the foreign currency exchange rates for the applicable comparable prior period. This constant currency information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for any measure derived in 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States U.S. GAAP ). Our presentation of constant currency information may not be consistent with the manner in which similar measures are derived or used by other companies. 
 We primarily use Adjusted EBITDA on a consolidated basis to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, assess our consolidated operating performance and make decisions regarding the pricing of our products, go-to-market execution and costs to incur across our business. We present Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our operating performance because it excludes the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. We define Adjusted EBITDA in a manner consistent with the term Consolidated EBITDA as it is defined in our credit agreement. Adjusted EBITDA represents net income (loss) attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. plus interest expense, net, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization and other items defined in our credit agreement, including: share-based compensation expense; restructuring and transformation costs; certain transaction fees; extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring losses or charges; indemnification expense (income); certain pension settlement costs; certain other non-cash (gains) losses, net and the net income (loss) relating to noncontrolling interests. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement of financial performance under U.S. GAAP. It should not be considered an alternative to net income (loss) attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. as a measure of our operating performance or any other measure of performance derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items, or affected by similar non-recurring items. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider such measure either in isolation or as a substitute for analyzing our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Our definition and calculation of Adjusted EBITDA is not necessarily comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies due to different methods of calculation. For a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp., see Results of Operations below. 
 We also use Adjusted EBITDA margin on a consolidated basis, which measures our Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales, because our management uses it to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, assess our consolidated operating performance and make decisions regarding pricing of our products, go-to-market execution and costs to incur across our business. We present Adjusted EBITDA margin as a supplemental measure of our operating performance because it excludes the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA margin is not a measurement of financial performance under U.S. GAAP. It should not be considered an alternative to any measure of performance derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA margin should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items, or affected by similar non-recurring items. Adjusted EBITDA margin has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider such measure either in isolation or as a substitute for analyzing our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Our definition and calculation of Adjusted EBITDA margin is not necessarily comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies due to different methods of calculation. 
 Lastly, we use segment operating income (loss) to evaluate and assess the performance of each of our reportable segments and to make budgeting decisions. Segment operating income (loss) includes directly attributable expenses and certain shared costs of corporate administration that are allocated to our reportable segments, but excludes interest expense, net; restructuring costs; the non-service cost component of net periodic benefit cost; transaction fees and certain other non-operating gains and losses as we do not allocate these to the reportable segments. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our results of operations. 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales 620,501 593,381 2,011,922 1,969,034 Cost of goods sold 283,126 284,859 924,854 926,317 Gross profit 337,375 308,522 1,087,068 1,042,717 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative 232,882 210,166 715,558 674,720 Research and development 18,923 16,239 51,516 47,286 Intangible amortization 3,503 3,512 10,523 10,712 Income from operations 82,067 78,605 309,471 309,999 Interest expense, net 13,187 9,389 40,367 30,234 Other expense, net 407 918 1,289 2,010 Income before income taxes 68,473 68,298 267,815 277,755 Income tax expense 13,198 11,252 57,817 52,726 Net income 55,275 57,046 209,998 225,029 Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 949 261 5,416 208 Net income attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. 56,224 57,307 215,414 225,237 Adjusted EBITDA: Net income attributable to Acushnet Holdings Corp. 56,224 57,307 215,414 225,237 Interest expense, net 13,187 9,389 40,367 30,234 Income tax expense 13,198 11,252 57,817 52,726 Depreciation and amortization 13,965 12,807 41,716 38,181 Share-based compensation 9,031 5,305 23,998 21,369 Restructuring costs (1) 
 432 (10) 7,525 709 Transformation costs (2)(3) 
 2,655 2,848 10,557 9,771 Other extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring items, net (349) 153 120 (382) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (949) (261) (5,416) (208) Adjusted EBITDA 107,394 98,790 392,098 377,637 Adjusted EBITDA margin 17.3 16.6 19.5 19.2 
 ________________________ 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, includes 7.0 million related to restructuring costs associated with the closure of certain production lines at our footwear manufacturing joint venture. 
 (2) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, includes 2.1 million and 8.0 million, respectively, related to the optimization of our information technology systems. 
 (3) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, includes costs associated with the optimization of our distribution and custom fulfillment capabilities. 

30 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net sales by reportable segment is summarized as follows: 
 Three months ended Constant Currency September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Increase/(Decrease) (in millions) 2024 2023 change change change change Titleist golf balls 190.6 192.6 (2.0) (1.0) (1.6) (0.8) Titleist golf clubs 213.9 181.0 32.9 18.2 33.8 18.7 Titleist golf gear 51.6 47.7 3.9 8.2 4.2 8.8 FootJoy golf wear 133.1 136.7 (3.6) (2.6) (3.2) (2.3) 
 Net sales information by region is summarized as follows: 
 Three months ended Constant Currency September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Increase/(Decrease) (in millions) 2024 2023 change change change change United States 374.2 352.5 21.7 6.2 21.7 6.2 EMEA (1) 
 75.5 75.6 (0.1) (0.1) (1.3) (1.7) Japan 41.7 39.0 2.7 6.9 4.1 10.5 Korea 67.1 65.7 1.4 2.1 3.6 5.5 Rest of World 62.0 60.6 1.4 2.3 1.3 2.1 Total net sales 620.5 593.4 27.1 4.6 29.4 5.0 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Europe, the Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") 
 Segment operating income (loss) by reportable segment is summarized as follows: 
 Three months ended (in millions) September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Segment operating income (loss) 2024 2023 change change Titleist golf balls 31.2 43.8 (12.6) (28.8) Titleist golf clubs 49.9 36.5 13.4 36.7 Titleist golf gear 4.2 0.8 3.4 FootJoy golf wear 0.5 (1.5) 2.0 133.3 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 Percentage change not meaningful 
 Net Sales 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net sales increased 4.6 , or 5.0 on a constant currency basis, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher sales volumes in Titleist golf clubs. 
 The increase in net sales in the United States was primarily the result of increases in Titleist golf clubs of 19.8 million and Titleist golf gear of 3.3 million. The increase in Titleist golf clubs was primarily due to higher sales volumes of our newly introduced GT drivers and fairways, partially offset by lower sales volumes of our T-Series irons. The increase in Titleist golf gear was primarily due to higher sales volumes in travel and golf bags product categories. FootJoy golf wear net sales were flat as lower sales volumes in apparel were largely offset by higher average selling prices in footwear. 
 Net sales in regions outside the United States increased 2.2 , or 3.2 on a constant currency basis, due to higher net sales in Japan, Korea and Rest of World, partially offset by lower net sales in EMEA. In Japan, the increase was primarily due to higher net sales in Titleist golf clubs, partially offset by lower net sales in FootJoy golf wear, primarily footwear. In Korea, the increase was primarily due to higher net sales in Titleist golf clubs and Titleist golf gear, partially offset by lower net sales in Titleist golf balls. In Rest of World, the increase was primarily due to higher net sales of Titleist golf clubs partially offset by lower net sales in FootJoy golf wear, primarily footwear. In EMEA, the decrease in net sales was primarily due to lower net sales of products that are not allocated to one of our four reportable segments, partially offset by higher net sales in Titleist golf balls and Titleist golf clubs. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit increased 28.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin increased to 54.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 52.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross profit primarily resulted from an increase of 22.9 million in Titleist golf clubs, primarily due to the sales volume increase discussed previously; an increase of 5.2 million in Titleist golf gear, primarily due to the sales volume increase discussed previously, as well as lower cost of customization; and an increase of 3.0 million in FootJoy golf wear, primarily due to higher average selling prices. The increase in gross profit was partially offset by a decrease of 2.3 million in Titleist golf balls, primarily due to lower sales volumes of our performance models. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher sales volumes and favorable product mix in Titleist golf clubs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses increased 22.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily a result of increases of 9.4 million in selling expense, 8.1 million in administrative expense and 3.4 million in advertising and promotional expenses. The increase in selling expense and administrative expense was primarily due to higher employee-related expenses. The increase in advertising and promotional expenses was primarily related to higher professional tour expenses and new product launches, largely in Titleist golf clubs. SG A expenses also include a decrease in gains on foreign exchange forward contracts of 2.7 million, offset in part by a decrease of 0.9 million in foreign currency transaction losses. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses increased 2.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of increases in employee-related expenses and additional costs to support product introductions. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Interest expense, net increased 3.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in borrowings. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense increased 1.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our effective tax rate ETR was 19.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 16.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change in the ETR was primarily driven by changes in our jurisdictional mix of earnings. 
 Segment Results 
 Titleist Golf Balls Segment 
 Net sales in our Titleist golf balls segment decreased 1.0 , or 0.8 on a constant currency basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower sales volumes of our performance models. 
 Operating income in our Titleist golf balls segment decreased 12.6 million, or 28.8 , compared to the prior year period. The decrease in operating income was primarily due to higher operating expenses of 10.3 million and a decrease of 2.3 million in gross profit. The decrease in gross profit was driven by the lower sales volumes discussed previously and unfavorable manufacturing overhead absorption. Higher operating expenses were the result of increases of 3.8 million, 2.9 million, 2.2 million and 1.3 million in administrative expense, selling expense, advertising and promotional expenses, and research and development expenses, respectively. 
 Titleist Golf Clubs Segment 
 Net sales in our Titleist golf clubs segment increased 18.2 , or 18.7 on a constant currency basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was largely driven by higher sales volumes of our newly introduced GT drivers and fairways launched in the third quarter of 2024, partially offset by lower sales volumes of our T-Series irons. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Operating income in our Titleist golf clubs segment increased 13.4 million, or 36.7 compared to the prior year period. The increase in operating income primarily resulted from an increase of 22.9 million in gross profit, partially offset by higher operating expenses of 9.5 million. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by the higher sales volumes and favorable product mix discussed previously. Higher operating expenses were primarily a result of increases of 5.2 million, 1.7 million, 1.5 million and 1.2 million in selling expense, administrative expense, advertising and promotional expenses, and research and development expenses, respectively. 
 Titleist Golf Gear Segment 
 Net sales in our Titleist golf gear segment increased 8.2 , or 8.8 on a constant currency basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by higher sales volumes in travel and golf bags product categories. 
 Operating income in our Titleist golf gear segment increased 3.4 million compared to the prior year period, largely as a result of an increase of 5.2 million in gross profit primarily driven by the higher sales volumes and lower cost of customization discussed previously. An increase in operating expenses of 1.8 million partially offset the increase in gross profit. 
 FootJoy Golf Wear Segment 
 Net sales in our FootJoy golf wear segment decreased 2.6 , or 2.3 on a constant currency basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was largely due to lower sales volumes, mainly in footwear and apparel, partially offset by higher average selling prices across all product categories. 
 Operating income in our FootJoy golf wear segment increased 2.0 million, or 133.3 compared to the prior year period. The increase in operating income primarily resulted from an increase of 3.0 million in gross profit, partially offset by higher operating expenses of 1.1 million. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to higher average selling prices. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net sales by reportable segment is summarized as follows: 
 Nine months ended Constant Currency September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Increase/(Decrease) (in millions) 2024 2023 change change change change Titleist golf balls 646.0 622.1 23.9 3.8 29.0 4.7 Titleist golf clubs 595.3 549.8 45.5 8.3 51.3 9.3 Titleist golf gear 188.7 184.6 4.1 2.2 5.9 3.2 FootJoy golf wear 482.8 500.2 (17.4) (3.5) (13.8) (2.8) 
 Net sales information by region is summarized as follows: 
 Nine months ended Constant Currency September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Increase/(Decrease) (in millions) 2024 2023 change change change change United States 1,201.0 1,123.8 77.2 6.9 77.2 6.9 EMEA (1) 
 263.9 266.5 (2.6) (1.0) (6.0) (2.3) Japan 108.7 118.2 (9.5) (8.0) 0.5 0.4 Korea 226.2 241.3 (15.1) (6.3) (6.4) (2.7) Rest of World 212.1 219.2 (7.1) (3.2) (4.2) (1.9) Total net sales 2,011.9 1,969.0 42.9 2.2 61.1 3.1 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Europe, the Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Segment operating income by reportable segment is summarized as follows: 
 Nine months ended (in millions) September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Segment operating income 2024 2023 change change Titleist golf balls 134.3 131.6 2.7 2.1 Titleist golf clubs 124.7 118.5 6.2 5.2 Titleist golf gear 28.3 26.7 1.6 6.0 FootJoy golf wear 34.8 32.9 1.9 5.8 
 
 Net Sales 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net sales increased 2.2 , or 3.1 on a constant currency basis, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by higher sales volumes in Titleist golf clubs, Titleist golf balls and Titleist golf gear, partially offset by lower sales volumes in FootJoy golf wear. A decline in sales volumes of products that are not allocated to one of our four reportable segments also contributed to the change in net sales. 
 The increase in net sales in the United States was due to increases across all reportable segments as a result of increases in Titleist golf clubs of 30.9 million, Titleist golf balls of 30.5 million, Titleist golf gear of 8.8 million and FootJoy golf wear of 5.5 million. The increase in Titleist golf clubs was primarily driven by higher sales volumes of our SM10 wedges and newly introduced GT drivers and fairways, partially offset by lower sales volumes of hybrids which are in their second model year. The increase in Titleist golf balls was primarily driven by higher sales volumes of Pro V1 and Pro V1x. The increase in Titleist golf gear was primarily due to higher sales volumes in travel product categories. The increase in FootJoy golf wear was largely due to higher average selling prices across all product categories, primarily in apparel. 
 Net sales in regions outside the United States decreased 4.1 , or 1.9 on a constant currency basis, primarily due to lower net sales in Korea, EMEA and Rest of World. In Korea, the decrease was primarily due to lower net sales of products that are not allocated to one of our four reportable segments, lower net sales in FootJoy golf wear, primarily apparel, and lower net sales in Titleist golf balls, partially offset by higher net sales in Titleist golf clubs. In EMEA, the decrease was primarily due to lower net sales in FootJoy golf wear, primarily footwear and apparel, as well as lower net sales of products that are not allocated to one of our four reportable segments, partially offset by an increase in net sales in Titleist golf clubs. In Rest of World, the decrease was primarily due to lower net sales in FootJoy golf wear, primarily footwear and apparel, partially offset by higher net sales in Titleist golf clubs. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit increased 44.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin increased to 54.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 53.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross profit was primarily the result of increases in Titleist golf clubs of 25.3 million, Titleist golf balls of 19.0 million and Titleist golf gear of 9.0 million, largely due to the sales volume changes discussed previously and lower manufacturing costs in Titleist golf balls. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in FootJoy golf wear of 2.2 million, primarily due to the sales volume change discussed previously and unfavorable manufacturing overhead absorption. A decrease in gross profit of products not allocated to one of our four reportable segments also contributed to the change in gross profit. The increase in gross margin was primarily driven by a favorable product mix shift and lower manufacturing costs in Titleist golf balls. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 SG A expenses increased 40.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to an increase of 13.2 million in selling expense, an increase of 13.0 million in administrative expense, 7.0 million of restructuring costs related to our footwear manufacturing joint venture, as well as an increase of 6.9 million in advertising and promotional expenses and includes the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The increase in selling expense was primarily due to higher employee-related expenses, partially offset by lower retail commission expense in Korea. Administrative expense increased primarily due to higher employee and information technology-related expenses. The increase in advertising and promotional expenses was primarily related to higher professional tour expenses and new product launches, largely in Titleist golf clubs. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses increased 4.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of increases in employee-related expenses and additional costs to support product introductions. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Interest expense, net increased 10.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in borrowings and interest rates. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense increased 5.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our ETR was 21.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 19.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in ETR was primarily driven by changes in our jurisdictional mix of earnings. 
 Segment Results 
 Titleist Golf Balls Segment 
 Net sales in our Titleist golf balls segment increased 3.8 , or 4.7 on a constant currency basis, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by higher sales volumes of Pro V1 and Pro V1x, and our latest generation AVX, Tour Soft and TruFeel models launched in the first quarter of 2024. 
 Operating income in our Titleist golf balls segment increased 2.7 million, or 2.1 compared to the prior year period. The increase in operating income resulted from higher gross profit of 19.0 million, partially offset by higher operating expenses of 16.6 million. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by the higher sales volumes and lower manufacturing costs discussed previously. Higher operating expenses were primarily a result of increases of 7.0 million, 6.2 million, 2.2 million and 1.2 million in administrative expense, selling expense, research and development expenses, and advertising and promotional expenses, respectively. 
 Titleist Golf Clubs Segment 
 Net sales in our Titleist golf clubs segment increased 8.3 , or 9.3 on a constant currency basis, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was largely due to higher sales volumes of our SM10 wedges launched in the first quarter of 2024 and our newly introduced GT drivers and fairways launched in the third quarter of 2024. This increase was partially offset by lower sales volumes of hybrids and irons. 
 Operating income in our Titleist golf clubs segment increased 6.2 million, or 5.2 compared to the prior year period. The increase in operating income resulted from higher gross profit of 25.3 million, partially offset by higher operating expenses of 19.1 million. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to the higher sales volumes discussed previously. Higher operating expenses were primarily a result of increases of 9.4 million, 5.5 million, 2.5 million and 1.6 million in selling expense, advertising and promotional expenses, administrative expense, and research and development expenses, respectively. 
 Titleist Golf Gear Segment 
 Net sales in our Titleist golf gear segment increased 2.2 , or 3.2 on a constant currency basis, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven by higher sales volumes in travel product categories and higher average selling prices across all product categories, partially offset by lower sales volumes in golf bags. 
 Operating income in our Titleist golf gear segment increased 1.6 million, or 6.0 compared to the prior year period. The increase in operating income resulted from higher gross profit of 9.0 million, partially offset by higher operating expenses of 7.2 million. The increase in gross profit was largely due to the higher net sales discussed previously and lower cost of customization. Operating expenses increased primarily due to higher selling expense of 4.8 million, mainly due to an increase in distribution expense, and higher administrative expense of 1.3 million. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 FootJoy Golf Wear Segment 
 Net sales in our FootJoy golf wear segment decreased 3.5 , or 2.8 on a constant currency basis, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower sales volumes across all product categories, partially offset by higher average selling prices in apparel. 
 Operating income in our FootJoy golf wear segment increased 1.9 million, or 5.8 compared to the prior year period. The increase in operating income resulted from lower operating expenses of 4.1 million, largely offset by lower gross profit of 2.2 million. Gross profit decreased primarily as a result of the sales volume decrease and unfavorable manufacturing overhead absorption discussed previously, partially offset by higher average selling prices in apparel. Lower operating expenses were primarily a result of decreases of 5.5 million and 1.1 million in selling expense and advertising and promotional expenses, respectively, partially offset by an increase of 2.3 million in administrative expense. The decrease in selling expense was largely due to lower distribution expense and lower retail commission expense in Korea. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary cash needs relate to working capital, capital expenditures, servicing our debt, paying dividends, repurchasing shares of our common stock and pension contributions. Additionally, from time to time, we may make strategic acquisitions and investments to complement our products, technologies or businesses, which could impact our liquidity needs. We expect to rely on cash flows from operations and borrowings under our multi-currency revolving credit facility and local credit facilities as our primary sources of liquidity. 
 Our liquidity is impacted by our level of working capital, which is cyclical as a result of the general seasonality of our business. Our accounts receivable balance is generally at its highest starting at the end of the first quarter and continuing through the second quarter, and declines during the third and fourth quarters as a result of both an increase in cash collections and lower sales. Our inventory balance also fluctuates as a result of the seasonality of our business. Generally, our buildup of inventory starts during the fourth quarter and continues through the first quarter and into the beginning of the second quarter in order to meet demand for our initial sell-in during the first quarter and reorders in the second quarter. Both accounts receivable and inventory balances are impacted by the timing of new product launches. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 97.3 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents (including 13.0 million attributable to our FootJoy golf shoe variable interest entity). As of September 30, 2024, 95.6 of our total unrestricted cash and cash equivalents was held by subsidiaries in regions outside of the United States, including our FootJoy golf shoe variable interest entity. We manage our worldwide cash requirements by monitoring the funds available among our subsidiaries and determining the extent to which we can access those funds on a cost-effective basis. We are not aware of any restrictions on repatriation of these funds and, subject to foreign withholding taxes, those funds could be repatriated, if necessary. We have repatriated, and intend to repatriate, funds to the United States from time to time to satisfy domestic liquidity needs arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 Macroeconomic factors could impact our results of operations in ways we cannot currently predict. Nonetheless, we believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities, together with our cash on hand and the availability of borrowings under our revolving credit facility and our local credit facilities (subject to customary borrowing conditions) will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations is, however, subject to many risks and uncertainties, including current and future economic trends and conditions, demand for our products, availability and cost of our raw materials and components, foreign currency exchange rates and other risks and uncertainties applicable to our business, as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Debt and Financing Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 586.7 million of availability under our multi-currency revolving credit facility after giving effect to 3.9 million of outstanding letters of credit. Additionally, we had 41.5 million of availability under certain local credit facilities of our subsidiaries. 
 The credit agreement governing our multi-currency revolving credit facility contains customary affirmative and restrictive covenants, including, among others, financial covenants based on our leverage and interest coverage ratios. This credit agreement also includes customary events of default, the occurrence of which, following any applicable cure period, would permit the lenders to, among other things, declare the principal, accrued interest and other obligations to be immediately due and payable. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants under our credit agreement. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The indenture governing our senior unsecured notes contains covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to incur additional debt or issue certain preferred stock; pay dividends or repurchase or redeem capital stock; prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; make loans and investments; sell assets; incur liens; enter into certain types of transactions with the Company s affiliates; and consolidate or merge with or into other companies. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants under the indenture. 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 5 Debt and Financing Arrangements, Item 1 of Part I included elsewhere in this report and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 11 Debt and Financing Arrangements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a description of our debt and financing arrangements. Additionally, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Indebtedness as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for further discussion surrounding the risks and uncertainties related to our debt and financing arrangements. 
 Dividends and Share Repurchase Program 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid dividends on our common stock of 41.3 million to our shareholders. During the fourth quarter of 2024, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.215 per share of common stock to shareholders of record as of December 6, 2024 and payable on December 20, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Board of Directors had authorized us to repurchase up to an aggregate of 1.0 billion of our issued and outstanding common stock. 
 On March 14, 2024, we entered into an agreement with Magnus Holdings Co., Ltd. ("Magnus") to purchase from Magnus an equal amount of our common stock as we purchase on the open market over the period of time from April 1, 2024 through June 28, 2024, up to an aggregate of 37.5 million, at the same weighted average per share price (the "March 2024 Agreement"). 
 On June 14, 2024, we entered into an agreement with Magnus to purchase from Magnus an equal amount of our common stock as we purchase on the open market over the period of time from July 1, 2024 through December 31, 2024, up to an aggregate of 62.5 million, at the same weighted average per share price (the "June 2024 Agreement"). In relation to this agreement, we recorded a liability of 32.5 million to purchase an additional 493,040 shares of common stock from Magnus as of September 30, 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 2,215,313 shares of common stock at an average price of 64.47 for an aggregate of 142.8 million. Included in this amount were 587,520 shares of our common stock repurchased from Magnus for an aggregate of 37.5 million, in satisfaction of our obligations pursuant to the March 2024 Agreement. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 232.2 million remaining under the current share repurchase authorization, including 62.5 million related to the June 2024 Agreement. 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 10 Common Stock, Item 1 of Part I included elsewhere in this report for a description of our share repurchase program and Magnus share repurchase agreements. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We made 42.5 million of capital expenditures during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Capital expenditures for the full year are expected to be approximately 80.0 million, although the actual amount may vary depending upon a variety of factors, including the timing of certain capital project implementations and receipt of capital purchases. Capital expenditures generally relate to investments to support the manufacturing and distribution of products, our go-to-market activities and continued investments in information technology and facilities to support our global strategic initiatives. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table presents the major components of net cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated: 
 Nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from: Operating activities 246,228 296,930 Investing activities (42,522) (68,554) Financing activities (171,675) (229,202) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 1,596 (1,312) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 33,627 (2,138) 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by decreases in net income and deferred income tax expense, as well as changes in working capital. At any specific point in time, working capital is subject to many variables, including seasonality and inventory management, the timing of cash receipts and payments, vendor payment terms and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 The decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by cash paid for the acquisition of trademarks related to our gear business during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 The decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by a decrease in cash paid for purchases of our common stock, offset by an increase in payments of employee restricted stock tax withholdings. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2024, other than as discussed above, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates from the information provided in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 We have reviewed all recently issued accounting standards and have determined that, other than as disclosed in "Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," Item 1 of Part I included elsewhere in this report, such accounting standards will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements or otherwise do not apply to our operations. 
 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to various market risks, which may result in potential losses arising from adverse changes in market rates, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and commodity prices and availability, as well as inflation risk. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes and do not believe we are exposed to material market risk with respect to our cash and cash equivalents. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk under our various credit facilities which accrue interest at variable rates, as described in "Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 5 Debt and Financing Arrangements, Item 1 of Part I, included elsewhere in this report. Interest rate risk is highly sensitive due to many factors, including U.S. monetary and tax policies, U.S. and international economic factors and other factors beyond our control. We are exposed to changes in the level of interest rates and to changes in the relationship or spread between interest rates for our floating rate debt. Our floating rate debt requires payments based on a variable interest rate index. Increases in interest rates may reduce our net income by increasing the cost of our debt. 
 From time to time, we enter into interest rate swap contracts to reduce our interest rate risk. Under these contracts, we pay fixed and receive variable rate interest, in effect converting a portion of our floating rate debt to fixed rate debt. As of September 30, 2024, the notional value of our outstanding interest rate swap contract was 100.0 million. See "Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Note 6 Derivative Financial Instruments," Item 1 of Part I, included elsewhere in this report for further discussion of our interest rate swap contract. 
 We performed a sensitivity analysis to assess the potential effect of a hypothetical movement in interest rates on our annual pre-tax interest expense. As of September 30, 2024, we had 283.7 million of outstanding indebtedness at variable interest rates after giving effect to 100.0 million of hedged floating rate indebtedness. The sensitivity analysis, while not predictive in nature, indicated that a one percentage point increase in the interest rate applied to these borrowings as of September 30, 2024 would have resulted in an increase of 2.8 million in our annual pre-tax interest expense. This sensitivity analysis disregards fluctuations in balances of our outstanding variable rate indebtedness due to borrowings and repayments throughout the year. 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 We are exposed to foreign currency transaction risk related to transactions denominated in a currency other than functional currency. In addition, we are exposed to currency translation risk resulting from the translation of the financial results of our consolidated subsidiaries from their functional currency into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. 
 We use financial instruments to reduce the earnings and shareholders' equity volatility relating to transaction risk. The principal financial instruments we enter into on a routine basis are foreign exchange forward contracts, primarily pertaining to the U.S. dollar, the Japanese yen, the British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Korean won and the euro. The periods of the foreign exchange forward contracts designated as hedges correspond to the periods of the forecasted hedged transactions, which do not exceed 24 months subsequent to the latest balance sheet date. We do not enter into derivative financial instrument contracts for trading or speculative purposes. 
 We performed a sensitivity analysis to assess potential changes in the fair value of our foreign exchange forward contracts relating to a hypothetical movement in foreign currency exchange rates. The gross U.S. dollar equivalent notional amount of all foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding at September 30, 2024 was 234.3 million, representing a net settlement liability of 3.4 million. The sensitivity analysis of changes in the fair value of our foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding as of September 30, 2024, while not predictive in nature, indicated that the net settlement liability of 3.4 million would increase by 18.3 million resulting in a net settlement liability of 21.7 million, if the U.S. dollar uniformly weakened by 10 against all currencies covered by our contracts. 
 The sensitivity analysis described above recalculates the fair value of the foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding by replacing the actual foreign currency exchange rates and current month forward rates with foreign currency exchange rates and forward rates that reflect a 10 weakening of the U.S. dollar against all currencies covered by our contracts. All other factors are held constant. The sensitivity analysis disregards the possibility that foreign currency exchange rates can move in opposite directions and that gains from one currency may or may not be offset by losses from another currency. The analysis also disregards the offsetting change in value of the underlying hedged transactions and balances. 
 The financial markets and currency volatility may limit our ability to cost-effectively hedge these exposures. The counterparties to derivative contracts are major financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings. We monitor the credit quality of these financial institutions on an ongoing basis. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Commodity Risk 
 We are exposed to commodity price and availability risks with respect to certain materials and components used by us, our suppliers and our manufacturers, including polybutadiene, urethane and ionomers for the manufacturing of our golf balls, titanium and steel for our golf clubs, leather and synthetic fabrics for our golf shoes, golf gloves, golf gear and golf apparel, and resin and other petroleum-based materials for a number of our products. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Our results of operations and financial condition are presented based on historical cost, and inflation in the cost of our products, overhead costs or wage rates may adversely affect our operating results. While it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation due to the imprecise nature of the estimates required, we believe that inflation in the form of increased raw materials and other input costs, including inbound freight and wage rates, have impacted our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Sustained and higher inflationary environments, including increased raw material and other input costs, could materially impact our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows in the future. 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We are party to lawsuits associated with the normal conduct of our businesses and operations. It is not possible to predict the outcome of the pending actions, and, as with any litigation, it is possible that some of these actions could be decided unfavorably. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider each of the risk factors included in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as the other information set forth in this report. There have been no material changes to the risk factors as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The following table provides information relating to the Company s purchase of common stock for the third quarter of 2024: 
 Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (2) 
 (in thousands) 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 (1) 
 755,220 64.30 755,220 253,618 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 165,500 67.21 165,500 242,495 September 1, 2024- September 30, 2024 159,840 64.69 159,840 232,155 Total 1,080,560 64.80 1,080,560 
 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) On March 14, 2024, we entered into an agreement with Magnus Holdings Co., Ltd. ("Magnus") to purchase from Magnus an equal amount of our common stock as we purchase on the open market over the period of time from April 1, 2024 through June 28, 2024, up to an aggregate of 37.5 million, at the same weighted average per share price ("March 2024 Agreement"). On July 10, 2024, we purchased 587,520 shares of our common stock from Magnus for an aggregate of 37.5 million in satisfaction of our obligation under the March 2024 Agreement. 
 (2) On June 14, 2024, we entered into an agreement with Magnus to purchase from Magnus an equal amount of our common stock as we purchase on the open market over the period of time from July 1, 2024 through December 31, 2024, up to an aggregate of 62.5 million, at the same weighted average per share price. In relation to this agreement, we recorded a liability of 32.5 million to purchase an additional 493,040 shares of common stock from Magnus as of September 30, 2024. 

ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None. 

ITEM 5. Other Information 
 None. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 10.1 
 Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2024, between Acushnet Holdings Corp. and Magnus Holdings Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2024) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 31.2 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ACUSHNET HOLDINGS CORP. Dated: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ David Maher David Maher President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Sean Sullivan Sean Sullivan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311-10qxq32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, David Maher, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Acushnet Holdings Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 s DAVID MAHER Name David Maher President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312-10qxq32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Sean Sullivan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Acushnet Holdings Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 s SEAN SULLIVAN Name Sean Sullivan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321-10qxq32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORTS 
 
 I, David Maher, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Acushnet Holdings Corp. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s DAVID MAHER Name David Maher President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex322-10qxq32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORTS 
 
 I, Sean Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Acushnet Holdings Corp. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 s SEAN SULLIVAN Name Sean Sullivan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 golf-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 golf-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 golf-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 golf-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 golf-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

