<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1527728_0001731122-24-001811.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4259842</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>165357</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>961343</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>969423</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>984087</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1091098</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-24-001811.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114163819
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-24-001811
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RENOVARO INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001527728
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				452259340
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38758
		FILM NUMBER:		241463482

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CENTURY CITY MEDICAL PLAZA
		STREET 2:		2080 CENTURY CITY EAST
		CITY:			SUITE 906 LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		45 39179840

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CENTURY CITY MEDICAL PLAZA
		STREET 2:		2080 CENTURY CITY EAST
		CITY:			SUITE 906 LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RENOVARO BIOSCIENCES INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230807

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Enochian Biosciences Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230804

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Renovaro Biosciences Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230802

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-24-001811.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 e6117_10-q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

+1( 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

N/A 

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

As of November 11, 2024, the number of shares of the
registrant s Common Stock outstanding was . 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

- INDEX - 

Page 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION: 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited): 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and June 30, 2024 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 7 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 32 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION: 
 33 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 35 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 35 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 35 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 35 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 36 

Signatures 
 37 

i 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and in accordance with
the instructions for Form 10-Q. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting
principles for complete financial statements. 

In the opinion of management, the
financial statements contain all material adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the Company for the interim periods presented. 

The results for the period ended
September 30, 2024, are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for the full year. These financial statements and related
footnotes should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company s Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 10, 2024. 

1 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September
 30, 
 June
 30, 

2024 
 2024 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

CURRENT
 ASSETS: 

Cash 

Insurance
 receivable 

Prepaids
 and other assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

Property
 and equipment, net 

OTHER
 ASSETS: 

Definite
 life intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Deposits
 and other assets 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Total
 Other Assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES: 

Accounts
 payable trade 

Accrued
 expenses 

Other
 current liabilities 

Contingent
 consideration liability 

Convertible
 notes payable 

Current
 portion of operating lease liabilities 

Notes
 payable related parties, net 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

NON-CURRENT
 LIABILITIES: 

Operating
 lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total
 Non-Current Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (Note 7) 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY: 

Preferred
 stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding 

Common
 Stock, par value ,
 
 shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding at September
 30, 2024, and 
 shares issued and outstanding at June 30,
 2024 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

2 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Goodwill impairment 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

Other Income (Expense) 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Interest expense 

Interest income and other income (expense) 

Total Other Income (Expense) 

NET LOSS 

BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER SHARE 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING - BASIC AND DILUTED 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

3 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Net Loss 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Foreign Currency Translation, net of taxes 

Comprehensive Loss 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

4 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 (UNAUDITED) 

# of Series A Preferred Shares 
 Series A Preferred Shares Amount 
 # of Common Shares 
 Common Shares Amount 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Total 
 
 July 1, 2023 

Issuance of preferred stock and warrants in private placement 

Issuance of preferred stock and warrants for conversion of 2 million note 

Restricted shares issued for services rendered 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

September 30, 2023 

July 1, 2024 

Issuance of common stock under private placement offering 

Restricted shares issued for services rendered 

Forfeited shares of common stock 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

September 30, 2024 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

5 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

ADJUSTMENTS TO RECONCILE NET LOSS TO NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Changed in value of contingent consideration 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Restricted shares for services rendered 

Goodwill impairment 

Amortization of discount of notes payable 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses/deposits 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Operating leases, net 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Notes receivable 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible promissory notes 

Repayment of finance agreement 

Proceeds from private placement 

Proceeds from notes payable 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Effect of exchange rates on cash 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Conversion of note payable for issuance of preferred stock 

Debt discount related to convertible promissory notes 

Cancellation of restricted stock awards 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

6 

RENOVARO INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

In December
2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures , which enhances
the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures by requiring; (1) consistent categories and greater disaggregation
of information in the rate reconciliation and (2) income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. It also includes certain other amendments
to improve the effectiveness of income tax disclosures. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2025, with
early adoption permitted. These amendments are to be applied prospectively, with retrospective application permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact this standard will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 The Company
currently believes there are no other issued and not yet effective accounting standards that are materially relevant to our condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

 and for the quarters ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of and an accumulated deficit of
 and a working capital deficit of . These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern for one year after the date the financial statements are issued. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue in existence. 

Management has reduced overhead and administrative costs by streamlining the organization
to focus around the development and validation of its AI-driven cancer diagnostics platform. The Company has tailored its workforce to
focus on these activities. In addition, the Company intends to secure additional required funding through equity or debt financing. However,
there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain any sources of funding. Such additional funding may not be available
or may not be available on reasonable terms, and, in the case of equity financing transactions, could result in significant additional
dilution to our stockholders. If we do not obtain required additional equity or debt funding, our cash resources will be depleted and
we could be required to materially reduce or suspend operations, which would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, stock
price and our relationships with third parties with whom we have business relationships, at least until additional funding is obtained.
If we do not have sufficient funds to continue operations, we could be required to seek bankruptcy protection or other alternatives that
could result in our stockholders losing some or all of their investment in us. 

Funding that we may receive during the fiscal year
2025 is expected to be used to satisfy existing and future obligations and liabilities and working capital needs, to support commercialization
of our products, to conduct the clinical and regulatory work to develop our product candidates, and to begin building working capital
reserves. 

Level 1. Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level 2. Inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

Level 3. Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

There were no Level 1, 2 or 3 assets,
nor any Level 1 or 2 liabilities as of September 30, 2024. 

Unless otherwise disclosed, the
fair value of the Company s financial instruments including cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued
expenses, lease obligations and notes payable approximate their recorded values due to their short-term maturities. 

Level 3 liabilities held as of September 30, 2024, consisted of a contingent consideration
liability related to the February 13, 2014 acquisition of Renovaro Cube, (the Acquisition ).
As consideration for the Acquisition, the stockholders of Renovaro Cube received (i) 70,834,183 shares of Common Stock, and (ii) the right
to receive contingent shares pro rata upon the exercise of convertible notes, options, and warrants, which were outstanding at closing.
The contingent consideration liability was recorded at fair value of 20,557,500 at the time of the Acquisition and is subsequently remeasured
to fair value at the end of each reporting period. As of September 30, 2024, there were 7,613,301 contingent shares issuable in connection
with the Acquisition. 

The fair value of the contingent consideration liability is estimated using
a Black-Scholes option-pricing model and a Monte-Carlo option pricing model. The key inputs to the model are all contractual or observable
with the exception being volatility, which is computed based on the volatility of the Company s underlying stock. The key inputs
to valuing the contingent consideration liability as of September 30, 2024, were: 

Exercise Price 
 - 
 
 Volatility 
 - 
 
 Risk Free Rate 
 - 
 
 Expected Dividends 

Expected Term (years) 

The following table sets forth
the Level 3 liability at September 30, 2024, which is recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value on a recurring basis.
As required, this liability is classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement: 

Fair value adjustment 

Contingent Consideration Liability at September 30, 2024 

. 

Impairment During the quarter ended September
30, 2024, the results of the assessment indicated that the carrying value of the RENC reporting unit exceeded its fair value, due to the
changes in the projected economic benefits to be realized from this reporting unit. Management concluded the significant driver for the
change in the economic benefits was due to the Company s continued inability to raise capital for the further development of the
technologies within this reporting unit. Therefore, an impairment adjustment of was recorded for the period ended September
30, 2024. 

At September 30, 2024 and June
30, 2024, definite-life and indefinite-life intangible assets consisted of the following: 

Years 

Less Accumulated Amortization 

Net Definite-Life Intangible Assets 

Goodwill 

Goodwill 

Total Goodwill 

Expected future amortization expense is as follows: 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total 

(the January 2024 Note ). The Company received a total of in gross proceeds. The
January 2024 Note bears an interest rate of per annum and shall mature on . The Company is required to pay interest
quarterly, in arrears, in cash, on the first day of each quarter of each year following the issue date prior to the maturity of the January
2024 Note. The January 2024 Note is convertible either at the option of the holder or automatically upon maturity into shares of the Company s
Common Stock at the Note Conversion Price of . 

December 2023 Notes 
 On December 20, 2023, the Company entered into Subscription Agreements to purchase Convertible Promissory Notes for an aggregate
principal amount of (the December 2023 Notes ). The Company received a total of from the private placement
between December 2023 and January 2024. per annum and shall mature one year
after their respective dates of issuance (the Maturity Date ). The Company is required to pay interest quarterly, in arrears,
in cash, on the first day of each quarter of each year following the issue date prior to the maturity of the December 2023 Notes. Notwithstanding
the immediately foregoing, at the option of the holder, interest may accrue on the December Notes on a quarterly basis. The December 2023
Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock in whole or in part at any time and from time to time, after the
original issue date and prior to the Maturity Date, at a conversion price of per share. 

The January 2024 Note and December
2023 Notes balance at September 30, 2024 was . 

Notes Payable 

Bridge Loans On
September 16, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with RS Bio ApS, a Danish entity controlled by a shareholder RS Bio ),
to issue a Promissory Note for the principal amount of (the September 2024 Note ). The Company received 
in gross proceeds. The note bears an interest rate of per annum and matures on . The note balance at September 30,
2024 was . 

On September 6, 2024, the Renovaro
Cube entered into an agreement with Paseco ApS, a Danish entity controlled by a shareholder Paseco ApS ), to issue a Promissory
Note for the principal amount of . The note bears an interest rate of per annum and matures on . The
note balance at September 30, 2024 was approximately . 

On February 5, 2024, the Company
entered into an agreement with RS Bio to issue a 5 Original Issue Discount Secured Promissory Note for the principal amount of 
(the February 2024 Note ). The Company received in gross proceeds after taking into account the original issue
discount. The note bears an interest rate of per annum and matures on . The note balance, net of discount at September
30, 2024 was . 

On January 2, 2024, the Company
entered into an agreement with RS Bio to issue a 5 Original Issue Discount Secured Promissory Note for the principal amount of 526,315.
The Company received a total of 500,000 in gross proceeds after taking into account the 5 original issue discount. The note bears
an interest rate of 12 per annum and matures on December 31, 2024. The note balance, net of discount at September 30, 2024 was 526,315. 

On November 3, 2023, the Company
entered into an agreement with RS Bio to issue a 5 Original Issue Discount Promissory Note for the principal amount of . The
Company received a total of in gross proceeds after taking into account the original issue discount. The discount of
 will be accreted over the life of the note. The note bears an interest rate of per annum and matures on December 31, 2024.
The note balance, net of discount at September 30, 2024 was . 

Promissory Note On
March 30, 2020 (the Issuance Date ), the Company issued a Promissory Note in the principal amount of (the Promissory
Note to Paseco ApS. There have been eight amendments to the Promissory Note since the issuance date, the most recent of which
is dated August 1, 2024. The principal amount of the Promissory Note, as amended, was payable on (the Maturity
Date ). The Promissory Note, as amended, bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum. The Promissory Note balance, net of discount
at September 30, 2024 is . 

The Company s obligations
under the Promissory Note, November 2023 Note, January 2024 Note, February 2024 Note and the September 2024 Note are secured by a Security
Agreement. To secure the Company s obligations under the Promissory Note, the Company entered into a Security Agreement with the
Holder, pursuant to which the Company granted a lien on all assets of the Company (the Collateral for the benefit of Paseco
ApS. Upon an Event of Default (as defined in the notes, respectively) Paseco ApS may, among other things, collect or take possession of
the Collateral, proceed with the foreclosure of the security interest in the Collateral or sell, lease, or dispose of the Collateral. 

of shares of Common Stock over the 36-month term of the 2023 Purchase Agreement. Concurrently with entering into the
2023 Purchase Agreement, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which it agreed
to provide Lincoln Park with certain registration rights related to the shares issued under the 2023 Purchase Agreement. 

In consideration for entering into
the 2023 Purchase Agreement, the Company issued shares of Common Stock to Lincoln Park as a commitment fee on June 20, 2023. 

During the quarter ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, no shares of Common Stock to Lincoln Park were sold under the Purchase Agreement. 

Common Stock Issuances 

On June
14, 2024, Renovaro Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company closed a private
placement of of the Company s units, each such Unit consisting of (i) one share of the Company s Common
Stock and (ii) one common stock purchase warrant to purchase one-tenth of a share of Common Stock, with certain investors (the June
2024 Private Placement ). Related to the June 2024 Private Placement, ranging from July 3, 2024, to September 16, 2024, the
Company sold Units at a price per Unit equal to to a certain investor who paid in cash an aggregate amount of ,181
in consideration of the Units. 

On August 1, 2024, the Company
issued shares of Common Stock for consulting services valued at . 

Stock-based Compensation 

The Company recognizes compensation
costs for stock option awards to employees and directors based on their grant-date fair value. The value of each stock option is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair values of
the stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model are as follows in the three months ended September 30, 2024: 

Volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

On August 23, 2024, Avram Miller,
a former member of the Company s board of directors (the Board of Directors ), forfeited shares of Common Stock
from the original shares of Common Stock for advisory services originally granted to him on October 11, 2023. As consideration
for such forfeiture, the Company granted to Mr. Miller, an option to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company with a per-share
exercise price of, . The Company determined that this transaction represented a modification of the original award. The Company measured
the fair value of the options issued as compared to the fair value of the original issuance and determined that there was no incremental
compensation to recognize as the fair value of the options was less than the fair value of the Common Stock. Therefore, the Company will
recognize the remaining fair value of the original award over the remaining vesting period, which is one year. The Company recognized
stock-based compensation expense of related to the vesting of the stocks options during the period ended September 30, 2024.
At September 30, 2024, the Company had of unrecognized compensation cost related to the options which vest at August 23, 2025. 

In total, the Company recognized
stock-based compensation expense related to options of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
At September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested options. 

million within 7 days of January
31, 2020, along with additional payments upon the occurrence of certain benchmarks in the development of the technology set forth in the
HBV License Agreement, in each case subject to the terms of the HBV License Agreement. Additionally, the HBV License Agreement provides
for cooperation related to the development of intellectual property related to the Treatment and for a royalty to G Tech on any net
sales that may occur under the HBV License. On February 6, 2020, the Company paid the million up-front payment. The HBV License Agreement
contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the parties with respect to the development of the Treatment and the
HBV License. 

The cash funding for research costs
pursuant to the HBV License Agreement consisted of monthly payments amounting to 144,500 that covered scientific staffing resources to
complete the project as well as periodic payments for materials and equipment needed to complete the project. There were no payments made
after January 31, 2022. The Company paid zero under the HBV License Agreement during the quarters ending September 30, 2024, and 2023.
The Company has filed a claim against the Licensors, which includes certain payments it made related to this license (see Contingencies
sub-section below). 

On April 18, 2021, the Company
entered into a Statement of Work and License Agreement (the License Development Agreement ), by and among the Company, G
Tech and SRI (collectively, the Licensors ), whereby the Company acquired a perpetual sublicensable, exclusive license (the
 Development License to research, develop, and commercialize certain formulations which were aimed at preventing and treating
pan-coronavirus or the potential combination of the pan-coronavirus and pan-influenza, including the SARS-coronavirus that causes COVID-19
and pan-influenza (the Prevention and Treatment ). 

The Development License Agreement
was entered into pursuant to the existing Framework Agreement between the parties dated November 15, 2019. The Development License Agreement
states that in consideration for the Development License, the Company shall provide cash funding for research costs and equipment and
certain other in-kind funding related to the Prevention and Treatment over a 24-month period. Additionally, the Development License Agreement
provides for an up-front payment of and a payment for expenditures to date prior to the effective date related to
research towards the Prevention and Treatment within 60 days of April 18, 2021. The Development License Agreement provides for additional
payments upon the occurrence of certain benchmarks in the development of the technology set forth in the Development License Agreement,
in each case subject to the terms of the Development License Agreement. 

The Development License Agreement
provides for (i) cooperation related to the development of intellectual property related to the Prevention and Treatment and (ii) a 3 
royalty to G Tech on any net sales that may occur under the Development License Agreement. The Company is no longer pursuing any product
candidates that relate to this license. The Company has filed a claim against the Licensors to recover all monies it paid related to this
license (see Contingencies below). 

On August 25, 2021, the Company
entered into an ALC Patent License and Research Funding Agreement in the HIV Field (the ALC License Agreement with Serhat
G mr kc and SRI (collectively, the Licensors whereby the Licensors granted the Company an exclusive, worldwide,
perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, proprietary technology subject to a U.S. patent application,
to make, use, offer to sell, sell or import products for use solely for the prevention, treatment, amelioration of or therapy exclusively
for HIV in humans, and research and development exclusively relating to HIV in humans; provided the Licensors retained the right to conduct
HIV research in the field. Pursuant to the ALC License Agreement, the Company granted a non-exclusive license back to the Licensors, under
any patents or other intellectual property owned or controlled by the Company, to the extent arising from the ALC License, to make, use,
offer to sell, sell or import products for use in the diagnosis, prevention, treatment, amelioration or therapy of any (i) HIV Comorbidities
and (ii) any other diseases or conditions outside the HIV Field. The Company made an initial payment to SRI of and agreed to
fund future HIV research conducted by the Licensors, as mutually agreed to by the parties. On September 10, 2021, pursuant to the ALC
License Agreement, the Company paid the initial payment of . 

G Tech and SRI are controlled by
Anderson Wittekind, a stockholder of the Company. 

Service Agreements The
Company maintains employment agreements with certain senior staff in the ordinary course of business. 

Contingencies 

Securities Class Action Litigation. On July 26,
2022 and July 28, 2022, securities class action complaints (the former, the Chow Action and the latter, the Manici
Action and together, the Securities Class Action Litigation were filed by purported stockholders of the Company
in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against the Company and certain of the Company s current
and former officers and directors. The complaints allege, among other things, that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, by making false and misleading statements and omissions of
material fact in connection with the Company s relationship with Serhat G mr kc and its commercial prospects. The
complaints seek unspecified damages, interest, fees, and costs. On November 22, 2022, the Manici Action was voluntarily dismissed without
prejudice, but the Chow action remains pending. On October 22, 2023, the Court appointed a lead plaintiff in the Chow Action. The
lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint on December 15, 2023. The Company has filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on March
15, 2024. The Court denied the Company s motion to dismiss on June 28, 2024. A mediation was held on September 17, 2024, after which
the parties signed a stipulation of settlement, dated November 8, 2024. The plaintiff s deadline to file a motion for preliminary
approval of the settlement is December 9, 2024. 

Federal Derivative Litigation . On September 22,
2022, Samuel E. Koenig filed a shareholder derivative action in the United States District Court for the Central District of California.
On January 19, 2023, John Solak filed a substantially similar shareholder derivative action in the United States District Court for the
District of Delaware. Both derivative actions recite similar underlying facts as those alleged in the Securities Class Action Litigation.
The actions, filed on behalf of the Company, name Serhat G mr kc and certain of the Company s former directors as
defendants. The actions also name the Company as a nominal defendant. The actions allege violations of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and also set out claims for breach of fiduciary duty, contribution and indemnification, aiding and abetting,
and gross mismanagement. Plaintiffs do not quantify any alleged injury, but seek damages, disgorgement, restitution, and other costs and
expenses. On January 24, 2023, the United States District Court for the Central District of California stayed the Koenig matter pending
resolution of the defendants anticipated motion to dismiss in the Securities Class Action Litigation. On April 4, 2023, the United
States District Court for the District of Delaware stayed the Solak matter pending resolution of the defendants anticipated motion
to dismiss in the Securities Class Action Litigation. On June 28, 2024, the United States District Court for the Central District of California
denied defendants motion to dismiss the Securities Class Action Litigation. On October 23, 2024, the court in the Koenig matter
stayed the case pending further order of the court. The parties deadline to file a joint status report in the Koenig matter
is January 10, 2025. On October 28, 2024, the court in the Solak matter stayed the case for ninety (90) days. The defendants
have not yet responded to either complaint. The Company intends to contest these matters but expresses no opinion as to the likelihood
of favorable outcomes. Management is unable to determine the likelihood of a loss, including a possible range of losses, if any, arising
from this matter as of the reporting date. 

State Derivative Litigation. On October 20, 2022, Susan
Midler filed a shareholder derivative action in the Superior Court of California, Los Angeles County, reciting similar underlying facts
as those alleged in the Securities Class Action Litigation. The action, filed on behalf of the Company, names Serhat G mr kc 
and certain of the Company s current and former directors as defendants. The action also names the Company as a nominal defendant.
The action sets out claims for breaches of fiduciary duty, contribution and indemnification, aiding and abetting, and gross mismanagement.
Plaintiff does not quantify any alleged injury, but seeks damages, disgorgement, restitution, and other costs and expenses. On January
20, 2023, the Court stayed the Midler matter pending resolution of the defendants anticipated motion to dismiss in the Securities
Class Action Litigation. On June 28, 2024, the United States District Court for the Central District of California denied defendants 
motion to dismiss the Securities Class Action Litigation. On October 28, 2024, the court in the Midler matter stayed the case for ninety
(90) days. The defendants have not yet responded to the complaint. The Company intends to contest this matter but expresses no opinion
as to the likelihood of a favorable outcome. Management is unable to determine the likelihood of a loss, including a possible range of
losses, if any, arising from this matter as of the reporting date. 

On October
21, 2022, the Company filed a Complaint in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles against Serhat
G mr kc , William Anderson Wittekind Wittekind ), G Tech, SG AW Holdings, LLC, and SRI (collectively,
the Defendants ). The Complaint alleges that the Defendants engaged in a concerted, deliberate scheme to alter, falsify,
and misrepresent to the Company the results of multiple studies supporting its Hepatitis B and SARS-CoV-2/influenza pipelines. 
Specifically, Defendants manipulated negative results to reflect positive outcomes from various studies, and even fabricated studies
out of whole cloth. As a result of the Defendants conduct, the Company claims that it paid approximately 25 million
to Defendants and third-parties that it would not otherwise have paid. On April 21, 2023, defendants Wittekind, G Tech, SG 
AW Holdings, LLC, and SRI filed a demurrer with respect to some, but not all, of the Company s claims, as well as a motion to strike.
On September 6, 2023, the court denied in part and granted in part the pending motions. On September 7, 2023, the court entered a case
management order setting the final status conference, trial, and other intervening deadlines. 

On December
4, 2023, the Defendants answered the Company s First Amended Complaint and G Tech and SRI filed a Cross-Complaint. In the Cross-Complaint,
G Tech and SRI seek declaratory and injunctive relief related to certain agreements between G Tech, SRI, and the Company, including, inter
alia , a declaration that the Framework Agreement, effective as of November 15, 2019, the Statement of Work License Agreement,
effective as of January 31, 2020, and the Statement of Work and License Agreement for Influenza and Coronavirus Indications, effective
as of April 18, 2021, have been terminated and the Company has no rights to any license under such agreements. Trial is currently scheduled
to begin on March 3, 2025. The Company denies these allegations and intends to vigorously defend against the cross claims while pursuing
its claims against the Defendants. 

On March 1, 2021, the Company s
former Chief Financial Officer, Robert Wolfe, and his company, Crossfield, Inc., filed a Complaint in the U.S. District Court for the
District of Vermont against the Company, Renovaro Biosciences Denmark ApS, and certain directors and officers. In the Complaint, Mr. Wolfe
and Crossfield, Inc. asserted claims for abuse of process and malicious prosecution, alleging, inter alia, that the Company lacked probable
cause to file and prosecute an earlier action, and sought millions of dollars of compensatory damages, as well as punitive damages. The
allegations in the Complaint relate to an earlier action filed by the Company and Renovaro Biosciences Denmark ApS in the Vermont Superior
Court, Orange Civil Division. On March 3, 2022, the court partially granted the Company s motion to dismiss, dismissing the abuse
of process claim against all defendants and all claims against Mark Dybul and Henrik Gr nfeldt-S rensen, the Company s
former Chief Executive Officer and former member of the Board of Directors, respectively. On November 29, 2022, the Company filed a motion
for summary judgment with respect to the sole remaining claim of malicious prosecution. On August 24, 2023, the court denied the motion
for summary judgment.On November 7, 2024, the Court reset the trial date for May 6, 2025. The Company denies the allegations set forth
in the Complaint and will continue to vigorously defend against the remaining claim. 

On June 7, 2023, Weird Science
LLC Weird Science ), Wittekind, the William Anderson Wittekind 2020 Annuity Trust, the William Anderson Wittekind 2021 Annuity
Trust, the Dybul 2020 Angel Annuity Trust, and the Ty Mabry 2021 Annuity Trust (collectively, the Trusts (collectively,
 Plaintiffs filed a Verified Complaint against the Company in the Court of Chancery of Delaware. In the Verified Complaint,
Plaintiffs alleged that the Company breached the February 16, 2018 Investor Rights Agreement between the Company, Weird Science, and RS
Group ApS (the Investor Rights Agreement ). According to the Verified Complaint, the Investor Rights Agreement required the
Company to (i) notify all Holders of Registrable Securities at least 30 days prior to filing a registration
statement and (ii) afford such Holders an opportunity to have their Registrable Securities included in such registration statement. Plaintiffs
alleged that the Company breached these registration rights by failing to provide the required notice in connection with S-3 registration
statements filed by the Company on July 13, 2020 and February 11, 2022. The Company moved to dismiss the Verified Complaint on September
15, 2023. 

On December
4, 2023, in lieu of opposing the motion to dismiss, Plaintiffs filed a Verified First Amended Complaint FAC ). In the FAC,
Plaintiffs assert claims against the Company and others for purported breaches of the Investor Rights Agreement, fraud, tortious interference
with a contract, and several other torts. Plaintiffs seek compensatory, exemplary, and punitive damages, as well as certain declaratory
relief, specific performance, and pre- and post-judgment interest, costs, and attorneys fees. The Company filed a motion to dismiss
the FAC on December 18, 2023 and a hearing is scheduled for November 15, 2024. The Company denies Plaintiffs allegations and intends
to vigorously defend against the claims. 

On August 24, 2023, counsel on
behalf of Weird Science, Wittekind, individually, and Wittekind, as trustee of the Trusts served a demand to inspect the Company s
books and records (the Demand pursuant to Delaware General Corporation Law, 220 Section 220 ). The
Demand seeks the Company s books and records in connection with various issues identified in the Demand. The Company takes its obligations
under Section 220 seriously and, to the extent that the requests are proper under Section 220, intends to comply with those obligations. 

On January 19, 2024, Weird Science
and Wittekind sent the Board of Directors a letter demanding it take corrective actions with respect to twenty-one issues identified therein.
On February 27, 2024, Weird Science and Wittekind sent the Board of Directors a supplemental letter that expanded their demand for corrective
actions to twenty-six issues. In response to these demand letters, the Board of Directors initially formed a Special Committee Special
Committee of independent directors on February 29, 2024. The Special Committee retained Stradling Yocca Carlson Rauth LLP
as its counsel to investigate the issues identified in the demand letters. The Special Committee s investigation is ongoing. 

On January 23, 2024, Weird Science
and Wittekind filed a shareholder derivative action in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against
certain officers, directors, and investors of the Company, as well as other defendants, in connection with, inter alia , Weird Science
and Wittekind s demand for corrective action. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on June 21, 2024. The First Amended Verified
Stockholder Derivative Complaint Derivative Complaint alleges, among other claims, violations of Section 13(d) and 14(a)
and Rules 10b-5(a), 10b-5(c) and 14a-9 of the Exchange Act of 1934. The Derivative Complaint also includes claims of breach of fiduciary
duty, corporate waste, unjust enrichment, and contribution/indemnification. Weird Science and Wittekind seek unspecified compensatory,
exemplary, and punitive damages and certain injunctive relief. The Derivative Complaint names the Company as a nominal defendant. On July
19, 2024, certain of the director defendants, who had agreed to waive service of the summons and Derivative Complaint, filed a motion
to dismiss the Derivative Complaint on a variety of procedural and substantive grounds. A hearing on the motion dismiss was held on October
3, 2024 and the court subsequently took the motion under submission. On October 22, 2024, the plaintiffs filed a notice of certain subsequent
events that they allege relate to their pending motion to dismiss. On October 29, 2024, the court granted the director defendants 
motion to dismiss and dismissed the Derivative Complaint without prejudice, but also without leave to amend. 

On June 21, 2024, the Company filed
suit against Weird Science, Wittekind, and certain trusts in connection with the February 16, 2018 merger involving the Company and two
companies closely associated with Gumrukcu. In the complaint, the Company alleges that Gumrukcu and others deliberately and fraudulently
concealed a murder-for-hire scheme from the Company in order to induce the Company to enter into the merger agreement, which resulted
in the defendants receiving shares and compensation. The Company asserts claims for fraudulent concealment, equitable fraud, unjust enrichment,
and civil conspiracy and seeks, inter alia , equitable relief, including, but not limited to, return to the Company any shares received
in connection with the merger, and damages. On October 1, 2024, the defendants moved to dismiss the complaint. 

of compensation related expenses for the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, Mark Dybul, related to budget
constraints. 

On August 23, 2024, Avram Miller,
a former member of the Board of Directors, forfeited shares of Common Stock from the original shares of Common Stock
for advisory services originally granted to him on October 11, 2023. As consideration for such forfeiture, the Company granted to Mr.
Miller, an option to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company with a per-share exercise price of, . The Company determined
that this transaction represented a modification of the original award. The Company measured the fair value of the options issued as compared
to the fair value of the original issuance and determined that there was no incremental compensation to recognize as the fair value of
the options was less than the fair value of the Common Stock. Therefore, the Company will recognize the remaining fair value of the original
award over the remaining vesting period, which is one year. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of 
related to the vesting of the stocks options during the period ended September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the Company had 
of unrecognized compensation cost related to the options which vest at August 23, 2025. 

Netherlands 

The chief
operating decision maker uses loss from operations to evaluate the performance of each segment s assets in deciding how to allocate
available capital between segments. The chief operating decision maker also uses loss from operations in their competitive analysis by
benchmarking the Company s competitors. The competitive analysis along with the monitoring of budgeted versus actual results are
used in assessing the performance of the segment. 

Information
regarding each reportable segment for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, is as follows: 

Research and development 

Goodwill impairment 

Depreciation and amortization 

Segment operating loss 

Geographic information: 

RENB and
RENC are managed on a worldwide basis but operate in offices located in the United Stated and the Netherlands, respectively. The geographic
information analyses the Company s operations and assets based on the country in which each segment operates. In presenting this
geographic information, segment operating results have been based on the geographic location in which the services were provided to the
segment and segment assets were based on the geographic location of the assets. 

million, which consisted of the following: 

Contingent consideration 

Total consideration transferred 

The
fair value of the Company s common shares issued as consideration was based on the closing price of the Company s common stock
as of the Acquisition Date. The fair value of the contingent consideration was based on the Sellers right to receive additional
shares of common, pro rata, upon the exercise or conversion of warrants, options and convertible notes payables outstanding as of the
Closing Date. 

The
following table details the provisional fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date: 

Prepaid Other Assets 

Fixed Assets 

Operating lease ROU 

Total Assets Acquired: 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Expenses 

Operating Lease liability 

Notes Payable 

Total Liabilities Assumed 

Net Assets Acquired 

Goodwill 

Total Consideration 

The goodwill
recognized is attributable primarily to expected synergies and the assembled workforce of Gedi Cube. None of the goodwill is expected
to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

The fair
values of the acquired tangible and intangible assets were determined using variations of the income approach. The income approach valuation
methodology used for the intangible assets acquired makes use of Level 3 inputs. 

The amounts
of revenue and loss of Renovaro Cube, included in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations from the three months
ended September 30, 2024 are as follows: 

Consolidated
unaudited pro forma information: 

The following consolidated pro
forma information assumes that the acquisition of Renovaro Cube took place on July 1, 2023 for the statement of operations for the three-month
period ended September 30, 2023. These amounts have been estimated after applying the Company s accounting policies: 

The
unaudited pro forma results are presented for informational purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of what the actual results
of operations would have been if the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the period presented, nor are they indicative of future
results of operations. 

 . The Notes bear an interest rate ranging from
 to per annum and mature from , to (the Maturity Date ). The Company is required
to pay principal and interest on the Maturity Date. 

On October 17, 2024, the Company
entered into an investor relations consulting agreement with MZHCI, LLC. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company issued shares
of Common Stock to MZHCI, LLC valued at . 

On October 14, 2024, the
Company issued shares of Common Stock as part of a sign on bonus valued at to the Chief Executive Officer effective
October 14, 2024, David Weinstein. 

On October 14, 2024, the
Company issued shares of Common Stock for consulting services valued at . 

Related to the June 2024 Private
Placement, ranging from October 2, 2024, to October 10, 2024, the Company sold 190,140 Units at a price per Unit equal to 1.4726 to
a certain investor who paid in cash an aggregate amount of 280,000 in consideration of the Units. 

19 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations. 

Forward-Looking Statement Notice 

Certain statements made in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995) regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance, or achievements of Renovaro Inc. Renovaro, 
and together with its subsidiaries, the Company , we or us to be materially different from any
future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included
herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results and trends may differ
materially depending on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed in Part I, Item 1A,
 Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on October 10, 2024. The Company s plans and
objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving the continued expansion of the business. Assumptions relating to the foregoing
involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions,
all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Although the Company
believes its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and,
therefore, there can be no assurance the forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report will prove to be accurate. In light
of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should
not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person that the objectives and plans of the Company will be achieved. 

Our Business 

Renovaro
Inc. operates through two subsidiaries, Renovaro Biosciences and Renovaro Cube. Renovaro Cube refers to Renovaro Cube Intl. Ltd. (formerly
known as GediCube Intl. Ltd.) and its wholly owned subsidiaries GediCube, B.V. and Grace Systems B.V., which were acquired on February
13, 2024. 

Renovaro Biosciences Overview 

Renovaro
Biosciences is a biotechnology company intending, if the necessary funding
is obtained, to develop advanced allogeneic cell and gene therapies to promote stronger immune system responses potentially for long-term
or life-long cancer remission in some of the deadliest cancers, and potentially to treat or cure serious infectious diseases such as Human
Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) infections. As a result of our acquisition of GEDi Cube Intl Ltd. on February 13, 2024, we have shifted the
Company s primary focus and resources to the development of the Renovaro Cube technologies. 

Therapeutic Technologies 

Renovaro Biosciences aims to train the immune system to allow a person to better
fight diseases through allogeneic cell and/or gene therapy. Our vision is for a world with healthy longevity, and free from toxic chemotherapy,
for those with cancer and other serious diseases. Renovaro Biosciences will seek to leverage general principles and advances in the knowledge
of the immune response to engineer cells with enhanced attributes to promote the recognition and elimination of disease cells. 

20 

Allogeneic Cell Therapy 

The strategic benefit of the allogeneic
cell therapy technologies is to potentially allow for the manufacture of large, off-the-shelf banks of therapeutic cells
that are readily available on demand by healthcare professionals, to potentially decrease the time between diagnosis and treatment. 

In certain treatments (e.g., HIV
and cancer), cells taken from healthy donors are engineered to introduce signaling molecules that are designed to enhance the ability
of specific immune cells to recognize diseased cells, and to help recruit other cells that will destroy cancer or virus infected cells. 

Gene
Therapy 

Renovaro Biosciences may also seek
to explore various approaches for gene therapy design elements to potentially eliminate virus-infected or cancer cells by the modulation
of the patient s immune system. Upon injecting into the patients, these genetically engineered allogeneic cells have little to no
risk of passing those modifications to the patient since they are terminally differentiated with locked functionality to activate the
host immune system. Gene modified allogeneic cells are expected to be rejected naturally once they activate the patient s immune
system therefore will have a very short survival time. 

Renovaro
Biosciences Focus Areas: 

Oncology: 

RENB-DC11: Genetically modified
Allogeneic Dendritic Cell Therapeutic Vaccine as Potential Product for Long-term Remission of Solid Tumors; specifically Pancreatic tumors 

Allogeneic Cell Therapy Platform
 Completed pre-IND, IND-enabling phase. 

Based
on learnings from our internal research, literature reviews of ongoing clinical development for solid tumors, and recent advances in immune
modulation, we have designed an innovative therapeutic vaccination platform that could potentially be used to induce life-long remission
from some of the deadliest solid tumors such as pancreatic, liver, triple negative breast and head neck cancers. 

The platform
may one day enable broad immune enhancements that are combined with cancer specific antigens that could be applicable to a wide range
of solid tumors. This approach allows us to quickly adapt our approach to any patient solid tumor using the same banked allogenic drug
substance. 

RENB-DC20: Genetically modified Allogeneic Dendritic
Cell Therapeutic Vaccine as Potential Treatment Product for Long-term Remission of Triple Negative Breast Cancer 

Triple Negative Breast Cancer (TNBC)
is a subtype of breast cancer that is negative for estrogens receptor (ER) negative, progesterone receptor (PR) negative and human epidermal
growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). TNBC is characterized by its unique molecular profile, aggressive nature, and distinct metastatic patterns
that lack targeted therapies. TNBC is well known for its aggressive behavior and is characterized by onset at a younger age, high mean
tumor size, and higher-grade tumors. 

Based upon our internal research,
literature reviews of ongoing clinical development for solid tumors, and recent advances in immune modulation, we believe we may have
the ability to design an innovative therapeutic vaccination platform that could potentially be used to treat some of the deadliest and
hard-to-treat solid tumors that include triple negative breast cancer. 

21 

Infectious Diseases: 

RENB-HV12: Genetically Modified
Allogeneic Dendritic Cell Therapeutic Vaccine as Potential Treatment Product for Long-term Remission of HIV; A Chronic Infectious Disease 

The oncology therapeutic vaccine
technology could potentially be adapted to target infectious disease antigens and be a viable therapeutic approach in difficult to treat
chronic infectious diseases. As described above, the engineered allogenic dendritic cell drug substance is thought to be able to be loaded
with various cancer antigens for specific solid tumors but could or may be loaded with infectious disease antigens to elicit a more robust
immune response to viruses and other difficult to treat infections. 

Renovaro Cube Overview 

Renovaro Cube is an AI-driven healthcare
technology company focusing on the earliest possible detection of cancer and its recurrence. Renovaro Cube has developed a proprietary
AI platform that analyzes genetics using Explainable AI (as defined below) to provide earlier and more accurate cancer diagnosis. This
platform uses a multi-omics approach to search for individual biomarkers that are present even in asymptomatic patients. This approach
is combined with differential molecular capabilities that are designed to identify, differentiate and pinpoint the exact source. Renovaro
Cube s process also involves the mining of biomarker panels, which are integrated into a machine learning library referred to as
 RenovaroCube to further enhance diagnosis. 

Renovaro Cube also aims to utilize
its proprietary AI platform in the development of commercial products to support clinical, research and pharmaceutical organizations that
are trying to improve patient care through precision diagnosis, prediction of success of therapy, new drug discovery, treatment protocols
or clinical trials. Specifically, Renovaro Cube is focused on developing products and services aimed at (i) early cancer characterization,
(ii) personalized treatment selection, (iii) prediction and tracking response to therapies, (iv) recurrence detection and efficacy monitoring,
and (v) ultimately, drug discovery. 

Renovaro Cube was initially incorporated
as Grace Systems B.V. Grace Systems in 2013 under the laws of the Netherlands to develop unique data mining algorithms
to enable banking, finance and government entities to extract business insights from data. Grace Systems began applying its algorithms
to biological data in 2018 to uncover cancer-associated patterns. Beginning in 2018, Grace Systems pivoted its platform to focus only
on healthcare. Renovaro Cube has focused on developing its AI technology for early cancer detection. 

Renovaro Cube has now focused on
commercialization of its AI technology. Renovaro Cube believes that it has developed a unique approach to the early detection and diagnosis
of cancer and its recurrence and, in time, other rare diseases through the systematic analysis of data using AI technologies, data mining
procedures and algorithms for health technology. 

Renovaro Cube s technology
has been trained on complex heterogeneous cancer data and appears to find patterns associated with cancer in public and private data resources.
With the help of Renovaro Cube s algorithms, discovered patterns may be translated into biomarkers that can be used in a clinical
setting to target various aspects of cancer diagnosis and treatment. 

Renovaro Cube s Strategy 

Renovaro Cube s product development
focuses on four core areas: 

Early Detection. Multi-cancer early detection MCED blood tests are advanced diagnostic
tools that analyze cell-derived molecules present in the bloodstream. These tests specifically look for abnormal genetic, epigenetic or
proteomic patterns of these cell-derived molecules, which can indicate the presence of cancer cells. By examining the molecules shed from
various cells, including cancer cells, MCED tests aim to detect cancer at an early stage. This approach holds promise for improving cancer
detection and potentially saving lives. 

22 

Recurrence of cancer . A recurrence refers to the return of cancer after a period of remission.
A cancer recurrence happens because, in spite of the efforts to kill the cancer, some cells may remain, which grow and eventually cause
symptoms. In rare instances, a patient may develop a new cancer that s completely unrelated to the originally diagnosed cancer,
which is referred to as a second primary cancer. An early warning system could help to identify a recurrence as early as possible, thereby
helping to accelerate any treatment and diagnosis. The different types of recurrence include: 

o 
 Local recurrence, meaning that the cancer has returned in the same place it first started; 

o 
 Regional recurrence , meaning that the cancer has returned to the lymph nodes near the place
it first started; and 

o 
 Distant recurrence , meaning the cancer has returned in another part of the body. 

Response to treatment. At Renovaro Cube we aim to develop a new array of diagnostic products that
can accurately identify patients that are going to respond or fail to a certain drug. In highly toxic therapies it will not only increase
survival but will also reduce unnecessary exposure to chemotherapy. Furthermore, the costs for cancer drugs are usually very high. Providing
the right therapy to the right patient will therefore significantly reduce the costs of medicine in cancer. 

Clinical trials . Clinical trials involve a type of research that studies new tests and treatments
and evaluates their effects on human health outcomes. People volunteer to take part in clinical trials to test medical interventions including
drugs, cells and other biological products, surgical procedures, radiological procedures, devices, behavioral treatments and preventive
care. Clinical trials are carefully designed, reviewed and completed, and need to be approved before they can start. 

In response to these four core areas, the key components of Renovaro Cube s
product development are to build a software and hardware platform that: 

Uses data science to develop novel insights into the characterization of diseases
such as cancer. Renovaro Cube intends to apply its proprietary technology to biological data from multiple sources to enable the typification
(or classification) of disease entities and sub-entities to provide insights about the nature and behavior of diseases to payers, providers,
pharmaceutical companies and patients. 

Enables more accurate diagnosis and earlier detection of cancer and other diseases
with the goal of maximizing outcomes and minimizing the costs of treatment. Renovaro Cube intends to develop a system to understand the
smallest fragments of cancer in the blood of the patient. Presently, Renovaro Cube is developing a product to analyze results from liquid
biopsy run through an Oxford Nanopore Sequencer. We expect the Renovaro Cube product will subsequently identify, train and validate explainable
biomarkers, panels and models on different molecular layers. Multiple models will be individually trained for optimal stratification through
the entire health journey, ensuring the right accuracy for a therapeutic decision in every stage. Renovaro Cube will integrate different
modalities and molecular data sources into a differential diagnostic report. Diagnostics and prognosis will be explainable with quality
control reports and biomarker insights for different disciplines ensuring maximum trust and insight in medical decision making. 

23 

Assists in clinical trials with patient cohort selection and response tracking,
to be used by companies like Renovaro Biosciences in their patient cohort selection for their clinical trials, by looking at which patients
are reacting positively, negatively and have no reaction. This data becomes more important through the progression of the different phases
of drug development, as more and more patients are added. Renovaro Cube will provide multi-omic data analysis, looking for specific changes
in the patients that might indicate a change in their molecular make-up. This can then be used for the next phase of a clinical trial
to look for the specific molecular data that has showed a positive reaction in the previous phase. It also provides insights for more
effective response tracking, which Renovaro Cube believes is important to the providers of care as well as the development and evaluation
of new pharmaceuticals and immune therapies in clinical trials. Patient response to treatment can be used to focus the target audience
for drugs in development and in subsequent clinical practice. As Renovaro Cube collects more data, longitudinal about treatment and response,
it will have the ability to train prognostic models to give an insight in disease progression and treatment response, both critical for
enrolling in clinical trials and eventually every treatment. Because Renovaro Cube consists of many independently trained and validated
models, it will have the ability to assist in virtually every therapeutic decision, for different subtypes and groups (stratifications).
The multi-omics and multi-modal pipelines could allow the use of multiple combinations of tissue samples and diagnostic platforms. The
detailed diagnostic reports will allow and support insights for multiple disciplines such as cancer biology, genomics and pathology to
look at underpinning biomarkers, pathways and clinical annotations. 

Provides insight into patients who have had cancer previously. These insights will
provide for more effective recurrence monitoring, which Renovaro Cube believes is important to the providers of care and patients during
follow-up monitoring of remissions. Renovaro Cube anticipates that payers want to detect and re-treat recurrences at the earliest possible
stage to maximize patients outcomes in terms of time and cost and that, similarly, patients with a recurrence are keen to re-engage
with effective treatment at the earliest opportunity. A key aspect of this will be taking blood from the patients, sequencing this blood
and running it through the Renovaro Cube platform which will identify if the patient has any indication of the recurrence of the same
or a new cancer. For recurrence monitoring, Renovaro Cube will focus on a highly sensitive combination of lab and information technology.
Lab protocols, sequence post processing and machine learning will all be designed, trained and validated to get the best signal with the
highest sensitivity to catch early signals of recurrence. This will be done on a regular basis allowing surveillance analysis over time. 

Includes biomarker panels that will be extended to include as many layers of genetic
information (multi-omics) as possible including mutation, gene expression, methylation status, fragmentomics, nucleosome mapping, collectively
named multi-omics, with the goal to reach the highest accuracy possible, both in terms of sensitivity and specificity of each individual
biomarker panel. This provides a non-invasive alternative for the current complex, expensive and cumbersome procedures. 

Create value through advancing more sophisticated typification of diseases in
an effort to address some of the pressing problems faced by modern healthcare, including healthcare costs, an aging population and developments
in medical technology that produce a stream of increasingly sophisticated treatments requiring more precise targeting. 

One additional key focus of Renovaro
Cube is its multi-modal, data analysis. Multi-modal data encompasses the whole aspect of data from a patient perspective, whether genomics,
imaging, phenotypic or even wearable data, which can be cross analyzed to produce data that could not be previously produced. Renovaro
Cube intends to use multi-modal data to bring new insights to the clinical and research teams trying to understand what to do next with
the patient. 

Renovaro Cube s Technology
and Techniques 

Renovaro Cube is dedicated to
the development of early cancer detection blood tests and expects to develop partnerships with third-party laboratories across the United
Kingdom, the Netherlands and the rest of Europe and will also expand to the United States. Renovaro Cube is focused on developing diagnostic
tests and test kits that would analyze samples derived from non-invasive liquid biopsy samples and intends to perform these tests from
Renovaro s dedicated fully certified service laboratory and engage third-party laboratories to perform these tests for end-users. 

24 

For this purpose, Renovaro Cube
has developed an AI platform that aims to leverage expertise in both biological and computational sciences and to go beyond traditional
tumor signals by detecting the body s early warning signs of cancer. Renovaro Cube s goal is to provide accurate and reliable
tests that can aid in the early diagnosis and treatment of cancer. Renovaro Cube s AI technology is created to detect a wide range
of biological signs to enhance the accuracy and sensitivity of early cancer detection and, thereby, enable earlier intervention and potentially
improved patient outcomes. 

Renovaro Cube s AI technology
aims to address three critical facets of medical needs within the domain of cancer diagnosis (as illustrated below): 

type-specific cancer detection; 

pan-cancer detection; and 

patient stratification. 

Moreover, the versatility of Renovaro
Cube s AI technology extends to encompass the realm of rare cancers, including cases such as cancer of unknown primary. 

Leveraging DNA methylation data,
Renovaro Cube has identified and validated biomarker panels tailored for the detection of a wide range of cancers, including bladder,
breast, colon, prostate, thyroid, head and neck, liver, kidney and lung cancer. 

The foundational architecture of
Renovaro Cube s AI technology is engineered to facilitate comprehensive pan-cancer analysis through its extensive record of informative
biomarkers discovered across a diverse array of cancer types. This comprehensive repository empowers Renovaro Cube s AI technology
to swiftly cross-reference biomarkers and explore molecular commonalities and distinctions that span multiple tumor categories. 

For example, the capabilities of
Renovaro Cube s AI technology have unearthed biomarkers capable of pinpointing a specific subgroup of thyroid cancer patients characterized
by a distinct genomic alteration, the neurotrophic tyrosine receptor kinase NTRK gene fusion. Identification of these
NTRK-positive patients provides an actionable therapeutic target. 

Uses of Renovaro Cube s AI Technology 

Renovaro Cube has developed its AI platform to support: 

AI-assisted patient diagnostics; 

multi-omic data analysis; 

genome-wide or targeted analysis; 

pan-cancer analysis; 

different technology platforms (sequence or array); 

tracking of each sample; 

AI-guided biomarker discovery for single or multiple cancer types; and 

logs of analysis steps and outcomes (data preparation, discovery, validation). 

Renovaro Cube s AI platform
is an enterprise software platform that is distinguished from its competitors technology by its core attributes encompassing AI-guided
analysis and meticulous record-keeping of data handling procedures within audit trails, logs, and data discoveries. Renovaro Cube designed
this technology to support and validate every phase of the process, from the initial handling of raw data to the creation of essential
biomarker panels. Renovaro Cube s AI platform also facilitates the integration of data originating from diverse sources, including
public databases and collaborative partnership data. 

25 

Illustrated below is the three-phase
workflow behind Renovaro Cube s AI platform for biomarker discovery using DNA methylation data. This workflow commences with the
identification of pertinent single- and multi-omic data best suited to address the specific inquiries of Renovaro Cube s clients,
and the subsequent stages involve the meticulous pre-processing and loading of this data into the platform. This process culminates in
the availability of a dashboard offering the client insights into the data s characteristics, such as data quality, the technology
employed, and associated metadata. 

Phase I of the workflow behind Renovaro Cube s AI platform primarily centers on the pivotal process of biomarker discovery. This intricate procedure unfolds through the application of data mining algorithms and statistical methodologies integrated into the AI platform. The paramount objective of Phase I is to reduce the plethora of genomic features displaying variations across samples, which is accomplished by systematically eliminating extraneous or inconsequential features while preserving those features that exhibit the greatest potential for accurately detecting cancer. 

Phase II of the workflow builds upon the foundation of selected biomarkers by focusing on understanding the dynamic interplay among these chosen biomarkers, culminating in the creation of composite panels. The goal of Phase II is to pinpoint biomarker combinations that not only demonstrate robustness in detecting cancer but also maintain their efficacy across diverse contexts. Renovaro Cube believes that its AI algorithms are adept at uncovering multiple combinations across a spectrum of panels, which is supported by Renovaro Cube s AI-guided panel mining, a proprietary combinatorial optimization technique used by Renovaro Cube s AI technology. This approach, coupled with the capacity to explore numerous panels, significantly enhances the likelihood of discovering panels that align with specific metric criteria, such as sensitivity, specificity, precision, and recall and allows for tailoring criteria to align with clients unique needs, such as the number of biomarkers included per panel, or the inclusion of biomarkers associated with the expression of specific genes. The performance of the top-tier panels is further fine-tuned through the application of machine learning models. Subsequently, the efficacy of these biomarker panels in detecting cancer is validated through independent data sets. 

Phase III of the workflow involves Renovaro Cube s collaboration with its clinical partners to validate the performance of the biomarker panels. Through this collaboration, Renovaro Cube can confirm the utility and accuracy of its biomarker panels in real-world clinical contexts. 

AI-Assisted Diagnostics 

The process of biomarker discovery
facilitated by Renovaro Cube s AI technology has yielded a set of data that enables scrutiny of the genomic distinctions and commonalities
inherent in diverse cancer types. This data set can support the diagnosis of cancers when their type or origin remains unidentified. 

In addition to this role in biomarker
discovery and the development of diagnostic tests, Renovaro Cube s AI technology also integrates AI-guided molecular profiling of
patient samples and furnishes diagnostic patient reports. These diagnostic reports reflect the outcomes of molecular profiling, coupled
with interpretations provided by Renovaro Cube s team, to facilitate the process of cancer diagnostics by a qualified healthcare
provider, who can consider these reports in the context of a patient s medical history, clinical signs, and symptoms, among other
factors. 

Quality Control Process 

Renovaro Cube undertakes post-processing
of data generated from sequence and arrays to ensure accurate and meaningful results. These post-processing steps for omic data include: 

1. 
 Quality Control : Quality control is performed to assess the overall data quality and to identify any technical issues or anomalies. 

2. 
 Normalization : arrays can introduce various sources of technical variation, such as batch effects, intensity variations, and probe-specific biases. 

26 

3. 
 Quality Filtering : After genotype calling, additional quality filtering may be performed to remove low-quality SNPs based on criteria like call rates, minor allele frequency, Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium p-values, and linkage disequilibrium. 

Other post-processing steps may
include genotype calling, population stratification and association analysis. Specific post-processing steps may vary depending on the
type of array used, the study design, and the analytical goals. 

Planning for Commercialization 

Partnerships in Development 

To enhance multi-omic and multi-modal
capacity, and to work to validate those capabilities with human samples including liquid-biopsy-based tests/test kits, Renovaro Cube is
actively pursuing relationships with leading academic cancer centers, pathology and imagery centers in Europe, the USA and the Middle
East. In certain cases, scopes of work are in process. This is a very attractive model for partners to be involved with Renovaro Cube
to perform multi-omics genetic analysis using liquid biopsies. 

Resources 

Renovaro Cube intends to hire additional
staff to increase the speed and velocity of its organization, including the development of the AI platform and the opportunities to deploy
the AI platform for research perspective and ultimately for clinical practice and into clinical trials. 

In addition, Renovaro Cube intends
to build out its infrastructure by leasing space for storage, networking and hosting facilities. 

Target Market 

Renovaro Cube s intended
customers will be hospitals, clinics, insurance companies, pharmaceutical companies, biotech companies, research centers, physicians and
individual patients. 

Renovaro Cube aims to utilize its
AI technology to commercialize products and test kits for healthcare providers, hospitals, clinics and doctors that will expedite diagnosis
and the selection of appropriate treatment for various types of cancer. Renovaro Cube intends to differentiate its products based on the
following factors: 

Proprietary and unique panel mining algorithms to create multiple biomarker stratifications per cancer; 

Explainable AI, offering traceability between the prediction and the exact biomarkers, panels and genes; 

Differential diagnosis, inclusion and exclusion of cancer types based on facts; and 

Precision diagnosis, with a high accuracy percentage with machine-learning tuning. 

The multi-omic design of Renovaro
Cube s AI platform enables the use of different molecular layers, such as epigenomics, transcriptomics, and metabolomics, together
with genomics and clinical data. 

Panel Mining 

The unique panel mining technique
in Renovaro Cube s technology repeatedly investigates genes to identify relevant biomarkers. The proprietary technique in Renovaro
Cube s technology not only searches for individual biomarkers, but also integrates validated panels for different cancer types into
the RenovaroCube machine learning library. This process enables precision diagnosis, by including one cancer and excluding
others based on statistically, scientifically and clinically validated machine-learning panels. 

27 

Panel mining is designed to combine
biomarkers into panels in such a way that the final panel meets: 

performance metric criteria; 

technical criteria, such as a minimum or maximum number of biomarkers for the selected assay; 

biological criteria, non-annotated genes inclusion; and 

stratification criteria. 

Explainable AI 

The term Explainable AI 
refers to the ability of an AI system or model to provide human-understandable explanations for its decision-making process or predictions.
This feature aims to bridge the gap between the black box nature of many AI algorithms and the need for transparency, interpretability,
and accountability in AI applications. 

In traditional machine learning
approaches, such as deep neural networks, the internal workings of the model can be complex and difficult to interpret. This lack of interpretability
poses challenges in critical domains where decisions have significant implications, such as healthcare. 

Renovaro Cube believes that Explainable
AI is crucial for ensuring transparency, fairness, and accountability in AI systems. Renovaro Cube s AI platform includes Explainable
AI by design. All data points, calculations and results are traceable, and all calculations are verifiable and reproducible with the same
result. 

Disease prognosis is one of the
diagnostic capabilities of the Explainable AI feature of Renovaro Cube s technology. Disease prognosis gives more insight for a
specific patient that empowers healthcare providers, patients, and their families to make well-informed decisions about treatment, care,
and future planning, thereby enhancing patient-centered care, optimizing resource utilization, and contributing to improved patient outcomes
and quality of life. 

Differential Diagnosis 

Renovaro Cube s AI platform
offers differential diagnosis by design due to its approach with a multitude of models for different diseases and the ability to include
and exclude diseases. 

Diseases like cancer are very homogenous,
meaning that markers like TP53 or BRCA are expressed with multiple cancers. To address this homogeneity, differential diagnosis distinguishes
between two or more conditions or diseases that share similar signs, symptoms or characteristics. The goal of differential diagnosis is
to consider and evaluate all possible diagnoses for the patient s symptoms to determine the most likely cause. Differential diagnosis
therefore aims to identify the underlying condition accurately and guide appropriate treatment and management strategies. 

Corporate History 

We were incorporated under the
laws of the State of Delaware on January 18, 2011, under the name Putnam Hills Corp. and in 2014 we merged with and changed our name to
DanDrit Biotech USA, Inc. In 2018, we acquired Enochian Biopharma and changed our name to Enochian BioSciences Inc. In August 2023, the
Company changed its corporate name to Renovaro Biosciences Inc. On February 13, 2024, the Company changed its corporate name to Renovaro
Inc. On February 13, 2024, Renovaro Inc. acquired Renovaro Cube Intl Ltd and its subsidiaries, in which Renovaro Cube became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Renovaro Inc. 

28 

Going Concern and Management s Plans 

The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared using the
generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of
liabilities in the normal course of business. However, the Company has incurred substantial recurring losses from continuing operations,
has used cash in the Company s continuing operations, and is dependent on additional financing to fund operations. The Company incurred
a net loss of 44,212,036 and 9,175,028 for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the
Company had cash and cash equivalents of 220,571 and an accumulated deficit of 368,891,461 and a working capital deficit of 21,087,220.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date
the financial statements are issued. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to
continue in existence. 

Management has reduced overhead and administrative costs by streamlining the organization
to focus around the development and validation of its AI-driven cancer diagnostics platform. The Company has tailored its workforce to
focus on these activities. In addition, the Company intends to secure additional required funding through equity or debt financing. However,
there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain any sources of funding. Such additional funding may not be available
or may not be available on reasonable terms, and, in the case of equity financing transactions, could result in significant additional
dilution to our stockholders. If we do not obtain required additional equity or debt funding, our cash resources will be depleted and
we could be required to materially reduce or suspend operations, which would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, stock
price and our relationships with third parties with whom we have business relationships, at least until additional funding is obtained.
If we do not have sufficient funds to continue operations, we could be required to seek bankruptcy protection or other alternatives that
could result in our stockholders losing some or all of their investment in us. 

Funding that we may receive during
the fiscal year 2025 is expected to be used to satisfy existing and future obligations and liabilities and working capital needs, to support
commercialization of our products, to conduct the clinical and regulatory work to develop our product candidates, and to begin building
working capital reserves. 

Results of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023 

The following table sets forth
our revenues, expenses and net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The financial information below is derived
from our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

For the Three Months Ended 

September 30, 
 Increase/(Decrease) 

2024 
 2023 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative 
 5,301,251 
 8,290,210 
 (2,988,959 
 (36 
 
 Research and development 
 390,189 
 566,644 
 (176,455 
 (31 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 47,614,729 
 
 47,614,729 
 100 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 32,385 
 27,260 
 5,125 
 19 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 53,338,554 
 8,884,114 
 44,454,440 
 500 
 
 LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 
 (53,338,554 
 (8,884,114 
 (44,454,440 
 500 
 
 Other Income (Expenses) 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 9,250,000 
 
 9,250,000 
 100 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 
 (120,018 
 (120,018 
 (100 
 
 Interest expense 
 (250,080 
 (179,271 
 (70,809 
 39 
 
 Interest income and other income (expense) 
 126,598 
 8,375 
 118,223 
 1,412 
 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 
 9,126,518 
 (290,914 
 9,417,432 
 (3,237 
 
 NET LOSS 
 (44,212,036 
 (9,175,028 
 (35,037,008 
 382 

29 

Revenues 

We are a pre-revenue, pre-clinical
biotechnology and artificial intelligence driven healthcare technology company. We have never generated revenues and have incurred losses
since inception. We do not anticipate earning any revenues until our therapies or products are approved for marketing and sale. 

Expenses 

Our operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
were 53,338,554 and 8,884,114, respectively, representing an increase of 44,454,440, or approximately 500 . The increase in operating
expenses primarily relates to goodwill impairment of 47,614,729 offset by the decrease in general and administrative expenses of
 2,988,959 and the decrease in research and development expenses of 176,455. 

General
and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, were 5,301,251 and 8,290,210, respectively, representing
a decrease of 2,988,959 or approximately 36 . The variance is related to a decrease in non-cash consulting fees of 3,070,000 partially
offset by an increase in compensation and related expenses of 377,142 and legal expenses of 261,903. 

Research and development expenses
for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, were 390,189 and 566,644, respectively, representing a decrease of 176,455
or approximately 31 . The variance is primarily driven by a decrease of 262,065 in collaborating partner expenses with CDMO and
CROs related to discontinued product candidates. 

The
 Company recorded
other income of 9,126,518 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to other expense of 290,914 for the three months ended
September 30, 2023, representing a change in other income (expense) of 9,417,432 or 3,237 . The variance is primarily due to the change
in fair value of contingent consideration of 9,250,000 in the current period. 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, was 44,212,036
and 9,175,028, respectively, representing an increase in net loss of 35,037,008 or approximately 382 . The increase in net loss was
primarily due to an increase in goodwill impairment of 47,614,729, partially offset by the change in fair value of contingent consideration
of 9,250,000. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have historically satisfied
our capital and liquidity requirements through funding from stockholders, the sale of our Common Stock and warrants, and debt financing.
We have never generated any sales revenue to support our operations, and we expect this to continue until our therapies or products are
approved for marketing in the United States and/or Europe. Even if we are successful in having our therapies or products approved for
sale in the United States and/or Europe, we cannot guarantee that a market for the therapies or products will develop. We may never be
profitable. 

As noted above under the heading
 Going Concern and Management s Plans, through September 30, 2024, we have incurred substantial losses. We will need
additional funds both in the next twelve months and beyond for (a) research and development, (b) increases in personnel, (c) the purchase
of equipment, and investment in the development and validation of our technology. The availability of any required additional funding
cannot be assured. In addition, an adverse outcome in legal or regulatory proceedings in which we are currently involved or in the future
may be involved could adversely affect our liquidity and financial position. We may raise such funds from time to time through public
or private sales of our equity or debt securities. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and our failure
to raise capital when needed could materially adversely affect our growth plans and our financial condition and results of operations. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 220,571 in cash and working capital
of (21,087,220) as compared to 220,467 in cash and working capital of (28,312,274) as of June 30, 2024, a decrease of zero and 26 ,
respectively. 

30 

Assets 

Total assets at September 30, 2024, were 121,832,637 compared to 163,129,450
as of June 30, 2024. The decrease in assets is primarily due to goodwill impairment of 47,614,729 in the current period. 

Liabilities 

Total liabilities at September 30, 2024, were 23,745,639 compared to 31,152,306
as of June 30, 2024. The decrease in total liabilities was primarily related to the decrease of 9,250,000 in contingent consideration
liability, partially offset by an increase of 1,953,540 in accounts payable. 

The following is a summary of the
Company s cash flows (used in) or provided by operating, investing, and financing activities: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 (2,016,328 
 (2,777,207 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 
 (1,057,875 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 2,029,183 
 2,562,817 
 
 Effect of exchange rates on cash 
 (12,751 
 (78,741 
 
 Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 104 
 (1,351,006 

Cash Flows 

Cash used in operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024,
and 2023 was 2,016,328) and 2,777,207), respectively, representing a decrease of 760,879. The decrease is primarily related to the
changes in our operating assets and liabilities. 

Cash used in investing activities
for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 was zero and 1,057,875), respectively. Cash used in investing activities during
the prior period primarily related to the issuance of notes receivable prior to the acquisition of Renovaro Cube totaling 1,057,875. 

Cash provided by financing activities
for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 2,029,183 as compared to cash provided by financing activities of 2,562,817 during
the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company received net proceeds of 156,947
from issuance of notes payable and 2,096,181 from private placements that were partially offset by 223,945 in repayment of a finance
agreement. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company does not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company s financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material
to investors. 

Significant Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting
Estimates 

The methods, estimates, and judgments
that we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on the results that we report in our financial statements. Some
of our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding
matters that are inherently uncertain. 

31 

For a summary of our accounting
policies, see Note 1 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company 
as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this
Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer (the Certifying Officers are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures for the Company. The Certifying Officers have designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information
is made known to them, particularly during the period in which this Report was prepared. 

The Certifying Officers are responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company and used the Internal Control
over Financial Reporting Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO to conduct
an extensive review of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act, Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15-d-15(e)) as of the end of each of the periods covered by this Report (the Evaluation Date ). Based upon that evaluation,
the Certifying Officers concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in ensuring
that the information we were required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. The deficiency is attributed
to the Company not having adequate resources to address complex accounting matters. This control deficiency will be monitored, and attention
will be given to this matter as we grow. 

The Certifying Officers based their
conclusion on the fact that the Company has identified a material weakness in controls over financial reporting, detailed above. We expect
to be deficient in our disclosure controls and procedures until sufficient capital is available to hire the appropriate internal accounting
staff. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

There have been no changes in our
internal controls over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected or are reasonably
likely to materially affect our internal controls. 

32 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

Securities Class Action Litigation. On July 26,
2022 and July 28, 2022, securities class action complaints (the former, the Chow Action and the latter, the Manici
Action and together, the Securities Class Action Litigation were filed by purported stockholders of the Company
in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against the Company and certain of the Company s current
and former officers and directors. The complaints allege, among other things, that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, by making false and misleading statements and omissions of
material fact in connection with the Company s relationship with Serhat G mr kc and its commercial prospects. The
complaints seek unspecified damages, interest, fees, and costs. On November 22, 2022, the Manici Action was voluntarily dismissed without
prejudice, but the Chow action remains pending. On October 22, 2023, the Court appointed a lead plaintiff in the Chow Action. The
lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint on December 15, 2023. The Company has filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on March
15, 2024. The Court denied the Company s motion to dismiss on June 28, 2024. A mediation was held on September 17, 2024, after which
the parties signed a stipulation of settlement, dated November 8, 2024. The plaintiff s deadline to file a motion for preliminary
approval of the settlement is December 9, 2024. 

Federal Derivative Litigation . On September 22,
2022, Samuel E. Koenig filed a shareholder derivative action in the United States District Court for the Central District of California.
On January 19, 2023, John Solak filed a substantially similar shareholder derivative action in the United States District Court for the
District of Delaware. Both derivative actions recite similar underlying facts as those alleged in the Securities Class Action Litigation.
The actions, filed on behalf of the Company, name Serhat G mr kc and certain of the Company s former directors as
defendants. The actions also name the Company as a nominal defendant. The actions allege violations of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and also set out claims for breach of fiduciary duty, contribution and indemnification, aiding and abetting,
and gross mismanagement. Plaintiffs do not quantify any alleged injury, but seek damages, disgorgement, restitution, and other costs and
expenses. On January 24, 2023, the United States District Court for the Central District of California stayed the Koenig matter pending
resolution of the defendants anticipated motion to dismiss in the Securities Class Action Litigation. On April 4, 2023, the United
States District Court for the District of Delaware stayed the Solak matter pending resolution of the defendants anticipated motion
to dismiss in the Securities Class Action Litigation. On June 28, 2024, the United States District Court for the Central District of California
denied defendants motion to dismiss the Securities Class Action Litigation. On October 23, 2024, the court in the Koenig matter
stayed the case pending further order of the court. The parties deadline to file a joint status report in the Koenig matter
is January 10, 2025. On October 28, 2024, the court in the Solak matter stayed the case for ninety (90) days. The defendants
have not yet responded to either complaint. The Company intends to contest these matters but expresses no opinion as to the likelihood
of favorable outcomes. Management is unable to determine the likelihood of a loss, including a possible range of losses, if any, arising
from this matter as of the reporting date. 

State Derivative Litigation. On October 20,
2022, Susan Midler filed a shareholder derivative action in the Superior Court of California, Los Angeles County, reciting similar underlying
facts as those alleged in the Securities Class Action Litigation. The action, filed on behalf of the Company, names Serhat G mr kc 
and certain of the Company s current and former directors as defendants. The action also names the Company as a nominal defendant.
The action sets out claims for breaches of fiduciary duty, contribution and indemnification, aiding and abetting, and gross mismanagement.
Plaintiff does not quantify any alleged injury, but seeks damages, disgorgement, restitution, and other costs and expenses. On January
20, 2023, the Court stayed the Midler matter pending resolution of the defendants anticipated motion to dismiss in the Securities
Class Action Litigation. On June 28, 2024, the United States District Court for the Central District of California denied defendants 
motion to dismiss the Securities Class Action Litigation. On October 28, 2024, the court in the Midler matter stayed the case for ninety
(90) days. The defendants have not yet responded to the complaint. The Company intends to contest this matter but expresses no opinion
as to the likelihood of a favorable outcome. Management is unable to determine the likelihood of a loss, including a possible range of
losses, if any, arising from this matter as of the reporting date. 

33 

On October
21, 2022, the Company filed a Complaint in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles against Serhat
G mr kc , William Anderson Wittekind Wittekind ), G Tech Bio, SG AW Holdings, LLC, and SRI (collectively,
the Defendants ). The Complaint alleges that the Defendants engaged in a concerted, deliberate scheme to alter, falsify,
and misrepresent to the Company the results of multiple studies supporting its Hepatitis B and SARS-CoV-2/influenza pipelines. 
Specifically, Defendants manipulated negative results to reflect positive outcomes from various studies, and even fabricated studies
out of whole cloth. As a result of the Defendants conduct, the Company claims that it paid approximately 25 million
to Defendants and third-parties that it would not otherwise have paid. On April 21, 2023, defendants Wittekind, G Tech, SG 
AW Holdings, LLC, and SRI filed a demurrer with respect to some, but not all, of the Company s claims, as well as a motion to strike.
On September 6, 2023, the court denied in part and granted in part the pending motions. On September 7, 2023, the court entered a case
management order setting the final status conference, trial, and other intervening deadlines. 

On December
4, 2023, the Defendants answered the Company s First Amended Complaint and G Tech and SRI filed a Cross-Complaint. In the Cross-Complaint,
G Tech and SRI seek declaratory and injunctive relief related to certain agreements between G Tech, SRI, and the Company, including, inter
alia , a declaration that the Framework Agreement, effective as of November 15, 2019, the Statement of Work License Agreement,
effective as of January 31, 2020, and the Statement of Work and License Agreement for Influenza and Coronavirus Indications, effective
as of April 18, 2021, have been terminated and the Company has no rights to any license under such agreements. Trial is currently scheduled
to begin on March 3, 2025. The Company denies these allegations and intends to vigorously defend against the cross claims while pursuing
its claims against the Defendants. 

On March 1, 2021, the Company s
former Chief Financial Officer, Robert Wolfe and his company, Crossfield, Inc., filed a Complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District
of Vermont against the Company, Renovaro Biosciences Denmark ApS, and certain directors and officers. In the Complaint, Mr. Wolfe and
Crossfield, Inc. asserted claims for abuse of process and malicious prosecution, alleging, inter alia, that the Company lacked probable
cause to file and prosecute an earlier action, and sought millions of dollars of compensatory damages, as well as punitive damages. The
allegations in the Complaint relate to an earlier action filed by the Company and Renovaro Biosciences Denmark ApS in the Vermont Superior
Court, Orange Civil Division. On March 3, 2022, the court partially granted the Company s motion to dismiss, dismissing the abuse
of process claim against all defendants and all claims against Mark Dybul and Henrik Gr nfeldt-S rensen, the Company s
former Chief Executive Officer and former member of the Board of Directors, respectively. On November 29, 2022, the Company filed a motion
for summary judgment with respect to the sole remaining claim of malicious prosecution. On August 24, 2023, the court denied the motion
for summary judgment. On November 7, 2024, the Court reset the trial date for May 6, 2025. The Company denies the allegations set forth
in the Complaint and will continue to vigorously defend against the remaining claim. 

On June 7, 2023, Weird Science
LLC Weird Science ), Wittekind, the William Anderson Wittekind 2020 Annuity Trust, the William Anderson Wittekind 2021 Annuity
Trust, the Dybul 2020 Angel Annuity Trust, and the Ty Mabry 2021 Annuity Trust (collectively, the Trusts (collectively,
 Plaintiffs filed a Verified Complaint against the Company in the Court of Chancery of Delaware. In the Verified Complaint,
Plaintiffs alleged that the Company breached the February 16, 2018 Investor Rights Agreement between the Company, Weird Science, and RS
Group ApS (the Investor Rights Agreement ). According to the Verified Complaint, the Investor Rights Agreement required the
Company to (i) notify all Holders of Registrable Securities at least 30 days prior to filing a registration
statement and (ii) afford such Holders an opportunity to have their Registrable Securities included in such registration statement. Plaintiffs
alleged that the Company breached these registration rights by failing to provide the required notice in connection with S-3 registration
statements filed by the Company on July 13, 2020 and February 11, 2022. The Company moved to dismiss the Verified Complaint on September
15, 2023. 

On December
4, 2023, in lieu of opposing the motion to dismiss, Plaintiffs filed a Verified First Amended Complaint FAC ). In the FAC,
Plaintiffs assert claims against the Company and others for purported breaches of the Investor Rights Agreement, fraud, tortious interference
with a contract, and several other torts. Plaintiffs seek compensatory, exemplary, and punitive damages, as well as certain declaratory
relief, specific performance, and pre- and post-judgment interest, costs, and attorneys fees. The Company filed a motion to dismiss
the FAC on December 18, 2023 and a hearing is scheduled for November 15, 2024. The Company denies Plaintiffs allegations and intends
to vigorously defend against the claims. 

34 

On August 24, 2023, counsel on
behalf of Weird Science, Wittekind, individually, and Wittekind, as trustee of the Trusts served a demand to inspect the Company s
books and records (the Demand pursuant to Delaware General Corporation Law, 220 Section 220 ). The
Demand seeks the Company s books and records in connection with various issues identified in the Demand. The Company takes its obligations
under Section 220 seriously and, to the extent that the requests are proper under Section 220, intends to comply with those obligations. 

On January 19, 2024, Weird Science
and Wittekind sent the Board of Directors a letter demanding it take corrective actions with respect to twenty-one issues identified therein.
On February 27, 2024, Weird Science and Wittekind sent the Board of Directors a supplemental letter that expanded their demand for corrective
actions to twenty-six issues. In response to these demand letters, the Board of Directors initially formed a Special Committee Special
Committee of independent directors on February 29, 2024. The Special Committee retained Stradling Yocca Carlson Rauth LLP
as its counsel to investigate the issues identified in the demand letters. The Special Committee s investigation is ongoing. 

On January 23, 2024, Weird Science
and Wittekind filed a shareholder derivative action in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against
certain officers, directors, and investors of the Company, as well as other defendants, in connection with, inter alia , Weird Science
and Wittekind s demand for corrective action. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on June 21, 2024. The First Amended Verified
Stockholder Derivative Complaint Derivative Complaint alleges, among other claims, violations of Section 13(d) and 14(a)
and Rules 10b-5(a), 10b-5(c) and 14a-9 of the Exchange Act of 1934. The Derivative Complaint also includes claims of breach of fiduciary
duty, corporate waste, unjust enrichment, and contribution/indemnification. Weird Science and Wittekind seek unspecified compensatory,
exemplary, and punitive damages and certain injunctive relief. The Derivative Complaint names the Company as a nominal defendant. On July
19, 2024, certain of the director defendants, who had agreed to waive service of the summons and Derivative Complaint, filed a motion
to dismiss the Derivative Complaint on a variety of procedural and substantive grounds. A hearing on the motion dismiss was held on October
3, 2024 and the court subsequently took the motion under submission. On October 22, 2024, the plaintiffs filed a notice of certain subsequent
events that they allege relate to their pending motion to dismiss. On October 29, 2024, the court granted the director defendants 
motion to dismiss and dismissed the Derivative Complaint without prejudice, but also without leave to amend. 

On June 21, 2024, the Company filed
suit against Weird Science, Wittekind, and certain trusts in connection with the February 16, 2018 merger involving the Company and two
companies closely associated with Gumrukcu. In the complaint, the Company alleges that Gumrukcu and others deliberately and fraudulently
concealed a murder-for-hire scheme from the Company in order to induce the Company to enter into the merger agreement, which resulted
in the defendants receiving shares and compensation. The Company asserts claims for fraudulent concealment, equitable fraud, unjust enrichment,
and civil conspiracy and seeks, inter alia , equitable relief, including, but not limited to, return to the Company any shares received
in connection with the merger, and damages. On October 1, 2024, the defendants moved to dismiss the complaint. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller
reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company is not required to provide the
information required by this Item. 

 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

Insider Trading Plans 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director
or Section 16 officer , modified, or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement (in each case, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 

35 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Second Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 13, 2024, by and among Renovaro Inc., GEDi Cube Intl Ltd., the sellers party thereto and Yalla Yalla Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024) 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 24, 2024) 

4.1 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2024) 

10.1 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2024) 

10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between David Weinstein and Renovaro Inc., dated as of October 14, 2024. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 RENOVARO INC. 

By: 
 /s/ David Weinstein 

David Weinstein 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Simon Tarsh 

Simon Tarsh 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

37 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 e6117_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

EXHIBIT 10.2 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated
as of October 14, 2024, by and between DAVID WEINSTEIN, residing at 23277 Water Circle, Boca Raton, Florida 33486 (the Senior
Executive ), and RENOVARO, INC., a Delaware corporation with its mailing address located at 2080 Century Park East, 906, Los
Angeles, CA 90067 (the Company ). 

R E C I T A L S: 

WHEREAS , the Company is
engaged in the business of biotechnology related to the detection, treatment or cure of infectious diseases, including the use of AI technology,
and ancillary businesses or services related thereto (the Business ). 

WHEREAS , the Senior Executive
is desirous of being employed by the Company and the Company is desirous of employing as the Senior Executive on the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement; 

NOW , THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the parties contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and legal sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Employment;
Term . The Company shall employ the Senior Executive, and the Senior Executive shall accept employment by the Company, upon the terms
and provisions, and subject to the conditions, of this Agreement. The term of the Senior Executive s employment hereunder shall
commence on October 14, 2024 (the Employment Date on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Senior
Executive as set forth herein and shall terminate on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Employment Date, (as the same may be extended
in accordance with this Agreement or terminated earlier as provided in this Agreement (the Employment Term )). This
Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods following the initial two (2) year Employment Term and any extensions
thereof, if applicable, unless either party provides written notice to the other party not less than ninety (90) days prior to the end
of the then-existing Employment Term, that such party does not desire the Employment Term to automatically renew, in which event this
Agreement shall terminate as of the last day of the then-existing Employment Term. 

2. Position
and Duties . 

(a) Position .
The Company shall employ the Senior Executive, and the Senior Executive shall initially serve, as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
The Senior Executive shall be responsible for overseeing and managing the operational affairs of the Business. The Senior Executive shall
have such additional responsibilities or duties with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries, and their respective operations, as
may be determined and assigned to the Senior Executive of the Company. 

(b) Duties;
Other Organizations . During the Employment Term, the Senior Executive agrees to devote his full time and efforts exclusively on behalf
of the Company and to competently, diligently and effectively discharge all of his duties hereunder. During the Employment Term, the Senior
Executive shall not be prohibited in any way from participating in such educational, welfare, social, religious, charitable, civic, or
other nonemployment organizations, or activities such as Oasis Dominical LLC which as do not interfere with the full-time employment hereunder
and which do not violate any of provisions of this Agreement. The Senior Executive further agrees to comply fully with all reasonable
company policies as they are in effect from time to time during the Employment Term. 

(c) Investments .
Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit the Senior Executive from making any investments in the securities of any entity or business
enterprise; provided , however , that during the Employment Term, the Senior Executive shall not: (i) make any investments
(other than passive investments as defined below) in the securities of any entity or business enterprise which engages in
a business that competes directly with the Business; (ii) manage, supervise, run or direct any entity or business enterprise other than
the Company or (iii) maintain his various securities licenses with a registered broker-dealer and act as a sales representative therewith.
An investment shall be considered a passive investment to the extent that such securities (i) are actively traded on a United
States national securities exchange, on the NASDAQ National Market System or Small Cap Market System, on the OTC Bulletin Board, or on
any foreign securities exchange, and (ii) represent, at the time such investment is made, less than five percent (5 of the aggregate
voting power of such entity or business enterprise. 

3. Base
Salary . 

(a) Base
Salary . During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay to the Senior Executive an annual salary of 400,000 (the Base
Salary ). The Base Salary shall be payable in equal bi-weekly installments during any year of the Employment Term in accordance
with the Company s normal payroll procedures; provided , however , that such payments shall be subject to withholding
for applicable taxes and any other amounts generally withheld from compensation paid to salaried senior executives of the Company. 

(b) Sign
On Bonus . The Company shall issue the Senior Executive 250,000 shares of RENOVARO, INC. Common stock immediately upon the execution
of this contract. Upon raising 2,000,000 in additional capital, the Company will deliver a sign-on bonus of 25,000 USD to the senior
executive (the Sign-On Bonus ). The Sign-On Bonus is in addition to the Base Salary. 

(c) Annual
Bonus . With respect to each calendar year during the Term, Senior Executive shall be eligible to earn an annual discretionary cash
bonus (the Annual Bonus ), with a target Annual Bonus of up to 150,000 (the Target Bonus ), subject
to standard payroll deductions and withholdings, based on the Company s achievement of certain performance goals as determined by
the Board. The terms and criteria applicable to the Annual Bonus are as set forth on Exhibit A hereto. The Company shall pay the
Annual Bonus to Senior Executive in the following calendar year, but no later than March 15th of such year, subject to Senior Executive s
continued employment on the date such Annual Bonus is paid. For the calendar year in which the Effective Date occurs, Senior Executive s
Annual Bonus shall be pro-rated based on the number of days remaining in the calendar year following the Effective Date. 

(d) Equity
Grant . On the Employment Date, the Company shall grant to the Employee an equity incentive grant in the amount of 1,600,000 5-year
stock options to purchase common stock of the Company (the Equity Grant ), which shall have a strike price equal to
the closing price of the common stock on the Employment Date and shall vest ratably on a quarterly basis over a period of eight quarters
commencing on January 1, 2025. Additionally, the Company shall grant to the Senior Executive a discretionary equity grant on the first
anniversary of the Employment Date in an amount of up to 250,000 shares of common stock (the Discretionary Equity Grant in such amount and on such terms as determined in the sole discretion of the Company. 

4. Business
Expenses . 

(a) Business
Expenses . The Company shall reimburse the Senior Executive for all business-related expenses including but not limited to computer
and carrier service charges and Bloomberg, business travel, meals and entertainment expenses, that are reasonable and necessary to the
conduct by the Senior Executive of the performance of his duties in connection with the conduct of the Business; provided that
if upon request of the Company, the Senior Executive is not able to provide written, detailed substantiation that any expenses the Company
may deny reimbursement of the expenses in accordance with then current business expense policy of the Company. 

5. Benefits;
Indemnification and D O Insurance . 

(a) Certain
Benefits . During the Employment Term the Company will pay for the Senior Executive and his family s health and dental insurance.
Initially this will entail paying for the current insurance that is in effect for the Senior Executive and his family. The Senior Executive
may (subject to applicable eligibility requirements) participate in such insurance and health and medical benefits as are generally made
available to the senior executives of the Company pursuant to such plans as are from time to time maintained by the Company; provided ,
 however , that the Company shall implement and maintain a health and medical plan as soon after the Employment Date as is reasonably
practical and maintain such throughout the Employment Term. 

(b) Vacation
and Paid Time off . During the Employment Term, the Senior Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid time off per calendar
year (as prorated for partial years) (the Annual Vacation Grant ), during the term in accordance with the Company s
policy. The full Annual Vacation Grant will be available at the beginning of each calendar year. Unused vacation shall not carry over
from year to year nor shall any unused vacation relating to a prior year be paid out upon termination. Unused vacation in respect of the
year of termination will be paid out upon termination of the Executive s employment on the Termination Date of the Senior Executive s
employment. 

2 

(c) Other
Benefits . During the Employment Term, the Senior Executive shall be entitled to receive such other benefits as may be provided to
other similarly situated senior executives of the Company. 

6. Covenant
Not to Solicit . 

(a) No
Solicitation . The Senior Executive shall not, during the Employment Term and the twenty-four (24) month period following the Employment
Term (the Restriction Period directly or indirectly, solicit, entice, persuade, induce or cause any employee, officer,
manager, director, consultant, agent or independent contractor of the Company to terminate his, her or its employment, consultancy or
other engagement by the Company to become employed by or engaged by any individual, entity, corporation, partnership, association, or
other organization (collectively, Person other than the Company, or approach any such employee, officer, manager,
director, consultant, agent or independent contractor for any of the foregoing purposes, or authorize or assist in the taking of any of
such actions by any Person. 

(b) Prohibited
Actions . The Senior Executive shall not, during the Restriction Period, directly or indirectly, solicit, entice, persuade, induce
or cause: 

(i) any
Person who either was a customer of the Company at any time during the Employment Term or is a customer of the Company at any time during
the Restriction Period; or 

(ii) any
lessee, vendor or supplier to, or any other Person who had or has a business relationship with, the Company at any time during the Employment
Term or the Restriction Period; 

(the Persons referred to in items (i) and (ii) above,
collectively, the Prohibited Persons to enter into a business relationship with any other Person for the same or
similar services, activities or goods that any such Prohibited Person purchased from, was engaged in with or provided to, the Company
or to reduce or terminate such Prohibited Person s business relationship with the Company; and the Senior Executive shall not, directly
or indirectly, approach any such Prohibited Person for any such purpose, or authorize or assist in the taking of any of such actions by
any Person. 

(c) Terms .
For purposes of this Section 6, the terms employee , consultant , agent , and independent
contractor shall include any Persons with such status at any time during the six (6) months preceding any solicitation in question. 

(d) Referrals .
Nothing in this Section 6 shall be interpreted as prohibiting the Senior Executive from referring business to a consultant, agent,
lessee, vendor or supplier of the Company so long as the consultancy or other engagement with the Company is not adversely affected thereby. 

7. Non-Competition .
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Senior Executive shall not, anywhere within the Restricted Territory , as hereinafter
defined, directly or indirectly, alone or in association with any other Person, directly or indirectly, (i) acquire, or own in any manner,
any interest in any Person that engages in the Business or that engages in any business, activity or enterprise that competes with any
aspect of the Business, or (ii) be interested in (whether as an owner, director, officer, partner, member, lender, shareholder, vendor,
consultant, employee, advisor, agent, independent contractor or otherwise), or otherwise participate in the management or operation of,
any Person that engages in any business, activity or enterprise that competes with any aspect of the Business. For purposes hereof, Restricted
Territory is global . 

8. Protection
of Confidential Information . The Senior Executive acknowledges that prior to the Employment Date the Senior Executive has had access
to, and during the course of the Senior Executive s employment hereunder will have access to, significant Confidential Information
(defined below). During the Restriction Period, (i) the Senior Executive shall maintain all Confidential Information in strict confidence
and shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any other Person, except as necessary in connection with the performance of the
Senior Executive s duties and obligations under this Agreement, or as the Senior Executive may be compelled to disclose by law and
(ii) the Senior Executive shall not use any Confidential Information for any purpose whatsoever except in connection with the performance
of the Senior Executive s duties and obligations under this Agreement. 

3 

For purposes of this Agreement,
 Confidential Information shall mean any and all information pertaining to the Company and the Business, whether such
information is in written form or communicated orally, visually or otherwise, that is proprietary, non-public or relates to any trade
secret, including, but not limited to, (i) information, observations and data obtained by the Senior Executive while employed by the Company
concerning the Business, (ii) products or services, (iii) fees, costs and pricing structures, (iv) all business records and business strategies,
(v) designs and analyses, (vi) drawings, photographs and reports, (vii) computer software, including operating systems, applications and
program listings, (viii) flow charts, manuals and documentation, (ix) data bases, (x) accounting and business methods, (xi) inventions,
devices, new developments, methods and processes, whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice, (xii) customers,
suppliers, clients and customer, supplier and client lists, (xiii) other copyrightable works, (xiv) marketing plans and trade secrets,
and (xv) all similar and related information in whatever form. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall
not include information that (i) is or becomes generally available to, or known by, the public through no fault of the Senior Executive,
or (ii) is independently acquired or developed by the Senior Executive without violating any of his obligations under this Agreement. 

9. Inventions .
The Senior Executive shall disclose promptly to the Company any and all conceptions and ideas for inventions, improvements, and valuable
discoveries, whether patentable or not, which are conceived or made by the Employee solely or jointly with another during the period of
employment or within one (1) year thereafter and which are related to the business or activities of the Company. The Senior Executive
hereby assigns and agrees to assign all his interest therein to Company or its nominee. Whenever requested by the Company, the Senior
Executive shall execute any and all applications, assigns or other instruments that the Company shall deem necessary to apply for and
obtain Letters of Patents of the United States or any foreign country or to otherwise protect the Company s interest therein. These
obligations shall continue beyond termination of employment with respect to inventions, improvements and valuable discoveries, whether
patentable or not, conceived, made or acquired by the Senior Executive during the period of employment or within one year thereafter,
and shall be binding upon the Senior Executive s heirs, assigns, executors, administrators and other legal representatives. 

10. Return
of Property . All correspondence, reports, charts, products, records, designs, patents, plans, manuals, sales and marketing material,
memorandum, advertising materials, customer lists, distributor lists, vendor lists, telephones, beepers, portable computers, and any other
such data, information or property collected by or delivered to the Senior Executive by or on behalf of the Company, their representatives,
customers, suppliers or others and all other materials compiled by the Senior Executive which pertain to the business of the Company shall
be and shall remain the property of the Company and shall be delivered to the Company promptly upon its request at any time and without
respect upon completion or other termination of the Senior Executive s employment hereunder for any reason. 

11. Representations
of the Senior Executive . The Senior Executive represents and warrants to the Company that he is not subject to any restriction or
non-competition covenant in favor of a former employer or any other person or entity, and that the execution of this Agreement by the
Senior Executive and his provision of services to the Company and the performance of his obligations hereunder will not violate or be
a breach of any agreement with a former employer or any other person or entity. Further, the Senior Executive agrees to indemnify the
Company for any claim, including but not limited to attorneys fees and expenses of investigation, by any such third party that
such third party may now have or may hereafter have against the Company based upon any noncompetition agreement, invention or secrecy
agreement between the Senior Executive and such third party. 

12. Certain
Additional Agreements . 

(a) Legitimate
Interest . The Senior Executive agrees that it is a legitimate interest of the Company and reasonable and necessary for the protection
of the goodwill and business of the Company, which are valuable to the Company, that the Senior Executive make the covenants contained
in Sections 6,7,8,9, and 10 (the Selected Covenants ). 

(b) Fair
and Reasonable . The parties acknowledge that (i) the type and periods of restriction imposed in the Selected Covenants are fair and
reasonable and are reasonably required to protect and maintain the proprietary and other legitimate business interests of the Company,
as well as the goodwill associated with the Business conducted by the Company, (ii) the Business conducted by the Company extends throughout
the United States, and (iii) the time, scope, geographic area and other provisions of the Selected Covenants have been specifically negotiated
by sophisticated commercial parties represented by experienced legal counsel. 

4 

(c) Illegality .
In the event that any covenant contained in this Agreement, including, without limitation, any of the Selected Covenants shall be determined
by any court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable by reason of its extending for too great a period of time
or over too great a geographical area or by reason of its being too extensive in any other respect, (i) such covenant shall be interpreted
to extend over the maximum period of time for which it may be legal, valid and enforceable, as applicable, and/or over the maximum geographical
area as to which it may be legal, valid and enforceable, as applicable, and/or to the maximum extent in all other respects as to which
it may be legal, valid and enforceable, as applicable, all as determined by such court making such determination, and (ii) in its reduced
form, such covenant shall then be legal, valid and enforceable, as applicable, but such reduced form of covenant shall only apply with
respect to the operation of such covenant in the particular jurisdiction in or for which such adjudication is made. It is the intention
of the parties that such covenants shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. 

13. Specific
Performance . The Senior Executive acknowledges that any breach or threatened breach of the covenants contained in the Selected Covenants
will cause the Company material and irreparable damage, the exact amount of which will be difficult to ascertain and that the remedies
at law for any such breach or threatened breach will be inadequate. Accordingly, the Senior Executive agrees that the Company shall, in
addition to all other available rights and remedies (including, but not limited to, seeking such damages as either of them can show it
has sustained by reason of such breach), be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief in respect of any breach or threatened
breach of any of the Selected Covenants, without being required to post bond or other security and without having to prove the inadequacy
of the available remedies at law or irreparable harm. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event the Company is declared to have been in material default of this Agreement
by final arbitration in a forum selected by the parties or final adjudication in any court, Sections 6 and 7 of this Agreement shall terminate
and not be operative for any period of time thereafter. 

14. Termination . 

(a) For
Cause . The Company shall have the right to terminate the Senior Executive s employment under this Agreement at any time for
Cause (defined below) upon written notice to the Senior Executive. In the event the Senior Executive s employment hereunder is terminated
by the Company for Cause, the Senior Executive shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay the Senior Executive in accordance
with its normal payroll procedures, (i) the Base Salary owing to the Senior Executive hereunder through the date of termination; and (ii)
any business expenses which were properly reimbursable to the Senior Executive pursuant to Section 4 hereof through the date of
termination. The Senior Executive shall be entitled to no further payment upon such termination. The Senior Executive acknowledges and
agrees that each of the factors which comprise the definition of Cause constitutes, on an individual basis, adequate and
sufficient grounds for termination of the Senior Executive s employment with the Company. 

For purposes of this Agreement,
 Cause shall mean: 

(i) The
commission of any act of dishonesty by the Senior Executive with respect to the Company, including, but not limited to, misappropriation
of funds or any property of the Company; 

(ii) The
Senior Executive s refusal to perform assigned duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Company as determined by the Company
using reasonable business judgment; 

(iii) Gross
insubordination by the Senior Executive as determined in by the Company using reasonable business judgment; 

(iv) Any
breach by the Senior Executive of any covenant, condition or term contained in this Agreement or any other agreement(s) the Senior Executive
may from time to time have with the Company, and the Senior Executive s failure to cure such breach within fifteen (15) days of
the Senior Executive s receipt of written notice with respect thereto as determined by the Company using reasonable business judgment; 

5 

(v) The
Senior Executive s material violation of policies of the Company (including, without limitation, regarding equal employment opportunity,
employment discrimination, sexual or other forms of harassment and/or retaliation), which violation, in the judgment of the Company (using
reasonable business judgment), is not or cannot reasonably be expected to be cured within fifteen (15) days after written notice is given
to the Senior Executive by the Company; 

(vi) Any illegal drug or illegal substance use or abuse, any addiction or substantial dependence on the part of the Senior Executive on any
legal or illegal drug, legal or illegal substance or alcohol that, as determined by the Company using reasonable business judgment, impairs,
or could reasonably be expected to impair, the performance of the Senior Executive s duties or obligations as set forth in this
Agreement, or which is, or could reasonably be expected to become, materially injurious to the reputation or business of the Company,
other than the proper use of medication prescribed by a doctor; 

(vii) Any
conviction of the Senior Executive of, or no contest plea by the Senior Executive to, a crime which is a felony or a misdemeanor involving
an act of moral turpitude, or a misdemeanor committed in connection with his employment by the Company; 

(viii) The
Senior Executive s failure to perform the financial operations and management of the Company in accordance with any and all standards,
procedures and/or guidelines or manuals as set forth by the Company from time to time. 

(b) Without
Cause . The Company shall have the right to terminate the Senior Executive s employment hereunder without Cause at any time upon
thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Senior Executive. If the Company terminates the Senior Executive s employment hereunder
without Cause, the Senior Executive shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay the Senior Executive, in accordance with its
regular payroll policy, (i) Base Salary owing to the Executive through date of termination plus Base Salary for six (6) months (the period
for which Base Salary shall be owed to the Executive under this Section 14(b) shall be referred to herein as the Severance
Period ); any business expenses which were properly reimbursable to the Senior Executive pursuant to Section 4 hereof
through the date of termination; and (iv) during the Severance Period, the health, medical insurance and other benefits which are provided
to the Senior Executive in Section 5 hereunder. In addition, if the Company terminates the Senior Executive s employment
hereunder without Cause, any options, equity or other compensation awards, granted by the Company to the Senior Executive which have not
vested or are not yet exercisable shall automatically vest and become immediately exercisable by the Senior Executive commencing on the
date the Senior Executive is terminated without Cause and for a period of five (5) years following such date of termination. 

(c) Good
Reason . The Senior Executive shall be entitled to terminate his employment with the Company for Good Reason (as hereinafter defined)
upon notice to the Company of his intent to terminate so within thirty (30)days after he has actual knowledge of the event giving rise
to the notice and the Company fails to cure the condition specified in the Senior Executive s notice to the Company required to
be provided by this Section 14(c) within fifteen (15) days following such notice. If the Senior Executive terminates his employment
pursuant to this Section 14(c), such termination shall be deemed to be a termination by the Company without Cause, with the same effect
and affording to the Senior Executive the same rights and benefits as otherwise provided in this Agreement upon a termination of the Executive s
employment by the Company without Cause as provided in Section 14(b) hereof. 

For purposes of this Agreement,
 Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(i) The
Senior Executive is not retained as the CEO, even if the Senior Executive is allowed to continue in Company s employ; 

(ii) There
is a sale of substantially all of the assets or merger of the Company in which the Company is not the controlling entity; 

(iii) The
Company materially reduces the Senior Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder; 

(iv) Any
reduction in the Base Salary owed to the Senior Executive; 

6 

(v) The
Company fails to perform or observe any of its material obligations to the Senior Executive under this Agreement including, without limitation,
by failing to provide or cause the provision of, any compensation or benefits to the Senior Executive that it is obligated to provide
hereunder; or 

(vi) Fraudulent
or unethical behavior on the part of the Company. 

(d) Voluntary .
The Senior Executive shall be entitled to voluntarily terminate his employment with the Company prior to the end of the Employment Term
upon ninety (30) days prior written notice from the Senior Executive to the Company. If the Senior Executive voluntarily terminates his
employment hereunder, the Senior Executive shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay the Senior Executive in accordance
with its normal payroll procedures, (i) the Base Salary owing to the Senior Executive hereunder through the date of termination; and (i1)
any business expenses which were properly reimbursable to the Senior Executive pursuant to Section 4 hereof through the date of
termination. The Senior Executive shall be entitled to no further payment upon such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
Company upon receipt of Senior Executive s written notice of voluntary termination, desires to terminate the Senior Executive s
employment prior to the expiration of the 30 day notice period for any reason and at any time, then the Company shall pay the Senior Executive
his Base Salary for the time frame between the actual termination date and the 90 th day from the date of Senior Executive s
written notice of voluntary termination. If the Senior Executive voluntarily terminates his employment hereunder, it shall not be deemed
a breach of this Agreement by the Senior Executive or a violation of the Senior Executive s duties or obligations hereunder. 

15. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Notices .
All notices, demands, consents, requests, instructions and other communications to be given or delivered or permitted under or by reason
of the provisions of this Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall be in writing and shall be deemed
to be delivered and received by the intended recipient as follows: (i) if personally delivered, on the business day of such delivery (as
evidenced by the receipt of the personal delivery service), (ii) if mailed certified or registered mail return receipt requested, four
(4) business days after being mailed, (iii) if delivered by overnight courier (with all charges having been prepaid), on the business
day of such delivery (as evidenced by the receipt of the overnight courier service of recognized standing), or (iv) if delivered by facsimile
transmission, on the business day of such delivery if sent by 5:00 p.m. in the time zone of the recipient, or if sent after that time,
on the next succeeding business day (as evidenced by the printed confirmation of delivery generated by the sending party s facsimile
machine). If any notice, demand, consent, request, instruction or other communication cannot be delivered because of a changed address
of which no notice was given or the refusal to accept same, the notice, demand, consent, request, instruction or other communication shall
be deemed received on the second business day the notice is sent (as evidenced by a sworn affidavit of the sender). All such notices,
demands, consents, requests, instructions and other communications will be sent to the addresses set forth in the preamble to this agreement
or to such other address as any party may specify by notice given to the other party in accordance with this Section 15 . 

(b) Amendment .
This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or supplemented, except by a written agreement executed by each of the parties hereto. 

(c) Entire
Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior and/or contemporaneous understandings and agreements of any kind and nature (whether written or oral) among the parties
with respect to such subject matter, all of which are merged herein. 

(d) Waiver .
Any waiver by a party hereto of any breach of or failure to comply with any provision or condition of this Agreement by any other party
hereto shall not be construed as, or constitute, a continuing waiver of such provision or condition, or a waiver of any other breach of,
or failure to comply with, any other provision or condition of this Agreement, any such waiver to be limited to the specific matter and
instance for which it is given. No waiver of any such breach or failure or of any provision or condition of this Agreement shall be effective
unless in a written instrument signed by the party granting the waiver and delivered to the other party hereto in the manner provided
for hereunder in Section 15 . No failure or delay by any party to enforce or exercise its rights hereunder shall be deemed a waiver
hereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such rights,
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. 

7 

16. Section
409 (A) 

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 16.1 The
parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and
authoritative guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent applicable (collectively, Section 409A ), and all provisions
of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A.
In no event whatsoever will the Company, any of its affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, agents, attorneys, employees,
executives, shareholders, investors, members, managers, trustees, fiduciaries, representatives, principals, accountants, insurers, successors
or assigns be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Senior Executive under Section 409A or any damages
for failing to comply with Section 409A. 

16.2 Six-Month
Delay for Specified Employees. If any payment, compensation or other benefit provided to Executive
in connection with the termination of Executive s employment is determined, in whole or in part, to constitute nonqualified
deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and Executive is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(2)(B)(i)
of the Code, no part of such payments shall be paid before the day that is six (6) months plus one (1) day after the date of termination
or, if earlier, ten business days following Executive s death (the New Payment Date ). The aggregate of any
payments that otherwise would have been paid to Executive during the period between the date of termination and the New Payment Date shall
be paid to Executive in a lump sum on such New Payment Date. Thereafter, any payments that remain outstanding as of the day immediately
following the New Payment Date shall be paid without delay over the time period originally scheduled, in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement. 

16.3 Termination
as Separation from Service. A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred
for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits subject to Section 409A upon or following
a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A,
and for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a resignation, termination, terminate, 
 termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. 

16.4 Payments
for Reimbursements, and In-Kind Benefits. All reimbursements for costs and expenses under this
Agreement shall be paid in no event later than the end of the calendar month in which Executive incurs such expense. With regard to any
provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Section 409A, (i) the
right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and (ii) the amount of
expenses eligible for reimbursements or in-kind, benefits provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for
reimbursement or in-kind benefits to be provided in any other taxable year. 

16.5 Payments
Within Specified Number of Days. A payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with
reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the
actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the specified payment window. 

16.6 Installments
as Separate Payment. For purposes of Section 409A, Executive s right to receive any installment
payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. 

17. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction . 

(a) Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements
made and to be performed in that state, without regard to any of its principles of conflicts of laws or other laws that would result in
the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. 

8 

(b) Jurisdiction .
Each of the parties unconditionally and irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts of the State
of Delaware with respect to any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and each of the parties hereby
unconditionally and irrevocably waives any objection to venue in any such court or to assert that any such court is an inconvenient forum,
and agrees that service of any summons, complaint, notice or other process relating to such suit, action or other proceeding may be effected
in the manner provided in this Agreement. Each of the parties hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives the right to a trial by jury
in any such action, suit or other proceeding. 

18. Binding
Effect, No Assignment, etc . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
legal representatives, heirs, estate, successors and permitted assigns. Neither this Agreement nor any right, interest or obligation hereunder
may be assigned by any party hereto without the prior written consent of the other party, and any attempt to do so shall be void and of
no force and effect, except (i) assignments and transfers by operation of law and (ii) that the Company may assign any or all of its respective
rights, interests and obligations hereunder to any purchaser of a majority of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company
or a substantial part of the assets of the Company. 

19. Third
Parties . Nothing herein is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to any Person, other than the parties hereto any
rights, privileges or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement. 

20. Headings .
The section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning,
construction or interpretation of this Agreement. Any reference to the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender shall be a reference to such
other gender as is appropriate. References to the singular shall include the plural and vice versa. 

21. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts (including by facsimile signature or electronic (e.g. PDF)), which shall
constitute a legal and valid signature), and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall
be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same document. This Agreement shall become
effective when one or more counterparts, taken together, shall have been executed and delivered by all of the parties. 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

RENOVARO, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Rene Sindlev 

Name: Rene Sindlev 

Title: Chairman 

EXECUTIVE 

/s/ David
Weinstein 

DAVID WEINSTEIN 

10 

EXHIBIT A 

Annual Bonus Metrics 

11 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 e6117_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

OFFICER S CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, David Weinstein, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the period ended September 30, 2024, of Renovaro Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ David Weinstein 

Name: 
 David Weinstein 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 e6117_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

OFFICER S CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Simon Tarsh, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the period ended September 30, 2024, of Renovaro Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Simon Tarsh 

Name: 
 Simon Tarsh 

Title: 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 e6117_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Renovaro
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ David Weinstein 

Name: 
 David Weinstein 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authentications, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 e6117_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Renovaro
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Simon Tarsh 

Name: 
 Simon Tarsh 

Title: 
 Interim Chief Financial
 Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authentications, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 renb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 renb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 renb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 renb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

