<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1820721_0001820721-24-000076.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7703292</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123221</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1415040</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2461699</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1849494</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1711212</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001820721-24-000076.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107172026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001820721-24-000076
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Array Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001820721
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES [3990]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				832747826
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39613
		FILM NUMBER:		241437135

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3901 MIDWAY PLACE NE
		CITY:			ALBUQUERQUE
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87109
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(505) 881-7567

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3901 MIDWAY PLACE NE
		CITY:			ALBUQUERQUE
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ATI Intermediate Holdings, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200810

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001820721-24-000076.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 arry-20240930.htm
 10-Q

arry-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) N/A 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 As of November 4, 2024, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

Array Technologies, Inc. 
 Index to Form 10-Q 
 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 49 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 51 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 53 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 53 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 53 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 53 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 53 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 

Array Technologies, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share and share amounts) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred income tax assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE PERPETUAL PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other Accrued warranty reserve Income tax payable Deferred revenue Current portion of contingent consideration Current portion of debt Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred income tax liabilities Contingent consideration, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Long-term warranty Long-term debt, net of current portion Total liabilities 
 1 

Array Technologies, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) (continued) 
 (in thousands, except per share and share amounts) 

 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 
 par value; authorized; and shares issued as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; liquidation preference of million at both dates 
 Stockholders equity Preferred stock of par value - shares authorized; issued at respective dates 
 Common stock of par value - shares authorized; and shares issued at respective dates 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable perpetual preferred stock and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Array Technologies, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Cost of product and service revenue Amortization of developed technology Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses General and administrative Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) ) Depreciation and amortization Goodwill impairment Total operating expenses (Loss) income from operations 
 ) ) Other loss, net 
 ) ) ) ) Interest income Foreign currency (loss) gain, net ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) ) (Loss) income before income tax expense 
 ) ) Income tax expense Net (loss) income 
 ) ) Preferred dividends and accretion Net (loss) income to common shareholders 
 (Loss) income per common share 
 Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Array Technologies, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation (1) 
 ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) (1) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Array Technologies, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Temporary Equity Permanent Equity Series A Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Equity-based compensation Tax withholding related to vesting of equity-based compensation ) ) Preferred cumulative dividends plus accretion ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 5 

Array Technologies, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (continued) 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Temporary Equity Permanent Equity Series A Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders Equity Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Equity-based compensation Preferred cumulative dividends plus accretion ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 6 

Array Technologies, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (continued) 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Temporary Equity Permanent Equity Series A Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Equity-based compensation Tax withholding related to vesting of equity-based compensation ) ) Preferred cumulative dividends plus accretion ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 7 

Array Technologies, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (continued) 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Temporary Equity Permanent Equity Series A Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Total Stockholders Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Equity-based compensation Preferred cumulative dividends plus accretion and commitment fees ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Array Technologies, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to net income: Goodwill impairment Provision for bad debts ) Deferred tax benefit ) ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of developed technology Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Equity-based compensation Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Warranty provision Write-down of inventories Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of business acquisition: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) Income tax receivables ) Prepaid expenses and other ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other ) Income tax payable ) ) Lease liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) Retirement/disposal of property, plant and equipment Sale of equity investment 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) Financing activities Series A equity issuance costs ) Tax withholding related to vesting of equity-based compensation ) Proceeds from issuance of other debt Principal payments on other debt ) ) Principal payments on term loan facility ) ) Contingent consideration payments ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) 
 9 

Array Technologies, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) (continued) 
 (in thousands) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalent balances ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes (net of refunds) Non-cash investing and financing activities Dividends accrued on Series A Preferred 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 10 

Array Technologies, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

1. 

2. 

Unless expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, the terms the Company , we , us , our , Array , and Array Technologies refer to Array Technologies, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, and the term condensed consolidated financial statements refers to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Reclassifications 
 Software Implementation Costs 
 During the first quarter of 2024, the Company reclassified capitalized software costs recorded as Property, plant and equipment, net to Intangible assets, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The reclassification was recorded retrospectively and resulted in a million increase to Intangible assets, net at December 31, 2023, with a corresponding decrease in the same amount to Property, plant and equipment, net. 
 
 These reclassifications did not impact the Company s operating income (loss), net income (loss), earnings (loss) per share, or statements of cash flows for any current or historical periods. 
 
 11 

million, which has been included in cost of product and service revenue. 
 
 This reclassification had no impact on the Company s gross profit, income (loss) from operations, net income or income (loss) per common share in the current period. This reclassification also did not impact the condensed consolidated balance sheets or condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 Divestiture of Investment in Equity Securities 
 In June 2024, we divested of our equity investment in preferred stock of a private company we purchased in 2021. We received million in proceeds for the divestiture in July 2024. gain or loss resulted from this transaction. 
 
 million. See Note 5 Goodwill and Other Intangibles for additional information. 
 
 12 

Research and development expense was million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 13 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding Vendor Rebate receivable of million, of which million was included in Prepaid expenses and other (current) and million was included in Other assets (non-current) on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding Vendor Rebate receivable of million included in Prepaid expenses and other. 

14 

Immaterial Correction of 2023 Interim Period Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Capped Calls 
 In connection with the pricing of the Convertible Notes, we entered into capped call transactions with the Option Counterparties. At issuance the Company concluded that the Capped Calls met the criteria for equity classification because they are indexed to the Company s common stock and the Company has discretion to settle the Capped Calls in shares or cash. As a result, the amount paid for the Capped Calls was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. When the Company entered into the Capped Calls, the Company executed certain side letters (the Side Letters with the counterparties that replaced some of the terms described in the primary contract including the volatility inputs used to value the Capped Calls under certain circumstances. Upon further evaluation of the accounting during the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company concluded that the modification to the volatility inputs in the side letters precluded the Capped Calls from being accounted for as an equity instrument indexed to its own stock and should be accounted for as a freestanding derivative instrument asset recognized at fair value, with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in earnings. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company began to account for the Capped Calls as derivative assets, with subsequent changes in fair value being recorded through earnings. During the three months ended December 31, 2023, after consultation with the staff of the Office of the Chief Accountant of the SEC, the Company concluded that the original equity classification accounting treatment was acceptable. As a result, the Company reclassified the derivative asset recognized at September 30, 2023, as a reduction to equity and reversed the related mark to market adjustments recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 At issuance, the Company evaluated the accounting for the instruments issued pursuant to the SPA and determined the Series A Shares and common stock issued in the Initial Closing, as well as the Prepaid Forward Contract, and Put Option are freestanding instruments that are classified in equity. During the first quarter of 2023, the Company reconsidered the provisions of the Put Option and concluded that it should be accounted for as a freestanding derivative instrument asset accounted for at fair value with subsequent fair value adjustments recognized in earnings. During the fourth quarter of 2023, after consultation with the staff of the Office of the Chief Accountant of the SEC, the Company concluded that the original equity accounting classification was correct. As a result, the Company reclassified the derivative asset recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as a reduction of equity and also reversed the related fair value adjustments. 
 
 15 

) ) Total other income (expense) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income tax expense ) Income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) Net income (loss) 
 ) Net income (loss) to common shareholders 
 Income per common share 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) 
 As Previously Reported Adjustments As Corrected As Previously Reported Adjustments As Corrected Net income (loss) 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) 
 
 16 

) Net income 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) Adjustments 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) As Corrected 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) Net income 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity As Previously Reported 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) Correction of the Capped Call and Put Option errors 
 Net income 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) Adjustments 
 Correction of the Capped Call and Put Option errors 
 ) ) Net income 
 As Corrected 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) Correction of the Capped Call and Put Option errors 
 Net income 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 17 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) Change in fair value of derivative assets 
 ) Income tax payable 
 ) ) 

3. 
 
 Finished goods Inventories 
 
 The Company values a portion of its inventory using the moving average cost method that approximates the first-in, first-out method FIFO ). As of September 30, 2024, inventory valued using moving average cost and FIFO was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, inventory valued using moving average cost and FIFO, was million and million, respectively. 

4. 
 
 Buildings and land improvements - 
 Manufacturing equipment Furniture, fixtures and equipment - 
 Vehicles Hardware - 
 Construction in progress N/A Total Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, was included in cost of product and service revenue and million and million, respectively, was included in depreciation and amortization on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 18 

million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, was included in cost of product and service revenue and million and million, respectively, was included in depreciation and amortization on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

5. 
 
 Foreign currency translation ) ) Impairment charge 
 ) ) Ending balance (1) 
 (1) Goodwill attributable to Array Legacy Operations is net of cumulative impairments of million. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company experienced a sustained decline in its stock price, which hit a 52-week low during the quarter, resulting in a decrease in market capitalization. In addition, the Company updated its long-term projections for the Company s reporting units and further evaluated the execution risk associated with the Company s projections. As a result, the Company identified indicators of impairment related to the Company s reporting units. Management, with the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist, performed an interim quantitative goodwill impairment test of the Array Legacy Operations and STI Operations reporting unit as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The fair value of the Array Legacy Operations and STI Operations reporting unit were determined using the income approach and then compared to the Guideline publicly traded companies GPC marketplace EBITDA multiples to corroborate the fair value of the reporting unit. As a result of these tests, the Company recorded an impairment of goodwill of million related to STI Operations based on an estimated fair value of the STI Operations reporting unit of million. Subsequent to recording the impairment of goodwill, the Company reconciled the overall market capitalization of the Company, within a reasonable range, to the sum of the estimated fair values of both of the Company s reporting units. The estimated fair value of the Array Legacy Operations reporting unit was significantly higher than the carrying balance of the reporting unit. 
 
 The significant assumptions used in determining the fair value of the STI Operations reporting unit primarily relate to the revenue growth rate, the forecasted EBITDA margin, and the selected discount rate used in the discounted cash flow model under the income approach. Under the GPC method, the selection of EBITDA multiple to be used requires significant judgement. To the extent that the discount rate used in determining the present value of our cash flows increases, if we do not meet the cash flow projections for the reporting unit, or GPC multiples in the future decrease, additional impairment charges may be recorded in the future. In addition, a further decrease in the Company s common stock share price and market capitalization could be an indication that there has been a further decrease in the fair value of the Company s reporting units. 
 
 19 

Computer software Customer relationships Backlog Trade name Total amortizable intangibles Accumulated amortization: Developed technology Computer software Customer relationships Backlog Trade name Total accumulated amortization Total amortizable intangibles, net Non-amortizable: Trade name Total other intangible assets, net 
 
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of which million was included in amortization of developed technology, a component of cost of revenue, in both periods and million and million, respectively, was included in depreciation and amortization, on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 20 

million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of which million was included in amortization of developed technology, a component of cost of revenue, in both periods and million and million, respectively, was included in depreciation and amortization, on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

6. 
 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and an expense of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was favorably impacted by lower profits in non-US jurisdictions and additional tax credits recorded during the period. This was partially offset by legislative changes in Brazil where a local tax incentive is no longer being exempt from Federal income tax beginning in 2024. Additionally, tax expense of million related to equity-based compensation, was recorded discretely. tax benefit was recorded on the goodwill impairment recorded in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as the goodwill is non-deductible for income tax purposes. The tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was unfavorably impacted by higher income reported in non-U.S. jurisdictions, offset by a tax benefit of million related to equity-based compensation recorded discretely. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, reserves for uncertain tax positions have been recorded. The Company will continue to monitor this position each interim period. 
 
 21 

7. 
 
 Revolving credit facility Total secured credit facility Convertible notes Other debt Total principal Unamortized discount and issuance costs, total ) ) Current portion of debt ) ) Total long-term debt, net of current portion 
 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 On October 14, 2020, the Company entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement governing the Company s senior secured credit facility, consisting of (i) a million senior secured term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility and (ii) a million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the Senior Secured Credit Facility ). The Credit Agreement was amended on February 23, 2021 (the First Amendment ), on February 26, 2021 (the Second Amendment and again on March 2, 2023 (the Third Amendment ). 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 The Company had outstanding balance under the Revolving Credit Facility at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the Company had million and million, respectively, in standby letters of credit, and million and million, respectively, available to withdraw. In accordance with the Third Amendment, the Revolving Credit Facility pays interest at the Company s election, at either (x) for SOFR Loans at Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus or (y) for Base Rate Loans at the higher of the Prime Rate, one half of above the Federal Funds Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR for one-month interest period, after giving effect to any floor plus , plus . 
 
 Term Loan Facility 
 The outstanding balance on the Term Loan Facility was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Term Loan Facility is presented in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets, net of debt discount and issuance costs of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In accordance with the Third Amendment, the Term Loan Facility pays interest at the Company s election, at either (x) for SOFR Loans at Adjusted Term SOFR (subject to a floor of plus or (y) for Base Rate Loans at the higher of the Prime Rate, one half of above the Federal Funds Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR for one-month interest period, after giving effect to any floor plus , plus . The debt discount and issuance costs 
 22 

. The Term Loan Facility has an annual excess cash flow calculation, for which the prescribed formula did not result in requiring the Company to make an advance principal payment for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 On December 3, 2021 and December 9, 2021, the Company completed a million private offering million and million, respectively), of its Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the Convertible Notes ), resulting in proceeds of million million and million, respectively), after deducting the original issue discount of . The Convertible Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated December 3, 2021, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 
 The Convertible Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and will mature on December 1, 2028, unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased. The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2022. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the principal balance of the Convertible Notes was million with unamortized discount and issuance costs of million and million, respectively, for a net carrying amount of million and million, respectively. 
 
 The conversion rate for the Convertible Notes was initially shares of the Company s common stock per principal amount of Convertible Notes, which was equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock or million shares of common stock. The Convertible Notes were not convertible during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and none have been converted to date. Also, given that the average market price of the Company s common stock has not exceeded the exercise price since inception, there was dilutive impact for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Capped Calls 
 In connection with the issuances of the Convertible Notes, the Company paid million, in aggregate, to enter into capped call option agreements to reduce the potential dilution to holders of the Company s common stock after a conversion of the Convertible Notes. Specifically, upon the exercise of the capped call instruments issued pursuant to the agreements (the Capped Calls ), the Company would receive shares of its common stock equal to approximately million shares (a) multiplied by (i) the lower of or the then-current market price of its common stock, less (ii) the applicable exercise price, , and (b) divided by the then-current market price of its common stock. The results of this formula are that the Company would receive more shares as the market price of its common stock exceeds the exercise price and approaches the cap, which was initially, and remains currently, per share. 
 
 Consequently, if the Convertible Notes are converted, then the number of shares to be issued by the Company would be effectively partially offset by the shares of common stock received by the Company under the Capped Calls as they are exercised. The formula above would be adjusted in the event of certain specified extraordinary events affecting the Company, including: a merger; a tender offer; nationalization, insolvency or delisting of the Company s common stock; changes in law; failure to deliver; insolvency filing; stock splits, combinations, dividends, repurchases or similar events; or an announcement of certain of the preceding actions. 
 
 23 

million balance is denominated in Euros. Interest rates on other debt range from to annually. 

8. 
 
 shares of its newly designated Series A Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series A Shares and shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million (the Initial Closing ). Further, pursuant to the SPA, on September 27, 2021, the Company issued and sold to the Purchasers shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of (the Prepaid Forward Contract ). The Company used the net proceeds from the initial Closing to repay the million outstanding balance under its existing Revolving Credit Facility and prepay million of the Company s Term Loan Facility. The Series A Shares have no maturity date. 
 
 The Put Option included in the SPA required the Purchasers to purchase up to an additional shares of Series A Shares and up to shares of common stock (or up to shares of common stock in the event of certain price-related adjustments) until June 30, 2023, subject to certain equitable adjustments pursuant to any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction, for an aggregate purchase price up to million (the Delayed Draw Commitment or the Put Option ). The Put Option expired effective June 30, 2023. 
 
 On January 7, 2022, pursuant to the Put Option, the Company issued and sold to the Purchasers shares of Series A Shares and shares of the Company s common stock in an additional closing for an aggregate purchase price of million (the Additional Closing ). 
 
 The Company has classified the Series A Shares as temporary equity and is accreting the carrying amount to its full redemption amount from the date of issuance to the earliest redemption date using the effective interest method. Such accretion totaled million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Dividends 
 On or prior to the fifth anniversary of the Initial Closing, the Company may pay dividends on the Series A Shares either in (i) cash at the then-applicable Cash Regular Dividend Rate (as defined below), (ii) through 
 24 

(the Permitted Accrued Dividends ), or (iii) a combination thereof. Following the fifth anniversary of the Initial Closing, dividends are payable only in cash. To the extent the Company does not declare such dividends and pay in cash following the fifth anniversary of the Initial Closing, the dividends accrue to the Liquidation Preference Default Accrued Dividends at the then-applicable Cash Regular Dividend Rate plus basis points. In the event there are Default Accrued Dividends outstanding for six consecutive quarters, the Company, at the option of the holders of the Series A Shares, will pay of the amount of Default Accrued Dividends by delivering to such holder a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the quotient of (i) the amount of Default Accrued Dividends divided by (ii) of the 30-day VWAP of the Company s common stock Non-Cash Dividend ). 
 
 The Cash Regular Dividend Rate of the Series A Shares means (i) initially, per annum on the Liquidation Preference and (ii) increased by (a) basis points on each of the fifth, sixth and seventh anniversaries of the Initial Closing and (b) basis points on each of the eighth, ninth and tenth anniversaries of the Initial Closing. The Accrued Regular Dividend Rate on the Series A Shares means per annum on the Liquidation Preference. 
 
 As used herein, Liquidation Preference means, with respect to the Series A Shares, the initial liquidation preference of per share, plus accrued dividends of such share at the time of the determination. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company accrued dividends on the Series A Shares at the Accrued Regular Dividend rate of totaling million. As of September 30, 2024, total accrued and unpaid dividends were million. 
 
 The Series A Shares have similar characteristics of an Increasing Rate Security as described by SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5Q, Increasing Rate Preferred Stock . As a result, the discount on Series A Shares is considered an unstated dividend cost that is amortized over the period preceding commencement of the perpetual dividend using the effective interest method, by charging imputed dividend cost against retained earnings, or additional paid in capital in the absence of retained earnings, and increasing the carrying amount of the Series A Shares by a corresponding amount. Accordingly, the discount is amortized over using the effective yield method. 
 
 Fees 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company paid the Purchasers a per annum cash commitment fee totaling million on the unpurchased portion of the Put Option. The Put Option expired effective June 30, 2023. 
 
 25 

9. 

Point in time revenue Total revenue 
 
 Contract Balances 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, unbilled receivables contract assets ), and deferred revenue contract liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The majority of the Company s contract amounts are billed as work progresses, in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms, which generally coincide with the shipment of one or more phases of the project. For certain customer contracts, billing can occur in advance of shipment, resulting in contract liabilities. Billing sometimes occurs subsequent to revenue recognition, resulting in contract assets. The changes in contract assets and the corresponding amounts recorded in revenue relate to fluctuations in the timing and volume of billings. 

The Company also receives advances or deposits from its customers, before revenue is recognized, resulting in contract liabilities recorded within Deferred revenue. The changes in contract liabilities relate to advanced orders and payments received by the Company. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company converted million in deferred revenue to revenue, which represented of the prior year s deferred revenue balance. Included in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2023 are cash advances for signed contracts that begin several months subsequent to receiving the advance. In addition, deferred revenue includes paid extended warranty, that can be recognized upon expiration of the warranty. 
 
 26 

and million, respectively, in revenue from one customer for the sale of goods and services under bill-and-hold arrangements. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized and million, respectively, in revenue from one customer for the sale of goods and services under bill-and-hold arrangements. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 million of remaining performance obligations. The Company expects to recognize revenue on of these performance obligations in the next . 

10. ) Less: preferred dividends and accretion Net (loss) income to common shareholders 
 Basic: Weighted average shares (Loss) income per share ) ) Diluted: Effect of restricted stock and performance awards Weighted average shares Income per share ) ) 
 
 27 

and respectively, of common stock equivalents were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share to common stockholders, as they had an antidilutive effect. 
 
 There were potentially dilutive common shares issuable pursuant to the Convertible Notes for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as the average market price of the Company s common stock has not exceeded the exercise price since their issuance. 

11. 
 
 28 

million in the form of a one-time million cash payment due immediately, and million in credits with the vendor which can be applied by the Company to future orders from the respective vendor. If the Company does not utilize all of the credits by January 2026, it will receive a one-time cash payment from the vendor for the remaining unused credit balance. As of March 31, 2024, the Company recognized million in Prepaid and other expenses, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheet and for the three months ended March 31, 2024, a million reduction to Cost of revenue on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 The Company is party to various other legal proceedings, claims, governmental and/or regulatory inspections, inquiries and investigations arising out of the ordinary course of its business. The Company believes that, there are no other proceedings or claims pending against it, the ultimate resolution of which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. In all cases, at each reporting period, the Company evaluates whether or not a potential loss amount or a potential range of loss is probable and reasonably estimable under ASC 450, Contingencies (ASC 450). Legal costs are expensed as incurred. It is 
 29 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 Estimating the amount of payments that may be made under the TRA is by nature imprecise. The significant fair value inputs used to estimate the future expected TRA payments to the former owners include the timing of tax payments, a discount rate, book income projections, timing of expected adjustments to calculate taxable income and the projected rate of use for attributes defined in the TRA. 
 
 Payments made under the TRA consider tax positions taken by the Company and are due within days following the filing of the Company s U.S. federal and state income tax returns under procedures described in the agreement. The current portion of the TRA liability is based on tax returns. The TRA will continue until all tax benefit payments have been made or the Company elects early termination under the terms described in the TRA. 
 
 Payments ) ) Fair value adjustment ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The TRA liability requires significant judgment and is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Surety Bonds 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company posted surety bonds in the total amount of million. The Company is required to provide surety bonds to various parties as required for certain transactions initiated during the ordinary course of business to guarantee the Company s performance in accordance with contractual or legal obligations. These off-balance sheet arrangements do not adversely impact the Company s liquidity or capital resources. 
 
 30 

12. 

The fair value of the Convertible Notes is estimated using Level 2 inputs, as they are not registered securities nor listed on any securities exchange but may be traded by qualified institutional buyers. 
 
 The fair value of the Term Loan Facility and Other Debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs. The carrying values of the Term Loan Facility outstanding under the Senior Secured Credit facility recorded in the condensed consolidated balance sheets approximate fair value due to the variable nature of the interest rates. 
 
 Other Debt with an aggregate carrying value of million, consists only of variable rate obligations. The carrying value of these variable rate obligations approximate fair value due to the variable nature of the interest rates. 

13. 
 
 new shares, subject to adjustments pursuant to the 2020 Plan. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Pursuant to the 2020 Plan, the Company grants restricted stock units RSUs to employees and members of the Company s board of directors. The fair value of the RSUs is determined using the market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 
 
 Shares granted Shares vested ) Shares forfeited ) Outstanding non-vested, September 30, 2024 
 
 31 

and upon meeting certain revenue and adjusted EPS targets. The PSUs also contain a modifier based on the total stock return TSR compared to a certain index which modifies the number of PSUs that vest. The PSUs were valued using a Monte-Carlo simulation method on the date of grant based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity rates. 
 Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield 
 
 PSU activity under the 2020 Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was as follows: 
 Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Outstanding non-vested, December 31, 2023 Shares granted Shares vested Shares forfeited ) Outstanding non-vested, September 30, 2024 
 
 For three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in equity-based compensation costs. For nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in equity-based compensation costs. At September 30, 2024, the Company had million of unrecognized compensation costs related to RSUs and PSUs, which are expected to be recognized over years and years, respectively. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 On May 21, 2024, the Human Capital Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of Array Technologies, Inc. adopted the Array Tech, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan ). The Plan is a non-qualified deferred compensation plan intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Participation in the Plan is voluntary and is currently available to U.S. employees of the Company and its subsidiaries at the level of Vice President and above. 
 
 The Plan allows participants to defer up to of their base salary and/or up to of their cash incentive compensation. There is no maximum dollar limit on the amount that may be deferred by a participant in any year. 
 
 In addition, the Company will make a matching contribution to the Plan in respect of cash compensation that could not be recognized under the Company s 401(k) plan due to the Code Section 401(a)(17) compensation limit million for 2024). The Plan matching contribution will be equal to the matching contribution for the Company s 401(k) plan for the applicable year. Under the terms of the Plan, the Company may also provide discretionary contributions to participants annually as determined by the Committee. The participants are 100 
 32 

14 
 
 operating and reportable segment. Concurrent with the acquisition of STI in January 2022, the Company began operating as segments; Array Legacy Operations and STI Operations. 
 
 STI Operations Total Gross Profit Array Legacy Operations STI Operations Total 

15 
 
 months) for a new manufacturing and office facility located in Bernalillo County, New Mexico. Among other things, Array would be responsible for the payment of personal property taxes, if any, and all real property taxes related to the facility and real property that is subject to the NNN term lease. The NNN term lease was contingent upon the closing of the Lessor s successful financing to construct the facility. On October 16, 2024, the Lessor closed the financing and consequently the lease agreement became effective. The Lessee has an option to renew the lease for an additional . 
 
 The new facility that is mixed use and built for general purposes will be approximately square feet when constructed, and the NNN term lease commences upon the earliest occurrence of several events, including the Lessor s completion of the construction of the building, which is currently expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2025. 
 
 Under the construction agreement with GDC, Array also contributed approximately million to the construction costs for the facility during October 2024. 
 
 of the real property taxes and of the personal property taxes payable to the County by the Company and GDC during the term of the NNN term lease, and the abatement of of the sales and use taxes that would be incurred by the Company and GDC related to the purchase and use of machinery and equipment. 
 
 33 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information included in Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report ), as well as our audited financial statements and notes thereto as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, and the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 2023 Annual Report ). Each of the terms the Company, Array, we, or us as used herein refers collectively to Array Technologies, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results and timing of selected events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under the sections captioned Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Forward-looking statements include information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, business strategies, technology developments, financing and investment plans, dividend policy, competitive position, industry and regulatory environment, potential growth opportunities and the effects of competition. Forward-looking statements include statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, will, would or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. 
 
 Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Also, forward-looking statements represent our management s beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this report. You should read this report with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. 
 
 Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include factors in Summary Risk Factors and the Risk Factors sections of our 2023 Annual Report and the Risk Factors section of this Quarterly Report. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 
 Overview 
 We are one of the leading global manufacturer and supplier of ground-mounting tracking systems used in solar energy projects at utility scale. Our principal products are a portfolio of integrated solar tracking systems comprised of steel supports, electric motors, gearboxes and electronic controllers commonly referred to as a single-axis tracker. Trackers move solar panels throughout the day to maintain an optimal orientation to the sun, which significantly increases their energy production. Solar energy projects that use trackers typically generate more energy and deliver a lower Levelized Cost of Energy LCOE than projects that use fixed tilt mounting systems, which do not move. The vast majority of ground mounted solar systems in the U.S. use trackers. 
 
 34 

Our flagship tracker uses a patented design that allows one motor to drive multiple rows of solar panels through articulated driveline joints. To avoid infringing on our U.S. patent, our competitors must use designs that we believe are inherently less efficient and reliable. For example, our largest competitor s design requires one motor for each row of solar panels. As a result, we believe our products have greater reliability, lower installation costs, reduced maintenance requirements and competitive manufacturing costs. Our core U.S. patent is on a linked-row, single-driving apparatus that rotates a plurality of tracker rows connected by an articulating drive shaft. This patent does not expire until February 5, 2030. 
 
 With our acquisition of STI in January of 2022, we added a dual-row tracker design to our product portfolio. This tracker uses one motor to drive two connected rows and is ideally suited for sites with irregular and highly angled boundaries or fragmented project areas. To offer a comprehensive set of solutions to the growing market, in September of 2022, we also introduced a third tracker product requiring significantly less grading and civil works permitting prior to installation in addition to accommodating uneven terrain. This suite of products extends our target applications and ability to deliver the best utility-scale solar tracker solutions to the market. 
 
 We sell our products to engineering, procurement and construction firms EPCs that build solar energy projects and to large solar developers, independent power producers and utilities, often under master supply agreements or multi-year procurement contracts. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we derived 70 and 30 of our revenues from customers in the U.S. and the rest of the world, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had shipped approximately 79.9 gigawatts of trackers to customers worldwide. 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Albuquerque, New Mexico. As of September 30, 2024, we had 961 full-time employees. 
 
 Research and Development 
 The Company incurs research and development R D costs during its process of researching and developing new products and significant enhancements to existing products. R D costs are a subset of our total engineering spend and consist primarily of personnel-related costs associated with our team of internal engineers, third-party consultants, materials and overhead. The Company expenses these costs as incurred prior to a respective product being ready for commercial production. Total engineering expense was 4.4 million and 4.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of which 1.6 million and 2.0 million were related to R D activities performed by the Company during the same period, respectively. Total engineering expense was 12.7 million and 12.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of which 5.3 million and 6.4 million were related to R D activities performed by the Company during the same period, respectively. 
 
 Acquisition of STI Norland 
 On January 11, 2022, we completed our acquisition of STI, which resulted in the Company owning 100 of the equity interests in STI. Similar to Array Legacy operations, STI generates revenue through the design, manufacture and sale of its utility-scale solar tracker systems to customers in global markets that include Spain, Brazil, the U.S. and South Africa. The integration of STI has allowed us to accelerate our international expansion and better address rising global demand for utility-scale solar projects, particularly in developing countries in Latin America and Africa. 
 35 

Reversal of Out-of-Period Adjustment Recorded During 2023 Interim Periods 
 Capped Calls and Put Option 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2023, the Company consulted with the staff of the Office of the Chief Accountant of the SEC, and after consultation with the staff, the Company concluded that the change from its historical accounting treatment for its Capped Calls and its Put Option that were made during the three months ended March 31, 2023, was not required. As a result, the Company has chosen to revert to its historical accounting and reverse the initial cumulative catch-up recorded during the three months ended March 31, 2023. as well as any subsequent fair value adjusting entries recorded during the interim periods in 2023. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 
 
 Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
 Project Timing 
 Because we recognize revenue on projects as legal title to equipment is transferred from us to the customer, any delays in large projects from one quarter to another for any reason may cause our results of operations for a particular period to fall below expectations and make the timing of revenue difficult to forecast. Our end-users ability to install solar energy systems has been affected by a number of factors including: 
 
 Weather . Inclement weather can affect our customers ability to install their systems, particularly in the northeastern United States, Europe and in Brazil. In addition, weather delays can adversely affect our logistics and operations by causing delays in the shipping and delivery of our materials. 
 The interest rate environment . As interest rates rose in 2022 and 2023, we saw customers looking to renegotiate power purchase agreements to improve project returns. Any unexpected or protracted negotiation can cause installation delays and delay our ability to recognize revenue relating to the relevant projects. In addition, we had customers delay planned installations in anticipation of interest reductions and more favorable project financing conditions later in 2024. The effects of the Federal Reserve s decision to lower the target interest rate by 0.5 and the timing of any positive impact the lower rate may have on project timing remains uncertain. 
 Availability of necessary equipment . We have a broad portfolio of customer relationships including presence with every Tier 1 utility in the United States. Each utility has unique specifications for access to its grid, which is generally not consistent across the industry. As the supply of renewables projects has increased, severe shortages and long lead-times in the supply of switches, transformers and HV breakers used in the interconnection of utility scale solar power plants to the grid, has affected the timing and completion of these projects, including for some of our customers. 
 Macroeconomic factors. There has been a rapid depreciation of the Brazilian Real in conjunction with existing pricing pressures on energy in the Brazilian market. Due to these dynamics, the economic cases for the power purchase agreements, or PPAs, for many solar projects have become less attractive for our customers. Many of the developers of these projects are now signaling delays as they renegotiate the pricing of these PPAs. 
 Local permitting . If our customers cannot receive permitting for their projects, they are unable to begin and ultimately complete them in a timely manner. A dramatic increase in solar and battery storage sites has increased the average permitting time in many geographies in which our customers operate. 
 
 Impact of IRA 
 While solar power is cost-competitive with conventional forms of generation in many U.S. states even without the ITC, we believe step-downs in the ITC have influenced the timing and quantity of some customers orders. 
 36 

With the passage of the Inflation Reduction Act IRA in August 2022, the ITC was raised to 30 with no step downs before 2032. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024 we do not anticipate the ITC rate to impact our seasonality during that timeframe. 
 
 45X Credit 
 After a period of uncertainty, on October 24, 2024 Treasury and the IRS issued final regulations for the 45X manufacturing credit benefits that largely confirmed our previous understanding around the eligibility of our torque tube and structural fasteners. Beginning in late 2023 and continuing into 2024, we have and continue to successfully negotiate agreements with key suppliers around 45X manufacturing credit benefits associated with the torque tube and structural fasteners. We continue to pursue additional agreements for splitting 45X benefits with suppliers for parts we do not manufacture internally. 
 
 Domestic Content Safe Harbor Guidance 
 The IRS issued Notice 2023-38 in May of 2023 setting forth guidance on the domestic content bonus tax credits under the IRA. Uncertainties still exist under this guidance, like whose costs would be used (the manufacturer s cost, a vendor s cost to acquire, etc.) and how to define manufactured product components associated with trackers. In May of 2024, the IRS issued Notice 2024-41 setting forth further guidance on the domestic content bonus tax credits, including a safe harbor method for calculating domestic content percentages. Notice 2024-41 and the elective safe harbor described therein has clarified some pre-existing uncertainty in the industry from Notice 2023-38, but it has also introduced uncertainty of its own regarding issues such as what qualifies as a fastener. These uncertainties have and could continue to cause our customers to delay projects as they navigate the existing guidance in qualifying for the tax credit and possibly wait for further clarity. 
 
 Structured Cost Management 
 We actively manage the risk from certain types of customer contracts, including, for example, multi-year contracts that require fixed pricing or pricing tied to certain commodity indices. Depending on the totality of the circumstances and our ability to mitigate risk, we may or may not pursue such contractual arrangements. Where we decline, this may have the effect of driving certain customers or projects to our competitors. We believe this is the right way to manage a high-quality portfolio and drive consistent margins over time. 
 
 Impact of the Ongoing Russian-Ukraine Conflict 
 The ongoing Russian-Ukraine conflict has reduced the availability of material that can be sourced in Europe and, as a result, increased logistics costs for the procurement of certain inputs and materials used in our products. We do not know the ultimate severity or duration of the conflict, but we continue to monitor the situation and evaluate our procurement strategy and supply chain as to reduce any negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Impact of Attacks on Shipping in the Red Sea 
 The disruption of container shipping traffic through the Red Sea has created port congestion, especially in Asia, affecting transit times, capacity, and shipping costs for routes connecting the rest of the world with Asia. To address the challenges arising from prolonged transit times, we have increased our local sourcing efforts where feasible within certain regions. These measures aim to reduce delays to get the product to project sites on time. There is still uncertainty on how long these disruptions and the severity of their impact on our operations will last, but we continue to monitor the situation and evaluate our procurement and supply chain strategies, as to reduce any negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 37 

Inflation 
 Inflationary pressures may continue to negatively impact our results of operations in the near-term. To mitigate the inflationary pressures on our business, despite our ASPs decreasing due to the current deflationary environment for commodities like steel, we have continued to accelerate our productivity initiatives, expanded our supplier base, and continued to execute on our overhead cost containment practices. 
 
 Impact of AD/CVD Petitions and Determinations 
 The United States currently imposes antidumping and countervailing duties AD/CVD on certain imported crystalline silicon PV( CSPV cells and modules from China and Taiwan. Such AD/CVD can change over time pursuant to annual reviews conducted by the U.S. Department of Commerce USDOC ). In August 2023, the USDOC issued final affirmative circumvention rulings, finding that solar panels completed in Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam using parts and components produced in China circumvent the pre-existing AD/CVD orders on China. 
 
 On April 24, 2024, the American Alliance for Solar Manufacturing Trade Committee, an ad hoc coalition of domestic producers of CSPV cells and modules, filed a petition with the USDOC and the U.S. International Trade Commission (the USITC seeking the imposition of AD/CVD tariffs on imports of CSPV cells and modules from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam. The USITC made a preliminary affirmative determination on June 7, 2024, and the USDOC made its preliminary affirmative determination on October 1, 2024. The preliminary tariff rates varying from below 1 to almost 300 , depending on the relevant company. 
 
 While we do not sell solar modules, the degree of our exposure is dependent on, among other things, the impact of the AD/CVD orders on the projects that are also intended to use our products, with such impact being largely out of our control. We have seen a number of projects in our order book delayed as a result of the USDOC investigation, and effective enforcement of the AD/CVD orders could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 More broadly, legislation has been proposed that would make it easier for domestic companies to obtain affirmative determinations in antidumping and countervailing duty investigations. The proposed USICA/America COMPETES Act, if enacted, could result in future successful petitions that limit imports from Asia and other regions. 
 
 Additionally, in October 2023, a coalition of U.S. aluminum extruders and a labor union filed AD/CVD cases on aluminum extrusions from fifteen countries. The USDOC has initiated investigations based on the petitions. Certain components in our trackers, including certain clamps, U-joints, and bearing housings are made using extruded aluminum. In September 2024, the USDOC released its final determination from their investigations against aluminum extrusions from multiple countries. On October 30, 2024, the USITC voted to find no injury in its pending AD/CVD investigation, meaning that the USDOC s AD/CVD orders will not go into effect. The coalition of petitioners may still appeal the USITC s decision, and we will continue to monitor developments in the appeal process. If the USITC s decision is overturned on appeal, the imposition of AD/CVD orders could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The possibility of additional tariffs and duties in the future like those described above has created uncertainty in the industry. If the price of solar systems in the U.S. increases, the use of solar systems could become less economically feasible and could reduce our gross margins or reduce the demand of solar systems manufactured and sold, which in turn may decrease demand for our products. Additionally, existing or future tariffs may negatively affect key customers, suppliers, and manufacturing partners. Such outcomes could adversely affect the amount or timing of our revenues, results of operations or cash flows, and continuing uncertainty could cause sales volatility, price fluctuations or supply shortages or cause our customers to 
 38 

advance or delay their purchase of our products. It is difficult to predict what further trade-related actions governments may take, which may include additional or increased tariffs and trade restrictions, and we may be unable to quickly and effectively react to such actions. 
 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 For non-U.S. subsidiaries that operate in a local currency environment, assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at period-end exchange rates. Income, expense, and cash flow items are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the period. For non-U.S. subsidiaries that operate in a U.S. dollar functional currency, local currency inventories and property, plant and equipment are translated into U.S. dollars at rates prevailing when acquired, and all other assets and liabilities are translated at period-end exchange rates. Income and expense items are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Gains and losses which result from remeasurement are included in earnings. 
 
 Performance Measures 
 In managing our business and assessing financial performance, we supplement the information provided by the financial statements with other operating metrics. These operating metrics are utilized by our management to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, and formulate projections. The primary operating metric we use to evaluate our sales performance and to track market acceptance of our products is megawatts MWs shipped and specifically the change in MW shipped from period to period. MWs are measured for each individual project and are calculated based on the respective project s expected megawatt output once installed and fully operational. 
 
 We also utilize metrics related to price and cost of goods sold per MW, including average selling price ASP and cost per watt CPW ). ASP is calculated by dividing total applicable revenues by total applicable MWs, whereas CPW is calculated by dividing total applicable costs of goods sold by total applicable MWs. These metrics enable us to evaluate trends in pricing, manufacturing cost, and customer profitability. 
 
 Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
 The following discussion describes certain line items in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue from the sale of solar tracking systems, parts, software, and services. Our customers include EPCs, utilities, solar developers, and independent power producers. For each individual solar project, we enter into a contract with our customers covering the price, specifications, delivery dates, and warranty for the products being purchased, among other things. Our contractual delivery period for the tracker system and parts can vary from days to several months. Contracts can range in value from hundreds of thousands to tens of millions of dollars. 
 
 Our revenue is affected by changes in the volume and ASPs of solar tracking systems purchased by our customers. The quarterly volume and ASP of our systems is driven by the supply of, and demand for, our products, changes in project mix between module type and wattage, geographic mix of our customers, strength of competitors product offerings, commodity prices and availability of government incentives to the end-users of our products. 
 
 Our revenue growth is dependent on continued growth in the size and number of solar energy projects installed each year, as well as our ability to maintain market share in each geography where we compete, expand our global footprint to new and evolving markets, grow our production capabilities to satisfy demand, and continue 
 39 

to develop and introduce new innovative products that integrate emerging technologies and the performance requirements of our customers. 
 
 A majority of our revenue is recognized over time as work progresses, and for single performance obligations, we use an input measure, the cost-to-cost method, to determine progress. We review and update the contract related estimates on an ongoing basis and recognize adjustments for any project specific facts and circumstances that could impact the measurement of the extent of progress, such as the total costs to complete the contracts, under the cumulative catch-up method. Due to the relatively short duration of our outstanding performance obligations, and our ability to estimate the remaining costs to be incurred, which are substantially all material costs covered under our material supply agreements with our suppliers, we have not recorded any material catch-up adjustments for the periods presented that would have impacted revenues or EPS related to revisions in our measurement of remaining progress of our performance obligations. 
 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of product costs, including raw materials, purchased components, salaries, wages and benefits of manufacturing personnel, freight, tariffs, customer support, product warranty, amortization of developed technology, and depreciation of manufacturing and testing equipment. Our product costs are affected by (i) the underlying cost of raw materials, including steel and aluminum, (ii) component costs, including electric motors and gearboxes, (iii) technological innovation, and (iv) economies of scale and improvements in production processes and automation. We may experience disruptions to our supply chain and increased material and freight costs like those experienced in 2021 and 2022 during the COVID-19 pandemic. When possible, we modify our production schedules and processes to mitigate the impact of these disruptions and cost increases on our margins. We do not currently hedge against changes in the price of our raw materials. 
 
 Gross profit may vary from quarter to quarter and is primarily affected by our volume, ASPs, product costs, project mix, customer mix, geographical mix, commodity prices, logistics rates, warranty costs, and seasonality. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act Vendor Rebates 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was enacted into law, which includes numerous green energy credits. The 45X Advanced Manufacturing Production Tax Credit 45X Credit was established as part of the IRA. The 45X Credit is a per-unit tax credit that is earned over time for each clean energy component domestically produced and sold by a manufacturer. We have, and will continue to, enter into arrangements with manufacturing vendors that produce 45X Credit eligible parts, in which the vendors agree to share a portion of the benefit received related to our purchases, in the form of Vendor Rebates. 
 
 We account for these Vendor Rebates as a reduction of the purchase prices of the vendors products and therefore a reduction in the cost of inventory until the inventory is sold, at which time we recognize such rebates as a reduction of cost of product and service revenue on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Rebates related to purchases that were made prior to the execution of the agreements are deferred and recognized as a reduction of the prices of future purchases. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 General and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries, benefits, and equity-based compensation related to our executive, sales, engineering, finance, human resources, information technology, and legal personnel, as well as travel, facility costs, marketing, bad debt provision, and professional fees. The majority of our sales in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, were in the U.S.; however, in January 2022, we expanded our international operations with the STI Acquisition. We currently have a sales presence 
 40 

in the U.S., Spain, Brazil, South Africa, Australia, and the U.K. We intend to continue to expand our sales presence and marketing efforts to additional countries. 
 
 Contingent consideration consists of the changes in fair value of the tax receivable agreement TRA entered into with a former indirect stockholder, concurrent with the acquisition of Patent LLC by Former Parent. The TRA liability was recorded at fair value as of July 8, 2016 (the Patent Acquisition Date and subsequent changes in the fair value are recognized in earnings. For discussion and analysis of the TRA see Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies . 
 
 Depreciation consists of costs associated with property, plant and equipment not used in manufacturing of our products. We expect that as we continue to grow both our revenue and our general and administrative personnel, we may require some additional property, plant and equipment to support this growth resulting in additional depreciation expense. 
 
 Amortization consists of the expense recognized over the expected period of use of our customer relationships, contractual backlog, and STI trade name intangible assets. Amortization related to certain acquired intangible assets is recorded as Total cost of revenue under the caption "Amortization of developed technology." 
 
 Non-Operating Expenses 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents balance. 
 
 Interest expense consists of interest and other charges paid in connection with our Senior Secured Credit Facility, the Convertible Notes, and Other Debt held by our STI Operations. 
 
 We are subject to U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. income taxes. As we expand into additional foreign markets, we may be subject to additional foreign tax. 
 
 Reportable Segments 
 Subsequent to the acquisition of STI, the Company began reporting its results of operations in two segments; the Array Legacy operating segment and the newly acquired STI Legacy operating segment STI Legacy Operations pertaining to legacy STI operations. The segment amounts included in this Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis are presented on a basis consistent with our internal management reporting. Additional information on our reportable segments is contained in Note 14 Segment Reporting in the accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 41 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated statement of operations (in thousands, except percentages): Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 231,406 350,438 (119,032) (34) 640,575 1,234,936 (594,361) (48) Cost of revenue Cost of product and service revenue 149,452 259,419 (109,967) (42) 410,299 892,696 (482,397) (54) Amortization of developed technology 3,639 3,640 (1) 10,918 10,918 Total cost of revenue 153,091 263,059 (109,968) (42) 421,217 903,614 (482,397) (53) Gross profit 78,315 87,379 (9,064) (10) 219,358 331,322 (111,964) (34) Operating expenses General and administrative 40,149 37,432 2,717 7 114,904 115,825 (921) (1) Change in fair value of contingent consideration (39) 190 229 121 (271) 2,232 2,503 112 Depreciation and amortization 8,880 9,552 (672) (7) 27,384 29,361 (1,977) (7) Goodwill impairment 162,000 (162,000) (100) 162,000 162,000 (100) Total operating expenses 210,990 47,174 163,816 347 304,017 147,418 156,599 106 (Loss) income from operations 
 (132,675) 40,205 (172,880) (430) (84,659) 183,904 (268,563) (146) Other loss, net (682) (446) (236) 53 (1,662) (127) (1,535) 1209 Interest income 4,223 3,425 798 23 12,685 6,124 6,561 107 Foreign currency (loss) gain, net (106) 207 (313) (151) (1,073) 273 (1,346) (493) Interest expense (8,264) (13,064) 4,800 37 (25,818) (35,372) (9,554) (27) Total other expense, net (4,829) (9,878) 5,049 51 (15,868) (29,102) (13,234) (45) (Loss) income before income tax expense 
 (137,504) 30,327 (167,831) (553) (100,527) 154,802 (255,329) (165) Income tax expense 3,850 7,229 (3,379) (47) 12,964 36,904 (23,940) (65) Net (loss) income 
 (141,354) 23,098 (164,452) (712) (113,491) 117,898 (231,389) (196) 
 42 

The following table provides details on our operating results by reportable segment for the respective periods (in thousands, except percentages): Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Array Legacy Operations 160,266 244,857 (84,591) (35) 459,807 895,322 (435,515) (49) STI Operations 71,140 105,581 (34,441) (33) 180,768 339,614 (158,846) (47) Total 231,406 350,438 (119,032) (34) 640,575 1,234,936 (594,361) (48) Gross Profit Array Legacy Operations 65,726 58,233 7,493 13 192,118 241,019 (48,901) (20) STI Operations 12,589 29,146 (16,557) (57) 27,240 90,303 (63,063) (70) Total 78,315 87,379 (9,064) (10) 219,358 331,322 (111,964) (34) 

Comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 Consolidated revenue decreased 119.0 million, or 34 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by lower revenue from Array Legacy Operations of 35 and STI Operations of 33 . 
 
 Array Legacy Operations revenue decreased by 84.6 million, or 35 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily driven by a decrease of approximately 35 in volume. 
 
 Revenue from STI Operations decreased by 34.4 million, or 33 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease of approximately 13 in volume, a decrease of approximately 12 in average selling prices and a foreign currency impact of approximately 7 . 
 
 Consolidated revenue decreased 594.4 million, or 48 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by lower revenue from Array Legacy Operations of 49 and STI Operations of 47 . 
 
 Array Legacy Operations revenue decreased by 435.5 million, or 49 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by a decrease of approximately 46 in volume and a decrease of approximately 5 in average selling prices. 
 
 Revenue from STI Operations decreased by 158.8 million, or 47 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease of approximately 31 in volume, a decrease of approximately 19 in average selling prices and a foreign currency impact of approximately 3 . 
 
 43 

Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 
 Consolidated cost of revenue decreased by 110.0 million, or 42 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, in line with lower revenue, combined with lower input costs per watt, resulting from supply chain and engineering cost control initiatives and the realization of 45X benefits associated with torque tubes and structural fasteners. 
 
 Consolidated gross profit decreased by 9.1 million, or 10 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross Margin increased to 34 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 25 during the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Array Legacy Operations gross profit increased by 7.5 million, or 13 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin increased to 41 from 24 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in gross margin was driven by the realization of 45X benefits associated with torque tubes and structural fasteners during the quarter. 
 
 STI Operations gross profit decreased by 16.6 million, or 57 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin for STI Operations decreased to 18 from 28 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, driven primarily by a decline in average selling prices of approximately 12 , partially offset by lower commodity prices. 
 
 Consolidated cost of revenue decreased by 482.4 million, or 53 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, in line with lower revenues and the realization of 45X benefits associated with torque tubes and structural fasteners. 
 
 Consolidated gross profit decreased by 112.0 million, or 34 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin increased to 34 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 27 during the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Array Legacy Operations gross profit decreased by 48.9 million, or 20 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin at Array Legacy Operations increased to 42 from 27 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in gross margin was driven by the realization of 45X benefits associated with torque tubes and structural fasteners. In addition, the Company also recognized a one-time 4.0 million settlement with one of our vendors during the first quarter of 2024, which was recorded as a reduction of cost of product and service revenue. 
 
 STI Operations gross profit decreased by 63.1 million, or 70 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin for STI Operations decreased to 15 from 27 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in line with lower revenue and a decrease in average selling prices of 19 , partially offset by lower commodity prices. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Consolidated general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 2.7 million, or 7 , and decreased by 0.9 million, or 1 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase during the third quarter of 2024 was primarily due to an increase of 2.0 million in legal and other professional fees, an increase of 1.6 million in an allowance 
 44 

for credit risk related to one customer in Brazil, partially offset by lower personnel expenses as a result of lower stock-based compensation expense and lower headcount. 
 
 General and administrative expenses decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to 4.4 million of lower personnel expenses as a result lower stock-based compensation expense and lower headcount, partially offset by an increase of 3.4 million in an allowance for credit risk related to a limited number of customers in Brazil. 
 
 Change in the fair value of contingent consideration for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted in a loss of 39 thousand and a gain of 0.3 million, respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Consolidated depreciation and amortization expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 0.7 million, or 7 , and 2.0 million, or 7 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to certain assets acquired becoming fully amortized. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company identified certain indicators of impairment, which resulted in an impairment of goodwill of 162.0 million. See Note 5 Goodwill and Other Intangibles for additional information. 
 
 Interest Income 
 Consolidated interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 0.8 million, or 23 , and 6.6 million, or 107 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of higher cash on hand and higher yields on our cash management program. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 Consolidated interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 4.8 million, or 37 , and 9.6 million, or 27 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the impact of the 74.3 million of principal pay downs on our Term Loan Facility during 2023. These pay downs were the result of focused efforts to decrease our outstanding debt balance with free cash flows from operations. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Consolidated income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 3.4 million, or 47 , and 23.9 million, or 65 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company recorded income tax expense of 3.9 million and 13.0 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to income tax expense of 7.2 million and 36.9 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Our effective tax rate was (2.8) and (12.9) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 23.8 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 No tax benefit was recorded from the goodwill impairment recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as the goodwill is non-deductible for income tax purposes. Our effective tax rate, excluding the impact of the goodwill impairment was 15.7 and 21.1 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was favorably impacted by lower profits in non- 
 45 

US jurisdictions and additional tax credits recorded during the period. This is partially offset by legislative changes in Brazil where a local tax incentive is no longer exempt from federal income tax beginning in 2024. Tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was unfavorably impacted by higher income reported in non-U.S. jurisdictions. 
 
 The Company recorded income tax expense of 13.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to an expense of 36.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was favorably impacted by lower profits in non-US jurisdictions and additional tax credits recorded during the period. This was partially offset by legislative changes in Brazil where a local tax incentive is no longer exempt from federal income tax beginning in 2024. Additionally, tax expense of 0.5 million related to equity-based compensation, was recorded discretely. Tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was unfavorably impacted by higher income reported in non-U.S. jurisdictions, offset by a tax benefit of 1.2 million related to equity-based compensation, recorded discretely. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Divestiture of Investment in Equity Securities 
 In June 2024, we divested 100 of our equity investment in preferred stock of a private company we purchased in 2021. We received 12.0 million in proceeds for the divestiture in July 2024. No gain or loss resulted from this transaction. 
 
 Cash Flows (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 96,394 137,974 Net cash used in investing activities 6,409 (11,615) Net cash used in financing activities 
 (12,241) (84,442) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (7,270) (1,808) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 83,292 40,109 
 
 We have historically financed our operations primarily with the proceeds from contributions, operating cash flows and short and long-term borrowings. Our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations is dependent on the strength of our gross margins as well as our ability to quickly turn our working capital. Based on our past performance and current expectations, we believe that operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our future cash needs. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our cash balance was 332.4 million, of which 24.1 million was held outside the U.S., and net working capital was 527.4 million. We had outstanding borrowings of 235.0 million under our 575 million Term Loan Facility and 183.6 million available to us under our 200 million Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 The Company continually monitors and reviews its liquidity position and funding needs. Management believes that the Company s ability to generate operating cash flows in the future and available borrowing capacity under its Senior Secured Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet its future liquidity needs. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by operating activities was 96.4 million attributable to a net loss of 113.5 million and a net cash outflow of 1.9 million from changes in our operating 
 46 

assets and liabilities, offset by non-cash adjustments of 211.8 million, mainly consisting of goodwill impairment charges, depreciation and amortization expense and equity-based compensation. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash provided by operating activities was 138.0 million, of which 184.8 million was generated from net income as adjusted for the impact of non-cash expenses, consisting primarily of depreciation and amortization, equity-based compensation, amortization of developed technology, and amortization of debt discount and issuance costs. Increases in accrued expenses and other of 18.5 million, accounts payable of 14.4 million, and inventory of 12.6 million, were partially offset by decreases in deferred revenue of 78.2 million and accounts receivable of 6.4 million during the period. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by investing activities was 6.4 million, of which 12.0 million was related to sale of an equity investment in a private company, partially of by 5.6 million of purchases of property, plant and equipment, net of dispositions. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in investing activities was 11.6 million, all of which was related to the purchase of property, plant and equipment. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in financing activities was 12.2 million, driven primarily by a 24.9 million net reduction of other debt and 3.2 million in payments on our Term Loan Facility, as well as 1.4 million in TRA payments issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was 84.4 million, driven primarily by 73.2 million in payments on our Term Loan Facility and a 8.5 million net reduction of other debt. 
 
 Series A Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 On August 10, 2021, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with certain investors (the Purchasers ). Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, on August 11, 2021, we issued and sold to the Purchaser 350,000 shares of a newly designated Series A Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Series A Shares ), having the powers, designations, preferences, and other rights set forth in the Certificate of Designations, and 7,098,765 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 346.0 million. Further, pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, as amended, we have issued and sold to the Purchasers 776,235 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 776. 
 
 In January 2022, we issued 50,000 of Series A Shares, and 1,125,000 shares of our common stock in the Additional Closing for an aggregate purchase price of 49.4 million. 
 
 For more information related to the Series A Shares, see Note 8 Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock , to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Debt Obligations 
 For a discussion of our debt obligations see Note 7 Debt to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 47 

Surety Bonds 
 We are required to provide surety bonds to various parties as required for certain transactions initiated during the ordinary course of business to guarantee our performance in accordance with contractual or legal obligations. As of September 30, 2024, we posted surety bonds in the total amount of approximately 198.2 million. These off-balance sheet arrangements do not adversely impact our liquidity or capital resources. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Management Estimates 
 Goodwill 
 Our goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of business combinations over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill impairment testing requires significant judgment and management estimates, including, but not limited to, the determination of (i) the number of reporting units, (ii) the goodwill and other assets and liabilities to be allocated to the reporting units and (iii) the fair values of the reporting units. The estimates and assumptions described above, along with other factors such as discount rates, will significantly affect the outcome of the impairment tests and the amounts of any resulting impairment losses. We may use either a qualitative or quantitative approach when testing a reporting unit s goodwill for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter of each year, and between annual tests whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If we use a qualitative approach and determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we would then perform the first step of the goodwill impairment test, which would consist primarily of a discounted cash flow DCF analysis using the income approach, with the resulting value compared to GPC marketplace EBITDA multiples to corroborate the fair value of the reporting unit. 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company experienced a sustained decline in its stock price, which hit a 52-week low during the quarter, resulting in a decrease in market capitalization. In addition, the Company updated its long-term projections for the Company s reporting units and evaluated the execution risk associated with the Company s projections. As a result, the Company identified indicators of impairment related to the Company s reporting units. Management, with the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist, performed an interim quantitative goodwill impairment test of the Legacy Array Operations and STI Operations reporting units as of September 30, 2024. As a result of this test, the Company recorded an impairment of goodwill of 162.0 million related to the STI Operations reporting unit. The estimated fair value of the Array Legacy Operations reporting unit was significantly higher than the carrying balance of the reporting unit. Subsequent to recording the impairment of goodwill, the Company reconciled the overall market capitalization of the Company, within a reasonable range, to the sum of the estimated fair values of both of the Company s reporting units. 
 
 The significant assumptions used in determining the fair value of the Company s reporting units primarily relate to the revenue growth rate, the forecasted EBITDA margin, and the selected discount rate used in the discounted cash flow model under the income approach. Under the GPC method, the selection of EBITDA multiples to be used requires significant judgement. To the extent that the discount rate used in determining the present value of our cash flows increases, if we do not meet the cash flow projections for the reporting unit, or GPC multiples in the future decrease, additional impairment charges may be recorded in the future. In addition, a further decrease in the Company s common stock share price and market capitalization over a sustained period of time could be an indication that there has been a further decrease in the fair value of the Company s reporting units. 
 
 The most significant assumption used in determining the estimated fair value of STI Operations is the discount rate assumption. A 100-basis point increase in the discount rate would potentially result in an incremental 
 48 

goodwill impairment of 40 million. A 100-basis point decrease in the discount rate would result in a reduction in the goodwill impairment of 48 million. 
 
 For a further discussion of our critical accounting estimates, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting estimates disclosed in such Annual Report on Form 10-K other than what has been disclosed above. 
 
 Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of adoption of new and recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 We are exposed to market risk in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of fluctuations in steel and aluminum prices and customer concentrations. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 
 There have been no material changes to the information previously provided under Item 7A. of our 2023 Annual Report. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer, also acting as interim Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at a reasonable assurance level, due to the following outstanding material weakness previously reported in Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as described below. 
 
 Control Activities STI. We did not design, implement, and monitor general information technology controls in the areas of program change management, user access, and segregation of duties for systems supporting substantially all of STI s internal control processes and we did not design and implement formal accounting policies, procedures, and controls across substantially all of the STI s business processes to achieve timely, complete, accurate financial accounting, reporting, and disclosures. 
 49 

After giving full consideration to this material weakness, and the additional analyses and other procedures that we performed to ensure that our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, our management has concluded that our condensed consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods disclosed in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Remediation of Previously Identified Material Weakness 
 The following entity level material weakness was previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023: 
 
 We have identified a material weakness due to a deficiency in one of the principles associated with the Control Environment component of the COSO framework, specifically relating to a lack of a sufficient complement of qualified personnel at the appropriate levels to perform control activities in support of preparing the financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Since the fourth quarter of 2023, management has been executing plans to remediate the above material weakness by hiring a robust team of experienced personnel at the appropriate levels. These personnel have been hired at our international and domestic locations, and have prior public accounting and public company experience, technical accounting experience, and financial reporting experience. In connection with these remediation efforts, we have also realigned the accounting functions to strengthen the performance of controls, and enhanced monitoring activities. Considering the fact these individuals have been in their respective roles and were able to effectively perform control activities as part of the first and second quarter 2024 financial reporting process, management concluded sufficient evidence has been obtained to demonstrate the previously identified material weakness has been remediated as of June 30, 2024. 
 
 Remediation Plan for Previously Identified Material Weakness 
 We are actively focusing on effectively strengthening our ICFR and remediating the remaining material weakness by designing and implementing the following actions: 
 
 Control Activities (STI): During the second quarter of 2024, we implemented an Enterprise Resource Planning system ERP for our operations in Brazil, which resulted in our ability to be able to implement automated controls and General Information Technology Controls, which will allow for less reliance on manual controls. 
 
 The steps involved to remediate the material weakness are subject to ongoing management review, as well as oversight by the audit committee of our board of directors. Additional or modified measures may also be required to remediate the material weakness. We will not be able to conclude that we have completely remediated the material weakness until the applicable controls are fully implemented and have operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through formal testing, that the remediated controls are operating effectively. We will continue to monitor the design and effectiveness of these and other processes, procedures, and controls and make any further changes management deems appropriate. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, except for the changes discussed above, there have been no other changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 50 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 See Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies under the heading Legal Proceedings of our condensed consolidated financial statements for legal proceedings and related matters. In addition to the lawsuits described in Note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, from time to time we may be involved in claims arising in the ordinary course of business. To our knowledge, other than the cases described in Note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, no material legal proceedings, governmental actions, investigations or claims are currently pending against us or involve us that, in the opinion of our management, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Except as set forth below, and to the extent additional factual information disclosed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report relates to such risk factors (including, without limitation, the matters discussed in Part I, Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ), there were no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, in our 2023 Annual Report . 
 
 Changes in the global trade environment, including the imposition of import tariffs, could adversely affect the amount or timing of our revenues, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Escalating trade tensions, particularly between the U.S. and China, have led to increased tariffs and trade restrictions, including tariffs applicable to certain materials and components for our products or for products used in solar energy projects more broadly, such as module supply and availability. More specifically, in March 2018, the U.S. imposed a 25 tariff on steel imports and a 10 tariff on aluminum imports pursuant to Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 and has imposed additional tariffs on steel and aluminum imports pursuant to Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962. To the extent we continue to use overseas suppliers of steel and aluminum, these tariffs could result in interruptions in the supply chain and impact costs and our gross margins. In addition, the threat of potential tariffs can create uncertainty among our customers and slow down the rate of existing projects and projects in our orderbook. 
 
 For example, in January 2018, the U.S. adopted a tariff on imported solar modules and cells pursuant to Section 201 of the Trade Act of 1974. The tariff was initially set at 30 , with a gradual reduction over four years to 15 . While this tariff does not apply directly to the components we import, it may indirectly affect us by impacting the financial viability of solar energy projects, which could in turn reduce demand for our products. On February 4, 2022, President Biden extended the safeguard tariff for an additional four years, starting at a rate of 14.75 and reducing that rate each year to 14 in 2026, and directed the U.S. Trade Representative to conclude agreements with Canada and Mexico on trade in solar products. On July 7, 2022, the U.S. and Canada entered into a non-binding memorandum of understanding in which the U.S. agreed to suspend application of the safeguard tariff to Canadian crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells imported as of February 1, 2022. While this tariff does not apply directly to the components we import, it may indirectly affect us by impacting the financial viability of solar energy projects, which could in turn reduce demand for our products. Furthermore, in July 2018, the U.S. adopted a 10 tariff on a long list of products imported from China under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, including, inverters and power optimizers, which became effective on September 24, 2018. In June 2019, the U.S. Trade Representative increased the rate of such tariffs from 10 to 25 . While these tariffs are not directly applicable to our products, they could impact the solar energy projects in which our products are used, which could lead to unexpected delays or decreased demand for our products. 
 51 

In June 2022, the U.S. President authorized the U.S. Secretary of Commerce to provide a 24-month AD/CVD tariff exemption for imported solar panels from certain Southeast Asian countries. The USDOC previously issued regulations implementing the AD/CVD moratorium in the event that it found circumvention with respect to such Southeast Asian countries. In August 2023, the USDOC issued final affirmative circumvention rulings, finding that solar panels completed in Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam using parts and components produced in China circumvent the pre-existing AD/CVD orders on China. 
 
 On April 24, 2024, the American Alliance for Solar Manufacturing Trade Committee, an ad hoc coalition of domestic producers of CSPV cells and modules, filed a petition with the USDOC and the USITC seeking the imposition of AD/CVD tariffs on imports of CSPV cells and modules from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam. The USITC made a preliminary affirmative determination on June 7, 2024, and the USDOC made its preliminary affirmative determination on October 1, 2024. The preliminary tariff rates varying from below 1 to almost 300 , depending on the relevant company. 
 
 While we do not sell solar modules, the degree of our exposure is dependent on, among other things, the impact of the AD/CVD orders on the projects that are also intended to use our products, with such impact being largely out of our control. We have seen a number of projects in our order book delayed as a result of the USDOC investigation, and effective enforcement of the AD/CVD orders could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 More broadly, legislation has been proposed that would make it easier for domestic companies to obtain affirmative determinations in antidumping and countervailing duties investigations. The proposed USICA/America COMPETES Act, if enacted, could result in future successful petitions that limit imports from Asia and other regions. 
 
 Additionally, in October 2023, a coalition of U.S. aluminum extruders and a labor union filed AD/CVD cases on aluminum extrusions from fifteen countries. The USDOC has initiated investigations based on the petitions. Certain components in our trackers, including certain clamps, U-joints, and bearing housings are made using extruded aluminum. Our operating results could be adversely impacted if the USDOC imposes duties on such imports. In April 2024, the American Alliance for Solar Manufacturing Trade Committee, an ad hoc coalition of domestic producers of CSPV cells and modules, filed a petition with the USDOC and the USITC seeking the imposition of AD/CVD tariffs on imports of CSPV cells and modules from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam. The USITC made a preliminary affirmative determination on June 7, 2024, and the USDOC is expected to make its preliminary determination in November of 2024. We have been told by our customers that the uncertainty around the implementation of these tariffs has and could continue to result in delays in plans for their projects, which in turn has an impact on the timing of our project delivery. 
 
 Additionally, in October 2023, a coalition of U.S. aluminum extruders and a labor union filed AD/CVD cases on aluminum extrusions from fifteen countries. The USDOC has initiated investigations based on the petitions. Certain components in our trackers, including certain clamps, U-joints, and bearing housings are made using extruded aluminum. In September 2024, the USDOC released its final determination from their investigations against aluminum extrusions from multiple countries. On October 30, 2024, the USITC voted to find no injury in its pending AD/CVD investigation, meaning that the USDOC s AD/CVD orders will not go into effect. The coalition of petitioners may still appeal the USITC s decision, and we will continue to monitor developments in the appeal process. If the USITC s decision is overturned on appeal, the imposition of AD/CVD orders could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 52 

Tariffs and the possibility of additional tariffs and duties in the future like those described above have created uncertainty in the industry. If the price of solar systems in the U.S. increases, the use of solar systems could become less economically feasible and could reduce our gross margins or reduce the demand of solar systems manufactured and sold, which in turn may decrease demand for our products. Additionally, existing or future tariffs may negatively affect key customers, suppliers, and manufacturing partners. Such outcomes could adversely affect the amount or timing of our revenues, results of operations or cash flows, and continuing uncertainty could cause sales volatility, price fluctuations or supply shortages or cause our customers to advance or delay their purchase of our products. It is difficult to predict what further trade-related actions governments may take, which may include additional or increased tariffs and trade restrictions, and we may be unable to quickly and effectively react to such actions. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 From time to time, our directors and officers may adopt plans for the purchase or sale of our securities. Such plans may be designed to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act or may constitute non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers , amended or any such plan or trading arrangement. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Number Exhibit Description Form Date No. 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Array Technologies, Inc., dated October 19, 2020 
 8-K 10/19/2020 3.1 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Array Technologies, Inc., dated October 19, 2020 
 8-K 10/19/2020 3.2 3.3 Certificate of Designations of Series A Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 8-K 8/11/2021 3.1 10.1 Array Technologies, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan 
 8-K 5/24/2024 10.1 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 
 53 

Number Exhibit Description Form Date No. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data Files 

Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 54 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Array Technologies, Inc. 
 
 By: /s/ Kevin G. Hostetler Date: November 7, 2024 Kevin G. Hostetler Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 55 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit3112024q3.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 
 I, Kevin G. Hostetler, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Array Technologies, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Kevin G. Hostetler Kevin G. Hostetler Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 exhibit3212024q3.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Quarterly Report of Array Technologies, Inc. (the Company filed on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kevin G. Hostetler, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Kevin G. Hostetler Kevin G. Hostetler Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 arry-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 arry-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 arry-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 arry-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 arry-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

