<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1713407_0001713407-24-000119.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12078147</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>172029</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1674803</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5224134</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2386515</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2326224</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001713407-24-000119.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114114252
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001713407-24-000119
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BROOKFIELD REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001713407
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				822365593
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56428
		FILM NUMBER:		241458927

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 VESEY STREET
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10281
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-417-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 VESEY STREET
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10281

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OAKTREE REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170728

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001713407-24-000119.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 oak-20240930.htm
 10-Q

oak-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. X No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). X No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer X Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No X 
 As of October 31, 2024, the registrant had the following shares outstanding: Class I shares, par value 0.01 per share, Class S shares, par value 0.01 per share, Class D shares, par value 0.01 per share, Class C shares, no par value per share, and Class E shares, no par value per share. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 ITEM 1. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 36 
 ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 53 
 ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 53 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 54 
 ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 54 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 54 
 ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 55 
 ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 57 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 57 
 ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 57 
 ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 
 58 
 SIGNATURES 
 59 
 
 WEBSITE DISCLOSURE 
 Investors and others should note that we use our website, www.BrookfieldREIT.com , to announce material information to investors and the marketplace. While not all of the information that we post on our website is of a material nature, some information could be deemed to be material. Accordingly, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in us to review the information that we share on our website. Information contained on, or available through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this document. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Investments in real estate, net Investments in real estate-related loans and securities, net Investments in unconsolidated entities Intangible assets, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts and other receivables, net Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity Mortgage loans, secured term loan and secured credit facility, net Unsecured revolving credit facility Due to affiliates Intangible liabilities, net Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Subscriptions received in advance Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies Redeemable non-controlling interests attributable to OP unitholders Stockholders Equity Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued nor outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class S shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class I shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class T shares, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued nor outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Common stock - Class D shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Common stock - Class C shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock - Class E shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stockholders Equity Non-controlling interests attributable to third party joint ventures Non-controlling interests attributable to preferred stockholders Total Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the assets and liabilities of investments consolidated as variable interest entities for which the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Investments in real estate, net Intangible assets, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts and other receivables, net Other assets Total Assets Liabilities Mortgage loans, net Due to affiliates Intangible liabilities, net Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Total Liabilities 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Rental revenues Other revenues Total revenues Expenses Rental property operating General and administrative Management fee Impairment of investments in real estate Depreciation and amortization Total expenses Other income (expense) Income from real estate-related loans and securities Interest expense ) ) ) ) Gain on extinguishment of debt Gain (loss) from unconsolidated entities ) Other income (expense), net ) Total other income (expense) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures Net income attributable to non-controlling interests - preferred stockholders ) ) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to stockholders ) ) ) ) Per common share data: Net loss per share of common stock - basic and diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Par Value Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class C Common Stock Class E Common Stock Class D Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Non-controlling Interests Attributable to Third Party Joint Ventures Non-controlling Interests Attributable to Preferred Stockholders Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) Common stock issued Stock-based compensation Distribution reinvestment Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions ) ) ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Offering costs Net (loss) income ) ) ) ) Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) Three months ended September 30, 2023 Par Value Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class C Common Stock Class E Common Stock Class D Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Non-controlling Interests Attributable to Third Party Joint Ventures Non-controlling Interests Attributable to Preferred Stockholders Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) Common stock issued Stock-based compensation Distribution reinvestment Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions ) ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) Offering costs Net loss ) ) ) ) Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Par Value Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class C Common Stock Class E Common Stock Class D Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Non-controlling Interests Attributable to Third Party Joint Ventures Non-controlling Interests Attributable to Preferred Stockholders Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) Common stock issued Preferred equity issued Stock-based compensation Distribution reinvestment Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions ) ) ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Offering costs Net loss (income) ) ) ) ) Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Par Value Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class C Common Stock Class E Common Stock Class D Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Non-controlling Interests Attributable to Third Party Joint Ventures Non-controlling Interests Attributable to Preferred Stockholders Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) Common stock issued Stock-based compensation Distribution reinvestment Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions ) ) ) ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) Offering costs ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) ) Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment of investments in real estate Management fees Gain on extinguishment of debt ) Amortization of above and below market leases and lease inducements ) ) Amortization of restricted stock grants Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of upfront derivative acquisition costs Provision for current expected credit losses ) Amortization of origination fees and discount ) Paid-in-kind interest ) Realized gain on sale of derivatives ) Realized gain on investments in real estate-related loans and securities ) ) Unrealized (gain) on investments ) ) Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated entities Changes in assets and liabilities: Increase in lease inducements and origination costs ) ) Upfront derivative acquisition costs ) ) Proceeds from settlement of derivative contracts Increase in other assets ) ) Increase in accounts and other receivables ) ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Increase in due to affiliates ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Acquisitions of real estate ) ) Purchase of real estate-related loans and securities ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate-related loans and securities Proceeds from principal repayments of real estate-related loans and securities Proceeds from disposition of real estate Capital improvements to real estate ) ) Purchase of trading securities ) ) Proceeds from sale of trading securities Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings from mortgage loans and secured credit facility Repayment of mortgage loans ) Borrowings from affiliate line of credit Repayment of affiliate line of credit ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from issuance of preferred equity Repurchases of common stock ) ) Subscriptions received in advance Payment of organizational and offering costs ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests attributable to preferred stockholders ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash-equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash-equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash-equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash to the consolidated balance sheets: Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosures: Interest paid Non-cash investing and financing activities: Accrued distributions ) ) Accrued stockholder servicing fee due to affiliate ) Accrued offering costs ) Accrued capital improvements 141 ) Accrued repurchases of common stock in accounts payable ) Accrued repurchases of common stock in due to affiliates ) Decrease in assets and liabilities in connection with disposition of real estate Investments in real estate, net Mortgage loans 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 billion in shares of common stock (the Initial Public Offering ), which was declared effective on April 30, 2018 and terminated on November 2, 2021. The Company subsequently registered a follow-on offering with the SEC of up to billion in shares of common stock, consisting of up to billion in shares in its primary offering and up to billion in shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan, which was declared effective on November 2, 2021 (the Current Offering and with the Initial Public Offering, the Offering ). 
 Pursuant to the Current Offering, the Company is offering to the public any combination of classes of shares of its common stock, Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The publicly offered share classes have different upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and ongoing stockholder servicing fees. The purchase price per share for each class of common stock varies and generally equals the Company s prior month s net asset value NAV per share, as determined monthly, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. The Company intends to continue selling shares on a monthly basis. 
 In addition to the Current Offering, the Company is conducting private offerings of Class I and Class C shares to feeder vehicles that offer interests in such vehicles to non-U.S. persons. The offer and sale of Class I and Class C shares to the feeder vehicles is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation S promulgated thereunder. The Company is also offering Class E shares to Brookfield and its affiliates and certain of Brookfield s and Oaktree s employees and the Company s independent directors in one or more private offerings. The offer and sale of Class E shares is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company owned investments in real estate, investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures, investments in real estate-related loans, and investments in real estate-related debt securities. The Company currently operates in reportable segments: rental housing, net lease, office, logistics, and real estate-related loans and securities. See Note 14 Segment Reporting to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for financial results by segment. 
 In October 2024, the Company launched a program (the DST Program to raise capital, through its Operating Partnership, through private placement offerings exempt from registration under the Securities Act by selling beneficial interests in specific Delaware statutory trusts DSTs holding real properties (the DST Properties ). As of September 30, 2024, no proceeds had been raised through the DST Program. 

2. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of unrealized losses related to changes in the fair value of the Company s investments in real estate-related securities has been reclassified from Unrealized (loss) gain on investments, net to Income from real estate-related loans and securities to conform to the current period presentation. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million and million, respectively, of realized gains related to sales of investments in real estate-related loans and securities has been reclassified from Realized gain on real estate investments, net to Income from real estate-related loans and securities to conform with the current period presentation. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million of unrealized gains and million of unrealized losses, respectively, related to changes in the fair value of the Company s investments in unconsolidated entities has been reclassified from Unrealized (loss) gain on investments, net to Gain (loss) from unconsolidated entities to conform with the current period presentation. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million and million, respectively, of realized losses related the Company s foreign currency swap have been reclassified from Realized gain on financial instruments to Gain (loss) from unconsolidated entities to conform with the current period presentation. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million and million, respectively, of unrealized gains related the Company s foreign currency swap have been reclassified from Unrealized (loss) gain on investments, net to Gain (loss) from unconsolidated entities to conform with the current period presentation. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million and million, respectively, of unrealized gains related to changes in the fair value of the Company s interest rate derivatives have been reclassified from Unrealized (loss) gain on investments, net to Other income, net to conform with the current period presentation. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million and million, respectively, of net realized gains related to trading securities has been reclassified from Realized gain on real estate investments, net and Unrealized (loss) gain on investments, net to Other income, net to conform with the current period presentation. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million and million, respectively, of interest income related to operating properties has been reclassified from Income from real estate-related loans and securities to Other income, net to conform with the current period presentation. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

- years 
 Building and site improvements - years 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment - years 
 Tenant improvements Shorter of estimated useful life or lease term In-place lease intangibles Over lease term Above and below market leases Over lease term Lease origination costs Over lease term Present value of tax abatement savings Over tax abatement period 
 When assets are sold or retired, their costs and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts with the resulting gains or losses reflected in net income or loss for the period. 
 The Company s management reviews its real estate properties for impairment when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicates an impaired value. In reviewing the portfolio, the Company s management examines the type of asset, the economic situation in the area in which the asset is located, the economic situation in the industry in which the tenant is involved and the timeliness of the payments made by the tenant under its lease, changes in holding period, as well as any current correspondence that may have been had with the tenant, including property inspection reports. For each real estate asset 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 11 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. These amounts are included in Accounts and other receivables on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, income from trading securities was million and million, respectively. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 million of net losses and million of net gains during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company recognized million and million of net gains during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency derivatives are related to the Company s unconsolidated non-U.S investment and are recorded as a Gain (loss) from unconsolidated entities on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recognized million and million of net losses on its foreign currency swap contracts during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company recognized million of net gains and million of net losses on its foreign currency swap contracts during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Interest Rate Caps Foreign Currency Swap Contracts N/A 
 Refer to Note 6 Investments in Real Estate-Related Loans and Securities for information regarding the Company s interest rate derivatives related to its investments in real estate-related securities. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Investments in unconsolidated entities Trading securities Derivatives Interest rate swaps related to investments in real estate-related securities Total 
 
 The following table details the Company s assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs in thousands): 
 Investments in real estate-related securities Investments in unconsolidated entities Total Assets Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 Transfer into Level 3 Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated entities ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain ) Gain on foreign currency translation Balance as of September 30, 2024 

The following tables contain the quantitative inputs and assumptions used for items categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 
 Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Inputs Average Impact to Valuation from an Increase in Input Investments in real estate-related securities Discounted cash flow Discount rate Decrease Investments in unconsolidated entities Discounted cash flow Discount rate Decrease Exit capitalization rate Decrease 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Discounted cash flow Discount rate Decrease Exit capitalization rate Decrease 
 Valuation of Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 Certain of the Company s assets are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments, such as when there is evidence of impairment, and therefore measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. The Company reviews its real estate properties for impairment each quarter or when there is an event or change in circumstances that could indicate the carrying amount of the real estate value may not be recoverable. Upon execution of the purchase and sale agreement on August 28, 2024 related to an office property, the Company recognized a million impairment charge on the property. 
 Valuation of Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value 
 The fair value of the Company s indebtedness is estimated by modeling the cash flows required by the Company s debt agreements and discounting them back to the present value using an appropriate discount rate. Additionally, the Company considers current market rate and conditions by evaluating similar borrowing agreements with comparable loan-to-value ratios and credit profiles. The inputs used in determining the fair value of the Company s indebtedness are considered Level 3. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Company s mortgage loans and other indebtedness was approximately million below the outstanding principal balance. 
 million and million, respectively, related to its TRSs within General and administrative on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized income tax expense of million and million, respectively, related to its TRSs within General and administrative on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 million of organization and offering expenses on the Company s behalf through July 5, 2023 subject to the following reimbursement terms (1) the Company reimburses the Adviser for all such advanced expenses paid through July 5, 2022 ratably over the months following July 6, 2022; and (2) the Company reimburses the Adviser for all such advanced expenses paid from July 6, 2022 through July 5, 2023 ratably over the months following July 6, 2023. Beginning July 6, 2023, the Company reimburses the Adviser for any organization and offering expenses that it incurs on the Company's behalf as and when incurred. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 dilutive participating securities. 
 of the transaction price and ongoing stockholder servicing fees of per annum of the aggregate NAV for outstanding Class S and Class T shares with a limit of up to, in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds from such shares. The Dealer Manager is entitled to receive upfront selling commissions of up to of the transaction price and ongoing stockholder servicing fees of per annum of the aggregate NAV for outstanding Class D shares with a limit of up to, in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds from such shares. There are upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees or ongoing stockholder servicing fees with respect to Class I shares. The Dealer Manager has entered into agreements with the selected dealers distributing the Company s shares in the Current Offering, which provide, among other things, for the re-allowance of the full amount of the selling commissions and dealer manager fees and all or a portion of the stockholder servicing fees received by the Dealer Manager to such selected dealers. The Company accrues the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time each Class T, Class S and Class D share is sold, which is recorded as a component of Due to affiliates in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 Land and land improvements Tenant improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Total Accumulated depreciation ) ) Investments in real estate, net 
 Acquisitions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company acquired million of investments in real estate, comprised of single-family rental properties and student housing property, which are included in the Company s rental housing segment. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company acquired million of real estate investments, comprised of single-family rental properties, which are included in the Company s rental housing segment. 
 Various Rental Housing Various 2023 Single-Family Rentals Various Rental Housing Various 2024 Reflection Atlanta, GA Rental Housing June 2024 Total (1) Purchase price is inclusive of closing costs. 
 Land and land improvements Tenant improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment In-place lease intangibles Lease origination costs Total purchase price (1) 
 (1) Purchase price is inclusive of closing costs. 
 
 Dispositions 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company disposed of an office property for a gross sales price of million. In connection with the sale, the Company repaid million of the mortgage loan secured by the property and the 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 lender extinguished the loan, resulting in a million gain on extinguishment of debt. The Company did not receive any net sales proceeds from the disposition. 
 
 4. 
 investments in unconsolidated joint ventures that it has elected to account for using the FVO, as the Company s ownership interests in the joint ventures do not meet the requirements for consolidation. 
 On December 15, 2023, the Company acquired a equity interest in The Avery, a condo and multifamily property located in San Francisco, California, through an indirect interest in a joint venture that owns the property. The Company did not pay any consideration for its interest, which was granted to the Company by the borrower on the Company s investments in The Avery Senior Loan and The Avery Mezzanine Loan. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Company s equity interest in The Avery was . 
 The Company holds a interest in Principal Place, a net lease property located in London, United Kingdom, through an indirect interest in the joint venture that owns the property. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Company s interest in Principal Place was million and million, respectively. 
 Total Liabilities Total Equity 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total Revenues Total Expenses Net Loss ) ) ) 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Lease origination costs Lease inducements Tax intangibles Above-market lease intangibles Total intangible assets Accumulated amortization: In-place lease intangibles ) ) Lease origination costs ) ) Lease inducements ) Tax intangibles ) ) Above-market lease intangibles ) ) Total accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net Intangible liabilities: Below-market lease intangibles ) ) Accumulated amortization Intangible liabilities, net ) ) 
 
 The weighted average amortization periods of the Company s intangible assets is months and intangible liabilities is months. 
 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) 2028 ) 2029 ) Thereafter ) Total ) 

19 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Real estate-related loans Interest rate swaps Total investments in real estate-related loans and securities 

June 2026 Principal due at maturity The Avery Senior Loan (2) 
 The Avery Condominium San Francisco, California 
 December 2024 Principal due at maturity (3) 
 ) The Avery Mezzanine Loan (2) 
 The Avery Condominium San Francisco, California 
 December 2024 Principal due at maturity (3) 
 ) Total ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 
 Investment Collateral Interest Rate (1) 
 Maturity Date Payment Terms Face Amount Allowance Adjustment Carrying Amount IMC/AMC Bond Investment International Markets Center AmericasMart Atlanta SOFR+ 
 June 2026 Principal due at maturity The Avery Senior Loan (2) 
 The Avery Condominium San Francisco, California 
 December 2024 Principal due at maturity (3) 
 ) The Avery Mezzanine Loan (2) 
 The Avery Condominium San Francisco, California 
 December 2024 Principal due at maturity (3) 
 ) Total ) ` 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, SOFR was and , respectively. 
 (2) The Company s investment is held through its membership interest in an entity which aggregates the Company s interest with interests held by other funds managed by the Sub-Adviser. The Company has been allocated its proportionate share of the loan based on its membership interest in the aggregating entity. In December 2023, the loan agreements were amended to change the interest rate to and extend the maturity date to December 2024. 
 (3) The maturity date may be extended for additional one-year periods, but no later than February 2028, subject to the borrower meeting minimum annual repayment requirements. Generally, loan repayments are made simultaneous with the closing of the sale of any condominium unit. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized an estimated credit loss of million related to its investments in real-estate related loans. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized an allowance recovery of million for estimated credit loss, which is recorded as a component of Income from real estate-related loans and securities on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The estimated credit loss is related to The Avery Senior Loan and The Avery Mezzanine Loan and is based on the expected timing of loan repayments, forecasted cash flows from the underlying collateral, and the current macroeconomic environment. The Company estimates its credit loss allowance primarily using the discounted cash flow method based on projected future principal cash flows for each individual loan. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized million as an allowance adjustment for estimated credit loss. There have been write-offs related to the Company s investments in real estate-related loans. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 SOFR+ 
 August 2026 CMBS - fixed May 2026 RMBS - fixed August 2026 Interest rate swaps 
 September 2026 Total (3) 
 July 2026 
 December 31, 2023 Type of Security Number of Positions Weighted Average Coupon (1) 
 Weighted Average Maturity Date (2) 
 Face Amount Cost Basis Fair Value CMBS - floating SOFR+ 
 November 2025 CMBS - fixed April 2026 RMBS - floating SOFR+ 
 October 2024 RMBS - fixed July 2026 Total January 2026 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, SOFR was equal to and , respectively. 
 (2) Weighted average maturity date is based on the fully extended maturity date of the investments. (3) Total weighted average coupon is calculated on CMBS and RMBS and excludes interest rate swaps. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded net gains of million and net gains of million, respectively, on its investments in real estate-related securities. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded net losses on its investments in real estate-related securities of million and million, respectively. Such amounts are recorded as components of Income from real estate-related loans and securities on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 million and a weighted average strike rate of . The Company did not have any interest rate swap contracts related to its investments in real estate-related securities as of December 31, 2023. Interest paid or received by the Company related to such instruments is recorded as a component of Income from real estate-related loans and securities on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company measures its interest rate swap contracts at fair value and records the value of such instruments as a component of Investments in real estate-related loans and securities, net in its Consolidated Balance Sheets and any realized and unrealized gains or losses as a component of Income from real estate-related loans and securities on its Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 Accounts receivable, net Interest receivable Total accounts and other receivables, net September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Derivative instruments Other Prepaid expenses Trading securities Total other assets 

8. 
 Stock repurchases payable Real estate taxes payable Distributions payable Tenant security deposits Accrued interest expense Derivative instruments Prepaid rent Total accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 December 2029 N/A Total fixed rate loans Variable rate loans: Floating rate mortgages SOFR+ 
 September 2027 N/A Secured credit facility (3) 
 SOFR+ 
 January 2025 Affiliate line of credit (4) 
 SOFR+ 
 November 2025 Total variable rate loans Total indebtedness Deferred financing costs, net ) ) Total indebtedness, net 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, SOFR was and , respectively. 
 (2) Includes the fully extended maturity date for loans with extension options that are at the Company s discretion and the Company currently expects to be able to exercise. (3) As of September 30, 2024, borrowings on the Secured Credit Facility (defined below) were secured by the following properties: 6123-6227 Monroe Court, 2003 Beaver Road, 187 Bartram Parkway, and certain single-family rentals. As of December 31, 2023 borrowings on the Secured Credit Facility were secured by the following properties: 6123-6227 Monroe Court, 2003 Beaver Road, 187 Bartram Parkway, and certain single-family rentals. 
 (4) Borrowings under the Affiliate Line of Credit (defined below) bear interest at a rate of the lowest then-current interest rate for any similar credit product offered by a third-party lender to the Company or its subsidiaries or, if not available, SOFR plus a credit adjustment and a margin. 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 The mortgage loans and Secured Credit Facility are subject to various financial and operational covenants. These covenants require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios, which may include leverage, debt yield, and debt service coverage, among others. As of September 30, 2024, the Company is in compliance with all of its loan covenants that could result in a default under such agreements. 
 Mortgage Loans 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company obtained a million fixed rate mortgage loan related to the acquisition of a property and obtained a million fixed rate mortgage loan in relation to the DST Program. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company did not obtain any new mortgage loans but received million of additional borrowings on an existing mortgage loan. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repaid million of mortgage loans, including a million mortgage loan secured by an office property that the Company 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million gain on extinguishment of debt related to the sale of an office property. During year ended December 31, 2023, the Company did repay any mortgage loans. 
 Secured Credit Facility 
 In November 2021, the Company entered into a credit agreement with a lender (the Secured Credit Facility providing for a senior secured credit facility to be used for the acquisition or refinancing of properties. Borrowings on the Secured Credit Facility are secured by certain properties owned by the Company. 
 The initial maximum aggregate principal amount of the facility was million, which was increased to million in March 2022. In May 2022, the interest rate benchmark was converted from LIBOR to SOFR plus . The Secured Credit Facility had an initial maturity date in November 2022, which was extended to January 2023. 
 In December 2022, the Company refinanced the Secured Credit Facility with the lender. The maximum aggregate principal amount of the facility was amended to million, inclusive of a million revolving credit amount that the Company may repay and re-borrow upon request, subject to certain conditions. The Company may increase the available capacity on the Secured Credit Facility by an additional billion, subject to lender approval. The Secured Credit Facility bears interest at a rate of SOFR plus and has a maturity date of January 2025. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company drew million of additional borrowings on the Secured Credit Facility related to the acquisition of properties. 
 Affiliate Line of Credit 
 In November 2021, the Company entered into a revolving line of credit with an affiliate of Brookfield (the Affiliate Line of Credit ), providing for a discretionary, unsecured, uncommitted credit facility in a maximum aggregate principal amount of million. The Affiliate Line of Credit had an initial maturity date of November 2, 2022, with extension options subject to the lender s approval. Effective November 1, 2024, the maturity date of the Affiliate Line of Credit was extended to November 2, 2025. As of September 30, 2024, there was million of outstanding borrowings on the Affiliate Line of Credit. As of December 31, 2023, there were outstanding borrowings on the Affiliate Line of Credit. 

10. 
 per annum of the Company s NAV on its Class T, Class S, Class D, Class I and Class C shares of common stock, payable monthly. The Operating Partnership pays the Adviser a management fee equal to per annum of the Operating Partnership s NAV of its Class T, Class T-1, Class S, Class S-1, Class D, Class D-1, Class I and Class C units held by unitholders other than the Company, payable monthly. In addition, the Company and the Operating Partnership pay the Adviser a management fee equal to per annum of the aggregate DST Property consideration, payable monthly, for all DST Properties subject to a fair market option Option held by the Operating Partnership. For avoidance of doubt, the Adviser will not receive a duplicative management fee with respect to any DST Property. In calculating the management fee, the Company will use its NAV and the Operating Partnership s NAV before giving effect to any accruals for the management fee, the performance fee, the stockholder servicing fee, the investor servicing fee or distributions payable on its shares or the Operating Partnership s units. No management fee is paid with respect to Class E shares or Class E units. 
 The management fee can be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash or shares of the Company s common stock. To date, the Adviser has elected to receive the management fee in Class I and Class E shares of the Company s common stock. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, management fees earned by the Adviser were million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, management fees earned by the Adviser were million and million, respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued unregistered Class I shares of common stock to the Adviser for the payment of management fees earned from December 2023 through August 2024. The Company also had an accrued payable of million related to the management fee as of September 30, 2024, which is included in Due to affiliates on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. During October 2024, the Adviser was issued unregistered Class I shares as payment for the million management fee accrued as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Adviser is entitled to a performance fee based on the total return of the Company s Class C, Class D, Class I, Class S and Class T shares of common stock (no performance fee is paid on the Class E shares). Total return is defined as distributions paid or accrued plus the change in the Company s NAV, adjusted for subscriptions and repurchases. Pursuant to the Advisory 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 of the total return in excess of a total return (after recouping any loss carryforward amount), subject to a catch-up. The performance fee becomes payable at the end of each calendar year and can be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or units of the Operating Partnership. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company accrued performance fees in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Repurchase of Adviser Shares 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of Class I common stock from the Adviser outside of its share repurchase plan for total consideration of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased shares of Class I common stock from the Adviser outside of its share repurchase plan for total consideration of million. 
 Sub-Adviser Agreement 
 The Company and the Adviser have engaged the Sub-Adviser to select and manage certain of the Company s liquid assets (cash, cash equivalents, other short-term investments, U.S. government securities, agency securities, corporate debt, liquid real estate-related, equity or debt securities, private debt investments and other investments for which there is reasonable liquidity) (the Investment Sleeve in accordance with, and subject to, the Company s investment objectives, strategy, guidelines, policies and limitations pursuant to a sub-advisory agreement among the Company, the Adviser, the Operating Partnership and the Sub-Adviser (the Sub-Advisory Agreement ). 
 The Sub-Adviser earns management and performance fees pursuant to the terms of the Sub-Advisory Agreement. These fees are paid by the Adviser out of the management and performance fees earned by the Adviser; therefore, no management or performance fees related to the Sub-Advisory Agreement have been recognized in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Dealer Manager Agreements 
 The Company has engaged the Dealer Manager, a registered broker-dealer affiliated with the Adviser, as the dealer manager for the Current Offering. The Company pays to the Dealer Manager selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees in connection with sales of the Company s common stock in the Current Offering. The Company accrues the full amount of the future stockholder servicing fees payable to the Dealer Manager for Class S, Class T, and Class D shares up to the of gross proceeds limit at the time such shares are sold. The Dealer Manager has entered into agreements with the selected dealers distributing the Company s shares in the Current Offering, which provide, among other things, for the re-allowance of the full amount of the selling commissions and dealer manager fees and all or a portion of the stockholder servicing fees received by the Dealer Manager to such selected dealers. 
 In connection with the launch of the DST Program, Brookfield Real Estate Exchange LLC, (the DST sponsor ), the Dealer Manager and, solely with respect to its obligations with respect to the investor servicing fee, the Operating Partnership, entered into a DST dealer manager agreement (the DST Dealer Manager Agreement ), pursuant to which the Dealer Manager serves as the dealer manager for the DST Offerings on a best efforts basis. Under the DST Dealer Manager Agreement, each DST will pay the Dealer Manager upfront selling commissions of up to of the total cash purchase price paid per DST Interest sold, upfront dealer manager fees of up to of the total cash purchase price paid per DST Interest sold, and placement fees in an amount up to of the total cash purchase price paid per DST Interest sold. Additionally, each DST will pay to the Dealer Manager an ongoing investor servicing fee of up to per annum of the total cash purchase price paid for the DST Interests sold in the applicable DST Offering. 
 The Operating Partnership will pay the Dealer Manager, solely with respect to Operating Partnership units issued in connection with the FMV Option in exchange for DST Interests and only until the fee limit (if any) set forth in the applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and the participating distribution agent that sold such DST Interests in a DST Offering has been reached, an investor servicing fee equal to per annum of the aggregate NAV for the applicable Class T-1 units, an investor servicing fee equal to per annum of the aggregate NAV for the applicable Class S-1 units and an investor servicing fee equal to per annum of the aggregate NAV for the applicable Class D-1 units. No investor servicing fee will be paid for Class I units. All or a portion of the selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and investor servicing fees may be reallowed to participating distribution agents, as set forth in the applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and such participating distribution agent. 
 Advanced Organization and Offering Costs 
 The Adviser and its affiliates advanced all of the Company s organization and offering expenses (other than upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) through July 5, 2023, subject to the following reimbursement terms: (1) the Company reimburses the Adviser for all such advanced expenses paid through July 5, 2022 ratably over the 60 months following July 6, 2022; and (2) the Company reimburses the Adviser for all such advanced expenses paid from July 6, 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 million. For further details on the Affiliate Line of Credit, see Note 9 Mortgage loans, secured term loan and secured credit facility, net to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Affiliate Loan to DST Property 
 In September 2024, the Company entered into a mortgage loan agreement with an affiliate of Brookfield. The loan is secured by a rental housing property that is expected to be a part of the DST Program. Under the terms of the loan agreement, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of million at a fixed rate of with a maturity date of September 30, 2034. 
 Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement 
 One or more affiliates of Brookfield (individually or collectively, as the context may require, the Brookfield Investor was issued shares of the Company s common stock and Class E units of the Operating Partnership OP Units in connection with its contribution of certain properties on November 2, 2021 (the Brookfield Portfolio ). The Company and the Operating Partnership have entered into a repurchase arrangement with the Brookfield Investor (the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement pursuant to which the Company and the Operating Partnership will offer to repurchase shares of common stock or Class E OP Units from the Brookfield Investor at a price per unit equal to the most recently determined NAV per share or unit immediately prior to each repurchase. The Brookfield Investor has agreed to not seek repurchase of the shares of common stock and Class E OP Units that it owns if doing so would bring the value of its equity holdings in the Company and the Operating Partnership below million. In addition, the Brookfield Investor has agreed to hold all of the shares of common stock and Class E OP Units that it received in consideration for the contribution of the Brookfield Portfolio until the earlier of (i) the first date that the Company s NAV reaches billion and (ii) the date that is the third anniversary of November 2, 2021. Following such date, the Brookfield Investor may cause the Company to repurchase its shares and Class E OP Units (above the million minimum), in an amount equal to the sum of (a) the amount available under the Company s share repurchase plan s monthly and quarterly caps (after accounting for third-party investor repurchases) and (b) of the amount by which net proceeds from the Offering and the Company s private offerings of common stock for a given month exceed the amount of repurchases for such month pursuant to the Company s share repurchase plan. The Company will not effect any such repurchase during any month in which the full amount of all shares requested to be repurchased by third-party investors under the share repurchase plan is not repurchased. The Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement does not apply to shares of common stock or OP Units held by affiliates of Brookfield that are feeder vehicles primarily created to offer interests in such feeder vehicles to non-U.S. persons. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company and the Operating Partnership did not repurchase any shares or Class E OP Units from the Brookfield Investor as part of the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement. 
 Brookfield Investor Subscriptions 
 On November 30, 2021, the Operating Partnership and the Brookfield Investor entered into a subscription agreement (the Brookfield Subscription Agreement pursuant to which the Brookfield Investor agreed to purchase up to million of Class E OP Units upon the request of the general partner of the Operating Partnership, of which the Company is the sole member. On December 1, 2021, the Brookfield Investor was issued Class E OP Units in exchange for million. On January 3, 2022, the Brookfield Investor was issued Class E OP Units in exchange for million. On June 29, 2022, the Company, the Operating Partnership and the Brookfield Investor entered into an agreement pursuant to which all such Class E OP Units issued to the Brookfield Investor in connection with the Brookfield Subscription Agreement were converted to Class I shares of the Company s common stock at the then-applicable conversion factor per unit based on the most recently determined NAV of Class E OP Units and Class I shares. 
 On April 3, 2023, the Brookfield Investor was issued Class I shares in the Current Offering in exchange for million. On May 1, 2023, the Brookfield Investor was issued Class I shares in the Current Offering in exchange for million. The Class I shares held by the Brookfield Investor in connection with the Brookfield Subscription Agreement and subsequent subscriptions are not subject to the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement, but the Brookfield Investor may request the Company repurchase its shares, in whole or in part, subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s share repurchase plan. 
 Affiliate Service Provider Expenses 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Single-family rental leasing, maintenance and turnover oversight fees (1) 
 Capitalized construction management fees (2) 
 Capitalized single-family rental renovation oversight fees (2) 
 ) ) Reimbursed personnel costs (3) 
 Total 
 (1) Included in Rental property operating expenses on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Included in Investments in real estate, net on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, million and million, respectively, included in Rental property operating expenses and million and million, respectively, included in General and administrative expenses on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million and million, included in Rental property operating expenses and million and million included in General and administrative expenses on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Captive Insurance Company 
 BPG Bermuda Insurance Limited BAM Insurance Captive ), a Brookfield affiliate, provides property and liability insurance for certain of the Company s properties. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred an insignificant amount for insurance premiums. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, for insurance premiums. 
 On March 31, 2023, Obsidian Mutual IC Obsidian ), a Brookfield affiliate, replaced BAM Insurance Captive in providing property insurance for certain of the Company s properties. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred an insignificant amount for insurance premiums provided by Obsidian. 
 On March 15, 2024, Onyx Mutual Insurance IC Onyx ), a Brookfield affiliate, replaced BAM Insurance Captive in providing liability insurance for certain of the Company s properties. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred an insignificant amount for insurance premiums provided by Onyx. 
 Terrorism Insurance Provider 
 Liberty IC Casualty LLC, a Brookfield affiliate, provides terrorism insurance for certain of the Company s properties. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the insurance premiums incurred by the Company were insignificant. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 . Metergy provides submetering services to certain of the Company s properties. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred fees of an insignificant amount. 
 Due to Affiliates 
 Advanced organization and offering costs Stock repurchase payable to the Adviser for management fees Other (1) 
 Accrued management fee Accrued affiliate service provider expenses OP Units distributions payable Total 
 (1) Represents costs advanced by the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser on behalf of the Company for general corporate expenses provided by unaffiliated third parties. 

11. 
 billion in shares in its primary offering and up to billion in shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan. The Initial Public Offering terminated upon the commencement of the Current Offering. Pursuant to the Current Offering, the Company is offering to sell any combination of four classes of shares of its common stock, Class S shares, Class I shares, Class T shares and Class D shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The share classes have different upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and ongoing stockholder servicing fees. The Company is also offering Class I, Class C and Class E shares in private offerings exempt from registration. Other than the differences in upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees, ongoing stockholder servicing fees, management fees and performance fees, each class of common stock has the same economic and voting rights. 
 
 Class S common stock Class I common stock Class T common stock Class D common stock Class C common stock Class E common stock 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Common stock issued (2) 
 Distribution reinvestment Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, Class T shares had been issued. 
 (2) Includes conversions between share classes. 

Distributions 
 The Company generally intends to distribute substantially all of its taxable income, which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP, to its stockholders each year to comply with the REIT provisions of the Code. 
 Each class of the Company s common stock receives the same gross distribution per share. The net distribution varies for each class based on the applicable stockholder servicing fees, management fees and performance fees, which are deducted from the monthly distribution per share. 
 Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock ) ) Management fee per share of common stock ) ) ) ) Net distributions declared per share of common stock 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class S Class I Class D Class T (1) 
 Class C Class E Aggregate gross distributions declared per share of common stock Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock ) ) Management fee per share of common stock ) ) ) ) Net distributions declared per share of common stock 
 (1) Class T shares of common stock were issued or outstanding, thus no distributions were declared for Class T common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 The Company has adopted a distribution reinvestment plan whereby stockholders will have their cash distributions attributable to the shares they own automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock; provided, however, that clients of certain participating broker-dealers that do not permit automatic enrollment in the distribution reinvestment plan and stockholders that are residents of certain states that do not permit automatic enrollment in the distribution reinvestment plan will automatically receive their distributions in cash unless they elect to participate in the distribution reinvestment plan. The per share purchase price for shares purchased pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan will be equal to the offering price before upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees (the transaction price at the time the distribution is payable, which will generally be equal to the Company s prior month s NAV per share for that share class. Stockholders will not pay upfront selling commissions or dealer manager fees when purchasing shares pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan. The stockholder servicing fees with respect to shares of the Company s Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 million and million of distributions were reinvested for and shares of common stock, respectively. 
 Non-controlling Interests Attributable to Preferred Shareholders 
 Certain subsidiaries of the Company have elected to be treated as REITs for U.S. federal income tax purposes. These subsidiaries have issued preferred non-voting shares to be held by investors to ensure compliance with the Code requirement that REITs have at least 100 shareholders. The preferred shares have a price of and an annual dividend payable ranging between and . As of September 30, 2024, there were of preferred non-voting shares outstanding. 
 Redeemable Non-controlling Interest 
 The Brookfield Investor was issued Class E OP Units in connection with its contribution of the Brookfield Portfolio on November 2, 2021 and subsequent cash contributions to the Operating Partnership pursuant to the Brookfield Subscription Agreement. Because the Brookfield Investor has the ability to redeem its Class E OP Units for shares of common stock or cash, subject to certain restrictions, the Company has classified the Class E OP Units held by the Brookfield Investor as Redeemable non-controlling interest in mezzanine equity on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Redeemable non-controlling interest is recorded at the greater of the carrying amount, adjusted for its share of the allocation of income or loss and dividends, or the redemption value, which is equivalent to fair value, of such units at the end of each measurement period. 
 GAAP net loss allocation ) ) Distributions ) ) Distributions reinvested Fair value allocation ) Ending balance 
 Share Repurchase Plan 
 The Company has adopted a share repurchase plan, whereby, subject to certain limitations, stockholders may request on a monthly basis that the Company repurchase all or any portion of their shares. Should repurchase requests, in the Company s judgment, place an undue burden on its liquidity, adversely affect its operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company as a whole, or should the Company otherwise determine that investing its liquid assets in real properties or other illiquid investments rather than repurchasing its shares is in the best interests of the Company as a whole, then the Company may choose to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, the Company s board of directors may modify and suspend the Company s share repurchase plan if it deems such action to be in the Company s best interest and the best interest of its stockholders. 
 In addition, the total amount of shares that the Company will repurchase is limited, in any calendar month, to shares whose aggregate value (based on the repurchase price per share on the date of the repurchase) is no more than of its aggregate NAV attributable to its stockholders as of the last day of the previous calendar month and, in any calendar quarter, to shares whose aggregate value is no more than of its aggregate NAV attributable to its stockholders as of the last day of the previous calendar quarter. The Company measures the repurchase limitations based on net repurchases during a month or quarter. The term net repurchases means, during the applicable period, the excess capital outflows over capital inflows. The term capital outflows means share repurchases under the Company s share repurchase plan in a given period. The term capital inflows means proceeds from share subscriptions received in a given period that are accepted as of the first calendar day of the next month, plus purchases pursuant to the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. For any given calendar quarter, the maximum amount of repurchases during that quarter will be equal to (1) of the aggregate NAV attributable to the Company s stockholders as of the last calendar day of the previous calendar quarter, plus (2) capital inflows during such calendar quarter. The same would apply for a given month, except that repurchases in a month would be subject to the limit described above (subject to potential carry-over capacity), and netting would be measured on a monthly basis. 
 With respect to future periods, the Company s board of directors may choose whether the limitations will be applied to gross repurchases rather than to net repurchases. If repurchases for a given month or quarter are measured on a gross basis rather 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 of the transaction price. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company repurchased and shares of common stock representing a total of million and million, respectively, under its share repurchase plan. The Company satisfied all repurchase requests during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

12. 
 million. 

13. 
 Variable lease payments Total rental revenues 
 
 The following table details the undiscounted future minimum rents the Company expects to receive for its logistics, net lease, and office properties as of September 30, 2024. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 

14. 
 reportable segments: rental housing, office, logistics, net lease and real estate-related loans and securities. The Company continually evaluates the financial information used by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. 
 The Company allocates resources and evaluates results based on the performance of each segment individually. The Company believes that segment net operating income is the key performance metric that captures the unique operating characteristics of each segment. 
 Office Logistics Net Lease Real estate-related loans and securities Other (Corporate) Total assets 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Other revenues Total revenues Expenses: Rental property operating Total expenses Income from real estate-related loans and securities Segment net operating income Gain from unconsolidated entities Other expense, net ) Impairment of investments in real estate ) Gain on extinguishment of debt Depreciation and amortization ) General and administrative expenses ) Management fee ) Interest expense ) Net loss ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures Net income attributable to non-controlling interests - preferred stockholders ) Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to stockholders ) 
 The following table sets forth the financial results by segment for the three months ended September 30, 2023 in thousands): 
 Rental Housing Office Logistics Net Lease Real estate-related loans and securities Total Revenues: Rental revenues Other revenues Total revenues Expenses: Rental property operating Total expenses Income from real estate-related loans and securities Segment net operating income Gain from unconsolidated entities Other income, net Depreciation and amortization ) General and administrative expenses ) Management fee ) Interest expense ) Net loss ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to stockholders ) 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Other revenues Total revenues Expenses: Rental property operating Total expenses Income from real estate-related loans and securities Segment net operating income Gain from unconsolidated entities Other income, net Impairment of investments in real estate ) Gain on extinguishment of debt Depreciation and amortization ) General and administrative expenses ) Management fee ) Interest expense ) Net loss ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures Net income attributable to non-controlling interests - preferred stockholders ) Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to stockholders ) The following table sets forth the financial results by segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 in thousands): 
 Rental Housing Office Logistics Net Lease Real estate-related loans and securities Total Revenues: Rental revenues Other revenues Total revenues Expenses: Rental property operating Total expenses Income from real estate-related loans and securities Segment net operating income Loss from unconsolidated entities ) Other income, net Depreciation and amortization ) General and administrative expenses ) Management fee ) Interest expense ) Net loss ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures Net income attributable to non-controlling interests - preferred stockholders ) Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to stockholders ) 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 Class I shares and Class E shares held by BUSI II-C in exchange for an in-kind distribution to BUSI II-C of Class I OP Units and Class E OP Units. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 References herein to the Company, we, us, or our refer to Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Terms used and not defined herein have the meanings set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not historical facts, particularly those in the section entitled Recent Developments Business Outlook and Liquidity and Capital Resources , are based on our current expectations, estimates, projections, opinions, and/or beliefs. Such statements are not facts and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors. Investors should not rely on these statements as if they were fact. Certain information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q constitutes forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, expect, anticipate, project, target, estimate, intend, continue, forecast, or believe or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or other comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, including those described under Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and under Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, actual events or results or our actual performance may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. No representation or warranty is made as to future performance or such forward-looking statements. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, the inclusion of this information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans, which we consider to be reasonable, will be achieved. We do not undertake to revise or update any forward-looking statements. 
 Overview 
 We are a Maryland corporation formed on July 27, 2017 to invest in commercial real estate assets. We seek to invest in well- located, high quality real estate properties that generate strong current cash flow and could further appreciate in value through our proactive, best-in-class asset management strategies. Our real estate-related debt strategy seeks to achieve high current income and superior risk-adjusted returns, as well as provide a source of liquidity. 
 We are externally managed by Brookfield REIT Adviser LLC (the Adviser ), an affiliate of Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (together with its affiliates, Brookfield ). We are structured as an umbrella partnership real estate investment trust UPREIT ), which means that we own substantially all of our assets through our operating partnership, Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership, of which we are the sole general partner. 
 On April 30, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), declared effective our registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-223022) for our initial public offering of up to 2.0 billion in shares of our common stock (the Initial Public Offering ). On November 2, 2021, the SEC declared effective our registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-255557) for our follow-on public offering of up to 7.5 billion in shares of our common stock in any combination of purchases of Class S, Class T, Class D and Class I shares of our common stock (the Current Offering ). The share classes have different upfront selling commissions and ongoing stockholder servicing fees. The Initial Public Offering terminated upon the commencement of the Current Offering. 
 In addition to the Current Offering, we are conducting private offerings of Class I and Class C shares to feeder vehicles that offer interests in such vehicles to non-U.S. persons. The offer and sale of Class I and Class C shares to the feeder vehicles is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation S promulgated thereunder. We are also offering Class E shares to Brookfield, Oaktree and certain of their affiliates, employees and our independent directors in one or more private offerings. The offer and sale of Class E shares is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 
 We qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ending December 31, 2019, and we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent we annually distribute all of our net taxable income to stockholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we owned and operated 19 investments in real estate and held investments in two unconsolidated real estate interests, three real estate-related loans, 40 short-term real estate-related debt securities and two interest rate derivatives related to its investments in real estate-related securities. We are not aware of any material trends or uncertainties, 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 favorable or unfavorable, other than national economic conditions affecting real estate generally, that may be reasonably anticipated to have a material impact on either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived from owning properties or real estate-related loans. 
 DST Program 
 On October 1, 2024, we initiated, through the Operating Partnership, a program (the DST Program to issue and sell up to a maximum aggregate offering amount of 1.0 billion of beneficial interests DST Interests in specific Delaware statutory trusts DSTs holding one or more real properties (each, a DST Property and, collectively, the DST Properties ). These DST Interests will be issued and sold to accredited investors, as that term is defined under Regulation D promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), in one or more offerings (the DST Offerings ). Under the DST Program, each DST Property will be sourced from our real properties or from third parties, which will be held in a DST and subsequently leased by one of our wholly owned subsidiaries in accordance with a certain master lease agreement. Each master lease agreement will be guaranteed by the Operating Partnership, which will hold a fair market value option (the FMV Option ), giving it the right, but not the obligation, to acquire the DST Interests in the applicable DST from the investors in exchange for Operating Partnership units or cash, at the Operating Partnership s discretion. Such FMV Option shall be exercisable during a one-year option period, beginning two years following the sale of the last DST Interest in any such DST Offering. The Operating Partnership, in its sole and absolute discretion, may assign its rights in the FMV Option to a subsidiary, an affiliate, a successor entity to the Operating Partnership or the acquirer of a majority of the Operating Partnership s assets. After a one-year holding period, investors who acquire Operating Partnership units pursuant to the FMV Option generally have the right to cause the Operating Partnership to redeem all or a portion of their Operating Partnership units for, at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock, cash, or a combination of both. 
 We expect that the DST Program will give us the opportunity to expand and diversify our capital-raising strategies by offering what we believe to be an attractive investment product for investors that may be seeking like-kind replacement properties to complete tax-deferred exchange transactions under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
 Code ). Affiliates of the Adviser have provided and may continue to provide mortgage financing with respect to certain DST Properties and are expected to receive fees in connection with the sale of the DST Interests and the management of the DSTs. We intend to use the net offering proceeds from the DST Program to make investments in accordance with our investment strategy and policies, reduce our borrowings, repay indebtedness, fund the repurchase of shares of all classes of our common stock under our share repurchase plan and for other corporate purposes. We have not allocated specific amounts of the net proceeds from the DST Program for any specific purpose. 
 Recent Developments 
 Business Outlook 
 Portfolio performance for the quarter was positive as real estate fundamentals have continued to be resilient and property valuations have stabilized after a prolonged period of volatility. Inflation in the United States has declined significantly since its peak in 2022, while broader economic conditions remain favorable. In September, the U.S. Federal Reserve issued its first rate cut in four years, with additional rate cuts widely expected in the coming months. The change in rate policy and decline in interest rates should create favorable conditions for private real estate, including positive impacts to property values and cash flows. 
 Debt capital markets have also benefited from the recent relief from elevated interest rates, with new issuance volume increasing significantly from the same period last year. The increased availability of debt and tightening of credit spreads should drive an increase of real estate transaction volume heading into 2025. We believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on these opportunities going forward, with no unsatisfied repurchase requests and approximately 350 million of total liquidity as of September 30, 2024. 
 Please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional disclosure relating to material trends or uncertainties that may impact our business. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Q3 2024 Highlights 
 
 Operating and Capital Raising Results: 
 Year-to-date total returns through September 30, 2024, excluding upfront selling commissions, were -2.06 for Class S shares, -1.30 for Class I shares and -1.25 for Class D shares. Negative year-to-date performance is primarily attributable to increases during the first half of the year to discount and exit cap rates assumptions used in our property valuations. Total return is calculated as the percent change in the NAV per share from the beginning of the applicable period, plus the amount of any net distributions per share declared in the period. Management believes total return is a useful measure of the overall performance of our shares. As of September 30, 2024, no Class T shares of common stock had been issued. 
 Annualized total returns from inception through September 30, 2024, excluding upfront selling commissions, were 6.47 for Class S, 7.54 for Class I, and -3.11 for Class D shares. Since inception returns for Class D shares are calculated from June 1, 2022, the date the first Class D shares were issued. 
 Raised 29.8 million of gross proceeds from the sale of our common stock through public and private offerings during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Declared monthly net distributions totaling 14.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the annualized net distribution rate was 5.75 for Class S shares, 6.51 for Class I shares and 6.20 for Class D shares. 
 Reinvested distributions of 8.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Investing and Financing Activity: 
 As of September 30, 2024, our leverage ratio was 52.3 . Our leverage ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the consolidated property-level and entity-level debt, excluding any third-party interests in such debt, net of cash, loan-related restricted cash, and trading securities by (ii) the gross asset value of real estate equity investments (calculated using the greater of fair value and cost of gross real estate assets), excluding any third-party interests in such investments, plus our equity in real estate-related debt investments. There is no indebtedness on our real estate-related debt investments. The leverage ratio would be higher if our pro rata share of debt within our unconsolidated investment was included in the calculation. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we sold Two Liberty Center for a gross sales price of 27.6 million 0 of net sale proceeds after repayment of debt) and recognized a gain on debt extinguishment of 32.3 million. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we refinanced The Parker at Huntington Metro with a 67.0 million mortgage loan from an affiliate of Brookfield in connection with the launch of our DST Program. We also repaid 93.5 million on a secured term loan to release The Parker at Huntington Metro. 
 
 Current Portfolio: 
 As of September 30, 2024, our investment portfolio, based on the NAV of our investments, consisted of 90 real estate properties and 10 real estate-related loans and securities. NAV is measured as the fair value of our investments less any mortgages or debt obligations related to such investments. There is no indebtedness on our real estate-related debt investments. 
 Our real estate properties as of September 30, 2024, based on fair value, consisted of rental housing (69 ), net lease (21 ), logistics (9 and office (1 ). 
 As of September 30, 2024, our real estate-related loans and securities consisted of 45 investments with an aggregate fair value of 89.0 million. 

38 

Table of Contents 

 Portfolio 
 
 Investments in Real Estate 
 The following table provides information regarding our portfolio of real estate properties as of September 30, 2024: 
 Investment (1) 
 Location Property Type Acquisition Date Ownership Percentage (2) 
 Purchase Price (3) 
 Square Feet/ Number of Units Occupancy Rate (4) 
 Anzio Apartments Atlanta, GA Rental Housing April 2019 90 59.2 448 94 Arbors of Las Colinas Dallas, TX Rental Housing December 2020 90 63.5 408 84 1110 Key Federal Hill Baltimore, MD Rental Housing September 2021 100 73.6 224 91 Domain Orlando, FL Rental Housing November 2021 100 74.1 324 90 The Burnham Nashville, TN Rental Housing November 2021 100 129.0 328 93 Flats on Front Wilmington, NC Rental Housing December 2021 100 97.5 273 95 Verso Beaverton, OR Rental Housing December 2021 100 74.0 172 92 2626 South Side Flats Pittsburgh, PA Rental Housing January 2022 100 90.0 264 94 The Parker at Huntington Metro Alexandria, VA Rental Housing March 2022 100 136.0 360 93 Briggs + Union Mount Laurel, NJ Rental Housing April 2022 100 158.0 490 93 Single-Family Rentals Various Rental Housing Various 100 178.5 667 91 Reflection Atlanta, GA Rental Housing June 2024 97 116.0 741 79 Principal Place (5) 
 London, UK Net Lease November 2021 20 99.8 644,000 100 DreamWorks Animation Studios Glendale, CA Net Lease December 2021 100 326.5 497,000 100 Lakes at West Covina Los Angeles, CA Office February 2020 95 41.0 177,000 91 6123-6227 Monroe Ct Morton Grove, IL Logistics November 2021 100 17.2 208,000 100 8400 Westphalia Road Upper Marlboro, MD Logistics November 2021 100 27.0 100,000 100 McLane Distribution Center Lakeland, FL Logistics November 2021 100 26.7 211,000 100 2003 Beaver Road Landover, MD Logistics February 2022 100 9.4 38,000 100 187 Bartram Parkway Franklin, IN Logistics February 2022 100 28.8 300,000 100 Total 1,825.8 
 (1) Investments in real estate properties includes our consolidated property investments and our unconsolidated investment in Principal Place. (2) The joint venture agreements entered into by us (other than the Principal Place joint venture) provide the other partner a profits interest based on achieving certain internal rate of return hurdles. Such investments are consolidated by us and any profits interest due to the other partners is reported within non-controlling interests. (3) Purchase price is presented in millions and excludes acquisition costs. (4) For rental housing investments, except single-family rentals, occupancy represents the percentage of all leased units divided by the total available units as of September 30, 2024. Single-family rentals occupancy represents all occupied homes divided by the total stabilized homes as of the date indicated. For office, net lease and logistics investments, occupancy represents the percentage of all leased square footage divided by the total available square footage as of September 30, 2024. 
 (5) Purchase price represents our initial equity investment in the joint venture of 73.3 million GBP converted to USD using the spot rate on the acquisition date. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 Investments in Real Estate-Related Loans and Securities 
 The following table details our investments in real estate-related loans as of September 30, 2024 in thousands) : 
 Investment Collateral Interest Rate (1) 
 Maturity Date Payment Terms Face Amount Allowance Adjustment Carrying Amount IMC/AMC Bond Investment International Markets Center AmericasMart Atlanta SOFR+8.15 
 June 2026 Principal due at maturity 10,000 10,000 The Avery Senior Loan (2) 
 The Avery Condominium San Francisco, California 10.00 December 2024 Principal due at maturity (3) 
 7,407 (1,560) 5,847 The Avery Mezzanine Loan (2) 
 The Avery Condominium San Francisco, California 10.00 December 2024 Principal due at maturity (3) 
 1,794 (350) 1,444 Total 19,201 (1,910) 17,291 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, SOFR was 4.84 . 
 (2) Our investment is held through our membership interest in an entity that aggregates our interest with interests held by other funds managed by the Sub-Adviser. We have been allocated our proportionate share of the loan based on our membership interest in the aggregating entity. In December 2023, the loan agreements were amended to change the interest rate to 10.00 and extend the maturity date to December 2024. (3) The maturity date may be extended for additional one-year periods, but no later than February 16, 2028, subject to the borrower meeting minimum annual repayment requirements. Generally, loan repayments are made simultaneous with the closing of the sale of any condominium unit. 
 
 The following table details our investments in real estate-related securities as of September 30, 2024 in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 Type of Security Number of Positions Weighted Average Coupon (1) 
 Weighted Average Maturity Date (2) 
 Face Amount Cost Basis Fair Value CMBS - floating 4 SOFR+3.84 August 2026 27,669 25,527 24,857 CMBS - fixed 9 4.56 May 2026 23,413 20,650 9,528 RMBS - fixed 27 5.39 August 2026 37,182 36,228 36,822 Interest rate swaps 2 4.40 September 2026 412 Total 42 6.62 (3) 
 July 2026 88,264 82,405 71,619 (1) As of September 30, 2024, SOFR was 4.84 . 
 (2) Weighted average maturity date is based on the fully extended maturity date of the investments. (3) Total weighted average coupon is calculated on CMBS and RMBS and excludes interest rate swaps. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Lease Expirations 
 The following table details the expiring leases at our consolidated office, logistics, and net lease properties by annualized base rent and square footage as of September 30, 2024 and square feet data in thousands) . The table below excludes our rental housing properties as substantially all leases at such properties expire within 12 months. 
 Year Number of Expiring Leases Annualized Base Rent (1) 
 of Total 
 Annualized Base 
 Rent Expiring 
 Square Feet of Total Square Feet Expiring 2024 (remaining) 2 125 4 2025 12 1,654 6 75 5 2026 6 1,542 6 67 4 2027 6 744 3 46 3 2028 9 1,541 6 75 5 2029 9 1,656 6 172 11 2030 6 1,166 4 72 5 2031 2 260 1 8 1 2032 1 1,366 5 211 14 2033 2 106 3 Thereafter 3 16,759 63 767 52 Total 58 26,919 100 1,500 100 
 (1) Annualized base rent is determined from the annualized base rent per leased square foot of the applicable year and excludes tenant recoveries, straight-line rent, and above-market and below-market lease amortization. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Rental revenues 33,715 32,076 1,639 96,765 96,051 714 Other revenues 5,676 3,248 2,428 11,366 9,453 1,913 Total revenues 39,391 35,324 4,067 108,131 105,504 2,627 Expenses Rental property operating 13,571 13,329 242 39,206 39,937 (731) General and administrative 2,295 1,855 440 6,078 6,400 (322) Management fee 2,715 3,397 (682) 8,544 10,655 (2,111) Impairment of investments in real estate 33,922 33,922 33,922 33,922 Depreciation and amortization 16,209 12,999 3,210 43,307 38,568 4,739 Total expenses 68,712 31,580 37,132 131,057 95,560 35,497 Other income (expense) Income from real estate-related loans and securities 4,453 2,512 1,941 14,822 13,356 1,466 Interest expense (18,957) (15,061) (3,896) (52,284) (43,491) (8,793) Gain on extinguishment of debt 32,251 32,251 32,251 32,251 Gain (loss) from unconsolidated entities 1,554 1,089 465 5,278 (1,316) 6,594 Other income (expense), net (476) 3,605 (4,081) 1,707 8,854 (7,147) Total other income (expense) 18,825 (7,855) 26,680 1,774 (22,597) 24,371 Net loss (10,496) (4,111) (6,385) (21,152) (12,653) (8,499) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures 289 192 97 722 235 487 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests - preferred stockholders (3) (3) (69) (45) (24) Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 10 4 6 20 10 10 Net loss attributable to stockholders (10,200) (3,915) (6,285) (20,479) (12,453) (8,026) Per common share data: Net loss per share of common stock - basic and diluted (0.12) (0.04) (0.08) (0.24) (0.13) (0.11) Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic and diluted 83,441 92,447 (9,006) 85,676 93,557 (7,881) 
 Revenues 
 Revenues primarily consist of base rent arising from tenant leases at our rental housing, net lease, office and logistics properties. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenues increased 4.1 million to 39.4 million and increased 2.6 million to 108.1 million compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily due to property acquisitions at our rental housing properties, which was partially offset by decreased rental revenues at our office properties. 
 The components of revenue during these periods are as follows in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Rental revenue 31,354 29,698 1,656 89,780 87,125 2,655 Tenant reimbursements 2,361 2,378 (17) 6,985 8,926 (1,941) Ancillary income and fees 5,676 3,248 2,428 11,366 9,453 1,913 Total revenue 39,391 35,324 4,067 108,131 105,504 2,627 
 
 Rental Property Operating Expenses 
 Rental property operating expenses consist of the costs of ownership and operation of our real estate properties, including real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance expenses, utilities, property management fees, and insurance expenses. D uring the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, rental property operating expenses increased 0.2 million to 13.6 million and decreased 0.7 million to 39.2 million compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase in operating expenses for the three month period is attributable to acquisition activity in 2024. The decrease for the 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 nine months ended was primarily driven by a decrease in real estate taxes, offset by increase operating expenses attributable to acquisition activity. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses are corporate-level expenses that relate mainly to our compliance and administration costs, including legal fees, audit fees, professional tax fees, valuation fees, board of director fees and other professional fees. D uring the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses increased 0.4 million to 2.3 million and decreased 0.3 million to 6.1 million compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease in general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended was primarily driven by a decrease in professional fees. 
 Management Fee 
 Management fees are earned by our Adviser for providing services pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, management fees decreased 0.7 million to 2.7 million and decreased 2.1 million to 8.5 million compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Management fees are calculated based on our aggregate NAV of Class S, Class I, Class T, Class D, and Class C shares (no management fees are paid on Class E shares) and are paid monthly. The decrease in management fees for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year was due to a lower average NAV during the current periods. 
 Impairment of Investments in Real Estate 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an impairment charge of 33.9 million related to an office property. The impairment was related to the property being classified as held for sale upon entering into a contract to sell the property. We did not recognize any impairment during the corresponding periods in 2023. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation and amortization increased 3.2 million to 16.2 million and increased 4.7 million to 43.3 million compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily attributable to net growth in our portfolio as a result of acquisition activity, partially offset by the full amortization of certain intangible assets and the disposition of an office property. 
 Income from Real Estate-Related Loans and Securities 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, income from real estate-related loans and securities increased 1.9 million to 4.5 million and increased 1.5 million to 14.8 million compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase is attributable to changes in expected credit loss on real estate-related loans and the fair value of real estate-related securities, offset by a decrease in interest income from the sales of real estate-related securities. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense is primarily related to interest incurred on our mortgage loans, Secured Credit Facility and Affiliate Line of Credit. Interest expense increased 3.9 million to 19.0 million and increased 8.8 million to 52.3 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase is attributable to the interest incurred on mortgage loans for properties acquired in the past nine months and the termination of interest rate derivatives. As of September 30, 2024, our weighted average cost of leverage, including the impact of our interest rate derivatives, was 5.58 , compared to 5.07 as of September 30, 2023. 
 Gain on Extinguishment of Debt 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of 32.3 million related to the sale of an office property. We did not recognize any gain on extinguishment of debt during the corresponding periods in 2023. 
 Gain (Loss) from Unconsolidated Entities 
 Gain (loss) from unconsolidated entities consists of changes in the fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities that are held at fair value, as well as realized and unrealized gains and losses on our foreign currency swap contracts related to our unconsolidated non-U.S. investment in Principal Place. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 there were gains of 1.6 million and 5.3 million, respectively, from unconsolidated entities. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 there were gains of 1.1 million and losses of 1.3 million, respectively, from unconsolidated entities. The gains and losses were primarily due to changes in the fair value of our unconsolidated interest in Principal Place. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income, net consists of realized and unrealized gains and losses on our interest rate derivatives and income from our trading securities. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, other income decreased 4.1 million to 0.5 million and decreased 7.1 million to 1.7 million compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to net losses on our derivative contracts. 
 Net Loss Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests 
 Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests was less than 0.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The income or loss allocable to redeemable non-controlling interests is related to interests held in the Operating Partnership by parties other than us. 
 Reimbursement by the Adviser 
 Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser will reimburse us for any expenses that cause our Total Operating Expenses (as defined in our charter) in any four consecutive fiscal quarters to exceed the greater of: (i) 2 of our Average Invested Assets or (ii) 25 of our Net Income (each as defined in our charter) (the 2 /25 Limitation ). For the four consecutive quarters ended September 30, 2024, our Total Operating Expenses did not exceed the 2 /25 Limitation. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary needs for liquidity are to fund investments, to make distributions to our stockholders, to repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase plan, to pay our offering and operating expenses, to fund capital expenditures at our properties and to pay debt service on our outstanding indebtedness. Our operating expenses include, among other things, fees and expenses related to managing our properties and other investments, the management and performance fees we pay to the Adviser (to the extent the Adviser elects to receive such fees in cash) and general corporate expenses. 
 We believe that our current liquidity position is sufficient to meet the operating needs of our business, with 282.8 million of liquidity as of September 30, 2024, consisting of 28.8 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, 155.5 million of undrawn available capacity on our Secured Credit Facility and 98.5 million of undrawn available capacity on our Affiliate Line of Credit. We may also generate additional liquidity through the sale of our real estate-related securities, which totaled 71.6 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Our portfolio remains conservatively leveraged at 52.3 as of September 30, 2024, and we can generate additional liquidity by incurring indebtedness secured by our investments. Our leverage ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the consolidated property-level and entity-level debt, excluding any third-party interests in such debt, net of cash, loan-related restricted cash, and trading securities by (ii) the gross asset value of real estate equity investments (calculated using the greater of fair value and cost of gross real estate assets), excluding any third-party interests in such investments, plus our equity in real estate-related debt investments. Additionally, there is no indebtedness on our real estate-related debt investments. 
 Our cash needs for acquisitions and other investments will be funded primarily from the sale of shares of our common stock and through the assumption or incurrence of debt. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we received 29.8 million of proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock. In addition, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 54.4 million and 159.3 million, respectively, in shares of our common stock under our share repurchase plan. Since inception, we have satisfied 100 of repurchase requests. 
 The following table is a summary of our indebtedness as of September 30, 2024 in thousands): 
 Principal Balance Outstanding Indebtedness Weighted Average Interest Rate (1) 
 Weighted Average Maturity Date (2) 
 Maximum Facility Size September 30, 2024 Fixed rate loans: Fixed rate mortgages 3.84 December 2029 N/A 395,720 Total fixed rate loans 395,720 Variable rate loans: Floating rate mortgages SOFR+1.73 September 2027 N/A 524,705 Secured credit facility (3) 
 SOFR+2.00 January 2025 300,000 144,485 Affiliate line of credit (4) 
 SOFR+2.25 November 2025 125,000 26,500 Total variable rate loans 695,690 Total indebtedness 1,091,410 Deferred financing costs, net (4,295) Total indebtedness, net 1,087,115 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, SOFR was 4.84 and 5.38 , respectively. (2) Includes the fully extended maturity date for loans with extension options that are at our discretion and we currently expect to be able to exercise. (3) As of September 30, 2024, borrowings on the Secured Credit Facility were secured by the following properties: 6123-6227 Monroe Court, 2003 Beaver Road, 187 Bartram Parkway, Cannondale Court, Timber Leaf and certain single-family rentals. 
 (4) Borrowings under the Affiliate Line of Credit bear interest at a rate of the lowest then-current interest rate for any similar credit product offered by a third-party lender to us or our subsidiaries or, if not available, SOFR plus a 0.10 credit adjustment and a 2.25 margin. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table provides a breakdown of the net change in our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash in thousands): Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows provided by operating activities 34,744 23,165 Cash flows provided by investing activities 51,117 35,395 Cash used in financing activities (87,465) (82,576) Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (1,604) (24,016) 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities increased 11.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the corresponding period in 2023. The increase is primarily due to 9.6 million of proceeds received in the current period from the settlement of interest rate swap contracts. 
 Cash flows provided by investing activities increased 15.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the corresponding period in 2023. The increase is primarily due to a 46.3 million increase in cash from the sale of trading securities (net of purchases of trading securities) and a 110.4 million increase in cash from the sale of real estate-related securities (net of purchases of real estate-related securities), partially offset by a 139.5 million increase in cash used in the acquisition of real estate (net of dispositions of real estate). 
 Cash flows used in financing activities increased 4.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the corresponding period in 2023. The increase is primarily due to a 47.4 million decrease in proceeds from the issuance of common stock and a 17.7 million increase in repurchases of common stock, partially offset by 57.7 million of net proceeds received in the current period from borrowings on mortgage loans, the Secured Credit Facility, and the Affiliate Line of Credit. 
 
 Net Asset Value 
 Our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, has adopted valuation guidelines that contain a comprehensive set of methodologies to be used by the Adviser and our independent valuation advisor in connection with estimating the values of our assets and liabilities for purposes of our NAV calculation. The calculation of our NAV is intended to be a calculation of the fair value of our assets less our outstanding liabilities and will likely differ from the book value of our equity reflected in our financial statements. The purchase and repurchase price per share for each class of our common stock is the then-current transaction price, which generally equals our prior month s NAV per share, as determined monthly, plus, for purchases only, applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees. 
 For more information on the calculation of our NAV and the valuation method used, please refer to Item 5 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Our total NAV presented in the following tables includes the NAV of our Class S, Class I, Class T, Class D, Class C and Class E shares of common stock, as well as partnership interests in the Operating Partnership held by parties other than us. The 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 following table provides a breakdown of the major components of our NAV as of September 30, 2024 and shares/units in thousands): 
 Components of NAV September 30, 2024 Investments in real estate 1,804,920 Investments in real estate-related loans and securities 88,976 Investments in unconsolidated entities 86,145 Cash and cash equivalents 28,811 Restricted cash 10,286 Other assets 14,231 Debt obligations (1,072,559) Accrued stockholder servicing fees (1) 
 (225) Management fee payable (899) Dividend payable (4,762) Subscriptions received in advance (2,713) Other liabilities (43,058) Non-controlling interests in joint ventures (12,406) Net asset value 896,747 Number of shares/units outstanding 81,415 
 (1) Stockholder servicing fees only apply to Class S, Class T and Class D shares. For purposes of NAV, we recognize the stockholder servicing fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis as such fee is paid. Under GAAP, we accrue the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time we sell Class S, Class T and Class D shares of our common stock. As of September 30, 2024, we have accrued under GAAP approximately 18.6 million of stockholder servicing fees. 
 
 The following table provides a breakdown of our total NAV and NAV per share/unit by class as of September 30, 2024 and shares/units in thousands, except per share/unit data): 
 NAV Per Share/Unit Class S Shares Class I Shares Class D Shares Class T Shares Class C Shares (1) 
 Class E Shares (1) 
 Third-party 
 OP Units (2) 
 Total Net asset value 309,775 454,512 1,645 91,532 38,354 929 896,747 Number of shares/units outstanding 28,225 41,018 147 8,476 3,465 84 81,415 NAV Per Share/Unit as of September 30, 2024 
 10.9753 11.0809 11.1828 10.7991 11.0677 11.0677 
 (1) Class C and Class E shares of our common stock are offered to investors pursuant to private offerings. (2) Includes the OP Units held by parties other than us. 
 As of September 30, 2024, no Class T shares had been issued. 
 Set forth below are the weighted averages of the key assumptions in the discounted cash flow methodology used in the September 30, 2024 valuations, based on property types. 
 Property Type Discount Rate Exit Capitalization Rate Rental Housing 7.2 5.8 Net Lease 6.8 5.9 Office 8.3 7.5 Logistics 7.1 6.0 
 
 These assumptions are determined by our independent valuation advisor and our independent third-party appraisal firms (other than international properties, which are determined by the Adviser and reviewed by our independent valuation advisor). A change in these assumptions would impact the calculation of the value of our property investments. For example, assuming all other factors remain unchanged, the changes listed below would result in the following effects on our investment values: 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Input Hypothetical Change Rental Housing Investment Values Net Lease Investment Values Office Investment Values Logistics Investment Values Discount Rate .25 Decrease 1.7 2.2 1.9 2.0 (weighted average) .25 Increase (1.7) (2.1) (1.9) (2.0) Exit Capitalization Rate .25 Decrease 2.8 2.8 2.2 2.8 (weighted average) .25 Increase (2.6) (2.6) (2.2) (2.4) 
 
 The preceding tables do not include recently acquired properties, which are held at cost in accordance with our valuation guidelines. 
 
 The following table reconciles Stockholders Equity per our Consolidated Balance Sheets to our NAV in thousands): 
 Reconciliation of Stockholders Equity to NAV 
 September 30, 2024 Stockholders equity under U.S. GAAP 672,811 Redeemable non-controlling interest 930 Total partners capital of Operating Partnership under GAAP 673,741 Adjustments: Accrued stockholder servicing fee 18,368 Deferred rent (6,214) Advanced organizational and offering costs 7,891 Unrealized net real estate appreciation 15,568 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 187,393 NAV 896,747 
 
 The following details the adjustments to reconcile stockholders equity under GAAP to our NAV: 
 Accrued stockholder servicing fee represents the accrual for the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee for Class S and Class D shares. Under GAAP, we accrued the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee payable over the life of each share (assuming such share remains outstanding the length of time required to pay the maximum stockholder servicing fee) as an offering cost at the time we sold such share. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements for further details of the GAAP treatment regarding the stockholder servicing fee. For purposes of calculating NAV, we recognize the stockholder servicing fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis when such fee is paid. 
 Deferred rent represents straight line rental revenue recorded under GAAP. For purposes of calculating NAV, deferred rental revenues are excluded. 
 The Adviser and its affiliates advanced organization and offering expenses on our behalf (other than upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) through July 5, 2023, subject to the following reimbursement terms: (1) all such advanced expenses paid through July 5, 2022 are reimbursed ratably over the 60 months following July 6, 2022; and (2) all such advanced expenses paid from July 6, 2022 through July 5, 2023 are reimbursed ratably over the 60 months following July 6, 2023. Under GAAP, organization costs are expensed as incurred and offering costs are charged to equity as such amounts are incurred. For purposes of calculating NAV, such costs are recognized as a reduction to NAV as they are reimbursed to the Adviser. 
 Our investments in real estate are presented at their depreciated historical cost basis in our GAAP consolidated financial statements. Our investments in real estate-related loans are presented at their amortized cost basis in our GAAP consolidated financial statements. Additionally, our mortgage loans, term loans, and credit facilities Debt are presented at their carrying value in our GAAP consolidated financial statements. As such, any changes in the fair market value of our investments in real estate, investments in real estate-related loans or Debt are not included in our GAAP results. For purposes of calculating NAV, our investments in real estate, investments in real estate-related loans, and our Debt are recorded at fair value and any changes in fair value are recognized as unrealized net real estate appreciation. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 We depreciate our investments in real estate and amortize certain other assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP. For the purposes of calculating NAV, such depreciation and amortization is excluded. 
 
 Funds from Operations, Adjusted Funds from Operations and Funds Available for Distribution 
 We believe funds from operations FFO is a meaningful non-GAAP supplemental measure of our operating results. Our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented under historical cost accounting which, among other things, requires depreciation of real estate investments to be calculated on a straight-line basis. As a result, our operating results imply that the value of our real estate investments will decrease evenly over a set time period. However, we believe that the value of real estate investments will fluctuate over time based on market conditions and as such, depreciation under historical cost accounting may be less informative. FFO is a standard REIT industry metric defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ). FFO, as defined by NAREIT and presented below, is calculated as net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding (i) gains or losses from sales of depreciable real property, (ii) impairment write-downs on depreciable real property, plus (iii) real estate-related depreciation and amortization, and (iv) after adjustments for our share of consolidated and unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 We also believe that adjusted FFO AFFO is a meaningful non-GAAP supplemental measure of our operating results. AFFO further adjusts FFO in order for our operating results to reflect the specific characteristics of our business by adjusting for items we believe are not related to our operations. Our adjustments to FFO to arrive at AFFO include removing the impact of (i) straight-line rental income, (ii) amortization of above- and below-market lease intangibles, (iii) amortization of mortgage premium/discount, (iv) organization costs, (v) amortization of restricted stock awards, (vi) unrealized gains and losses from changes in fair value of real estate-related loans and securities, (vii) non-cash performance fee or other non-cash incentive compensation, and (viii) similar adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 We also believe funds available for distribution FAD is an additional meaningful non-GAAP supplemental measure that provides useful information for considering our operating results and certain other items relative to the amount of our distributions. FAD is calculated as AFFO adjusted for (i) management fees paid in shares or operating partnership units, even if subsequently repurchased by us, (ii) realized gains and losses on investments in real estate-related loans and securities, (iii) realized gains and losses on financial instruments, (iv) stockholder servicing fees paid during the period, and (v) similar adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures. FAD is not indicative of cash available to fund our cash needs and does not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, as it excludes adjustments for working capital items and actual cash receipts from interest income recognized on real estate related securities. Cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP would generally be adjusted for such items. Furthermore, FAD is adjusted for stockholder servicing fees which are not considered when determining cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of FFO, AFFO and FAD to net loss attributable to our stockholders and redeemable non-controlling interests. We believe it is meaningful to include redeemable non-controlling interests since it is a component of our NAV in thousands): 
 For the three months ended For the nine months ended 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net loss attributable to REIT shareholders including Redeemable non-controlling interest (10,210) (3,919) (20,499) (12,463) Adjustments to arrive at FFO: Depreciation and amortization 16,209 12,999 43,307 38,568 Impairment of investments in real estate 33,922 33,922 Gain on extinguishment of debt (32,251) (32,251) Amount attributed to non-controlling interests of third party joint ventures for above adjustments (210) (208) (645) (605) FFO attributable to stockholders and redeemable non-controlling interests 7,460 8,872 23,834 25,500 Adjustments to arrive at AFFO: Straight-line rental income (536) (484) (2,163) (1,298) Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles, net (206) (230) (583) (768) Amortization of deferred financing costs 1,052 811 2,642 2,401 Amortization of upfront derivative acquisition costs 427 517 1,431 1,427 Amortization of origination fees and discount (22) (70) Amortization of restricted stock awards 81 65 242 242 Unrealized gain on investments, net (1) 
 (708) (4,497) (27) (6,064) Provision for current expected credit losses 96 465 (134) 1,765 Amount attributed to non-controlling interests of third party joint ventures for above adjustments (61) (71) (129) 133 AFFO attributable to stockholders and redeemable non-controlling interests 7,605 5,426 25,113 23,268 Adjustments to arrive at FAD: Non-cash management fee 2,715 3,397 8,544 10,655 Realized gain on sale of real estate-related loans and securities (3,130) (742) (7,384) (1,246) Realized (gain) loss on financial instruments (2) 
 776 4,175 (2,839) 4,070 Stockholder servicing fees (693) (965) (2,272) (3,002) FAD attributable to stockholders and redeemable non-controlling interests 7,273 11,291 21,162 33,745 
 (1) Unrealized gain on investments, net relates to provisions for current estimated credit losses and mark-to-market changes on our investments in real estate-related securities, derivative contracts, and investments in unconsolidated entities reported at fair value. For the three and nine months ended 2024 unrealized gain on investments, net includes 1.4 million and 4.1 million, respectively, of net operating income less interest expense attributable to our unconsolidated investment in Principal Place. For the three and nine months ended 2023 unrealized gain on investments, net includes 0.9 million and 3.0 million, respectively, of net operating income less interest expense attributable to our unconsolidated investment in Principal Place. 
 (2) Realized gain on financial instruments relates to settlements on our derivatives contracts. 
 FFO, AFFO, and FAD should not be considered more relevant or accurate than the GAAP methodology in calculating net income (loss) or in evaluating our operating performance. In addition, FFO, AFFO, and FAD should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) as indications of our performance or as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities as indications of our liquidity, but rather should be reviewed in conjunction with these and other GAAP measurements. Further, FFO, AFFO, and FAD are not intended to be used as liquidity measures indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Distributions 
 We generally intend to distribute substantially all of our taxable income, which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP, to our stockholders each year to satisfy the requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Code. 
 In December 2019, we began declaring monthly distributions for each class of our common stock, which are generally paid 20 days after month-end. Each class of our common stock receives the same aggregate gross distribution per share. The net distribution varies for each class based on the applicable stockholder servicing fees, management fees and performance fees, which are deducted from the monthly distribution per share. 
 The following table details the aggregate net distributions declared for each applicable class of common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class S Class I Class D Class T (1) 
 Class C Class E Aggregate gross distributions declared per share of common stock 0.2142 0.2142 0.2142 0.2142 0.2142 Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock (0.0236) (0.0071) Management fee per share of common stock (0.0345) (0.0348) (0.0351) (0.0339) Net distributions declared per share of common stock 0.1561 0.1794 0.1720 0.1803 0.2142 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class S Class I Class D Class T (1) 
 Class C Class E Aggregate gross distributions declared per share of common stock 0.6447 0.6447 0.6447 0.6447 0.6447 Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock (0.0718) (0.0214) Management fee per share of common stock (0.1056) (0.1065) (0.1073) (0.1040) Net distributions declared per share of common stock 0.4673 0.5382 0.5160 0.5407 0.6447 
 (1) We did not have any Class T shares of common stock issued or outstanding, thus no distributions were declared for Class T during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The following tables summarize our distributions declared during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Distributions Payable in cash 5,741 40 6,756 43 Reinvested in shares 8,661 60 9,021 57 Total distributions 14,402 100 15,777 100 Sources of Distributions Cash flows from operating activities 6,733 47 15,777 100 Cash flow from other sources (2) 
 7,669 53 Total sources of distributions 14,402 100 15,777 100 Cash flows from operating activities 6,733 6,394 Funds from Operations (1) 
 7,460 8,872 Adjusted Funds from Operations (1) 
 7,605 4,514 Funds Available for Distribution (1) 
 7,273 10,379 

50 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Distributions Payable in cash 17,892 40 20,298 41 Reinvested in shares 26,289 60 28,668 59 Total distributions 44,181 100 48,966 100 Sources of Distributions Cash flows from operating activities 34,744 79 55,058 100 Cash flow from other sources (2) 
 9,437 21 Total sources of distributions 44,181 100 55,058 100 Cash flows from operating activities 34,744 23,165 Funds from Operations (1) 
 23,834 25,500 Adjusted Funds from Operations (1) 
 25,113 19,937 Funds Available for Distribution (1) 
 21,162 30,414 
 (1) See Funds from Operations, Adjusted Funds from Operations and Funds Available for Distribution below for descriptions of Funds from Operations (FFO), Adjusted Funds from Operations (AFFO), and Funds Available for Distribution (FAD), for reconciliations of these metrics to GAAP Net loss attributable to stockholders and redeemable non-controlling interests, and for considerations on how to review these metrics. 
 (2) Includes cash flows from investing activities, such as proceeds from sales of trading securities and real estate-related securities. 
 
 Distribution Policy 
 We intend to distribute sufficient income so that we satisfy the requirements for qualification as a REIT. In order to qualify as a REIT, we are required to distribute 90 of our annual REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gains, to our stockholders. Generally, income distributed to stockholders will not be taxable to us under the Code if we distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gains. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a distribution reinvestment plan whereby stockholders will have their cash distributions attributable to the shares they own automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock; provided, however, that clients of certain participating broker-dealers that do not permit automatic enrollment in the distribution reinvestment plan and stockholders that are residents of certain states that do not permit automatic enrollment in the distribution reinvestment plan will automatically receive their distributions in cash unless they elect to participate in the distribution reinvestment plan. The per share purchase price for shares purchased pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan will be equal to the offering price before upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees (the transaction price at the time the distribution is payable, which will generally be equal to our prior month s NAV per share for that share class. Stockholders will not pay upfront selling commissions or dealer manager fees when purchasing shares pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan. The stockholder servicing fees with respect to our Class T, Class S and Class D shares are calculated based on the NAV for those shares and may reduce the NAV or, alternatively, the distributions payable with respect to shares of each such class, including shares issued in respect of distributions on such shares under the distribution reinvestment plan. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of these financial statements in accordance with GAAP involve significant judgement and assumptions and require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. These judgments will affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our financial statements. The following is a summary of our significant accounting policies that we believe are the most affected by our judgements, estimates, and assumptions. 
 Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a summary of our critical accounting policies. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Principles of Consolidation and Variable Interest Entities 
 We consolidate entities in which we retain a controlling financial interest or entities that meet the definition of a variable interest entity VIE for which we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. In performing our analysis of whether we are the primary beneficiary, at initial investment and at each quarterly reporting period, we consider whether we individually have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly affect the entity s economic performance and also have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The determination of whether an entity is a VIE, and whether we are the primary beneficiary, involves significant judgments, including the determination of which activities most significantly affect the entity s performance, estimates about the current and future fair values and performance of assets held by the entity and/or general market conditions. 
 Investments in Real Estate 
 In accordance with the guidance for business combinations, we determine whether the acquisition of a property qualifies as a business combination, which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed constitute a business. If the property acquired is not a business, we account for the transaction as an asset acquisition. We evaluate each real estate acquisition to determine whether the integrated set of acquired assets and activities meets the definition of a business. 
 Upon acquisition of a property, we assess the fair value of the acquired tangible and intangible assets (including land, buildings, tenant improvements, above-market and below-market leases, acquired in-place leases, other identified intangible assets and assumed liabilities) and we allocate the purchase price to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities. The most significant portion of the allocation is to building and land and requires the use of market based estimates and assumptions. We assess and consider fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize discount and/or capitalization rates that we deem appropriate, as well as other available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known and anticipated trends and market and economic conditions. 
 We also consider an allocation of the purchase price of other acquired intangibles, including acquired in-place leases that may have a customer relationship intangible value, including (but not limited to) the nature and extent of the existing relationship with the tenants, the tenants credit quality and expectations of lease renewals. For acquired in-place leases, above- and below-market lease values are recorded at their fair values (using a discount rate that reflects the risks associated with the lease acquired) equal to the difference between the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the in-place leases and management s estimate of fair market value lease rates for the corresponding in-place leases, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below-market leases. Other intangible assets acquired include amounts for in-place lease values that are based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant s lease. Factors to be considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods considering current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, we include real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods, depending on local market conditions. In estimating costs to execute similar leases, we consider leasing commissions, legal and other related expenses. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 We review our real estate properties for impairment each quarter or when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicates the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of the real estate investment is no longer recoverable and exceeds the fair value of such investment, an impairment loss is recognized. The impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. The evaluation of anticipated future cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results. Since cash flows on real estate properties considered to be long-lived assets to be held and used are considered on an undiscounted basis to determine whether an asset has been impaired, our strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of recording an impairment loss. If our strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized, and such loss could be material to our results. If we determine that an impairment has occurred, the affected assets must be reduced to their fair value. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion concerning recent accounting pronouncements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk with respect to our variable-rate indebtedness, where an increase in interest rates would directly result in higher interest expense costs. We seek to manage our exposure to interest rate risk by utilizing a mix of fixed and floating rate financings with staggered maturities and through interest rate protection agreements to fix or cap a portion of our variable rate debt. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal balance of our variable rate indebtedness was 695.7 million. 
 Certain of our mortgage loans and other indebtedness are variable rate and indexed to the U.S. Dollar denominated Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a 10 increase in SOFR would have resulted in increased interest expense of 2.8 million. We have executed interest rate swaps and caps with an aggregate notional amount of 598.3 million as of September 30, 2024, to hedge the risk of increasing interest rates. 
 Investments in Real Estate-Related Loans and Securities 
 As of September 30, 2024, we held 88.9 million of investments in real estate-related loans and securities. Certain of our investments are floating rate and indexed to the SOFR. As such, we are exposed to interest rate risk and our net income will increase or decrease depending on interest rate movements. While we cannot predict factors which may or may not affect interest rates, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a 10 increase or decrease in SOFR would have resulted in an increase or decrease to income from our real estate-related loans and securities of 0.5 million. We have executed interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of 24.0 million as of September 30, 2024 to hedge the risk of decreasing interest rates. 
 We may also be exposed to market risk with respect to our investments in real estate-related securities due to changes in the fair value of our investments. We seek to manage our exposure to market risk with respect to our investments in real estate-related securities by making investments in securities backed by different types of collateral and varying credit ratings. The fair value of our investments may fluctuate, thus the amount we will realize upon any sale of our investments is unknown. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value at which we may sell our investments in real estate-related securities is not known, but a 10 change in the fair value of our investments in real estate-related securities may result in an unrealized gain or loss of 7.1 million. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We may be exposed to currency risks related to our non-U.S. investments that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar USD ). We seek to manage or mitigate our exposure to the effects of currency changes by entering into derivative financial instruments to the extent it is cost effective to do so. However, our currency hedging strategies may not eliminate all of our currency risk due to, among other things, changes in the timing or amount of foreign currency denominated cash flows from our non-U.S. investments. As of September 30, 2024, we have one foreign currency derivative with a notional hedged amount of 62.1 million GBP. 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit risk includes the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of a derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty will owe us, which creates credit risk for us. If the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we will owe the counterparty and, therefore, do not have credit risk. We seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ). Based upon this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures (a) were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms and (b) included, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, we were not subject to any material litigation nor were we aware of any material litigation threatened against us. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed under Item 1A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Item 1A of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 
 The DST Program could subject us to liabilities from litigation or otherwise. 
 In connection with the launch of the DST Program, we, through the Operating Partnership, expect to raise capital in private placements exempt from registration under the Securities Act through the sale of DST Interests to accredited investors in specific DSTs holding one or more DST Properties. We expect that the DST Program will give us the opportunity to expand and diversify our capital-raising strategies by offering what we believe to be an attractive investment product for investors that may be seeking like-kind replacement properties to complete tax-deferred exchange transactions under Section 1031 of the Code. However, there is no guarantee that the DST Program will provide the tax benefits expected by investors. Investors who acquire DST Interests through such private placements may be seeking certain tax benefits that depend on the interpretation of, and compliance with, federal and state income tax laws and regulations. As the sole member of the general partner of the Operating Partnership, we may become subject to liability, from litigation or otherwise, as a result of the DST Program, including in the event an investor fails to qualify for any desired tax benefits. 
 The DST Program will not shield us from risks related to the performance of the DST Properties held through such structures. 
 Under the DST Program, certain of our existing real properties and real properties acquired from third parties may be placed into DSTs, the DST Interests of which will be sold to investors. We, through a wholly owned subsidiary, will hold long-term leasehold interests in each DST Property under a master lease, which will be fully guaranteed by the Operating Partnership. Under each master lease, we, through such subsidiary or applicable master tenant, will be responsible for subleasing the applicable DST Property to occupying tenants until the earlier of the expiration of the master lease or the Operating Partnership s exercise of the FMV Option, which means that we bear the risk that the underlying cash flow from a DST Property may be less than the master lease payments. Therefore, even though we will no longer own such applicable DST Property, because of the fixed terms of the master lease guaranteed by the Operating Partnership, negative performance by a DST Property could affect cash available for distributions to our stockholders and would likely have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, although the Operating Partnership will hold a FMV Option to reacquire each DST Property, the purchase price will be based on the then-current fair market value of the applicable DST Property subject to the master lease. Therefore, we may pay more for a DST Property upon the FMV Option exercise if it appreciates while held by the applicable DST than if we had not placed such property in the DST Program. 
 We may own DST Interests in DSTs owning DST Properties that will be subject to the agreements under our DST Program, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, relative to if the DST Program agreements did not exist. 
 In connection with the launch of the DST Program, we may own DST Interests in DSTs owning one or more DST Properties that are subject to the terms of the agreements governing our DST Program. The DST Program agreements may limit our ability to encumber, lease or dispose of our DST Interests. Such agreements could affect our ability to turn our DST Interests into cash and could affect cash available for distributions to our stockholders. The DST Program agreements, and in some cases the financing documents used in connection with the DST Program, could also impair our ability to take actions that would otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and NAV, relative to if the DST Program agreements did not exist. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 DST Properties may be less liquid than other assets, which could impair our ability to utilize cash proceeds from sales of such DST Properties for other purposes such as paying down debt, distributions or additional investments. 
 DST Properties may later be reacquired by the Operating Partnership through the exercise of the FMV Option. In such cases, the investors who become limited partners in the Operating Partnership will generally still be tied to the applicable DST Property in terms of basis and built-in-gain. As a result, if a DST Property is subsequently sold, unless we effectuate a like-kind exchange under Section 1031 of the Code, then tax will be triggered on the investors built-in-gain. Although we are not contractually obligated to do so, we intend to execute 1031 exchanges in such situations rather than trigger gain. Any replacement property acquired in connection with a 1031 exchange will similarly be tied to such investors with similar considerations if such replacement property ever is sold. As a result of these factors, placing real properties into the DST Program may limit our ability to access liquidity from such real properties or replacement properties through sale without triggering taxes due to the built-in-gain tied to investors in the DST Program. Such reduced liquidity could impair our ability to utilize cash proceeds from sales for other purposes such as paying down debt, paying distributions, funding repurchases or making additional investments. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 , all equity securities that were sold and not registered under the Securities Act were previously reported on Current Reports on Form 8-K. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 We have adopted a share repurchase plan, whereby on a monthly basis, stockholders may request that we repurchase all or any portion of their shares. We may choose to repurchase all, some or none of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased at the end of any particular month, in our discretion, subject to any limitations in the share repurchase plan. 
 The total amount of shares that we will repurchase is limited, in any calendar month, to shares whose aggregate value (based on the repurchase price per share on the date of the repurchase) is no more than 2 of its aggregate NAV attributable to its stockholders as of the last day of the previous calendar month and, in any calendar quarter, to shares whose aggregate value is no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV attributable to our stockholders as of the last day of the previous calendar quarter. We measure the repurchase limitations based on net repurchases during a month or quarter. The term net repurchases means, during the applicable period, the excess capital outflows over capital inflows. The term capital outflows means share repurchases under our share repurchase plan in a given period. The term capital inflows means proceeds from share subscriptions received in a given period that are accepted as of the first calendar day of the next month, plus purchases pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. For any given calendar quarter, the maximum amount of repurchases during that quarter will be equal to (1) 5 of the aggregate NAV attributable to our stockholders as of the last calendar day of the previous calendar quarter, plus (2) capital inflows during such calendar quarter. The same would apply for a given month, except that repurchases in a month would be subject to the 2 limit described above (subject to potential carry-over capacity), and netting would be measured on a monthly basis. 
 With respect to future periods, our board of directors may choose whether the limitations will be applied to gross repurchases rather than to net repurchases. If repurchases for a given month or quarter are measured on a gross basis rather than on a net basis, the repurchase limitations would limit the amount of shares repurchased in a given month or quarter without regard to any capital inflows for that month or quarter. In order for our board of directors to change the application of the limitations from net repurchases to gross repurchases or vice versa, we will provide notice to stockholders in a prospectus supplement or special or periodic report filed by us, as well as in a press release or on our website, at least 10 days before the first business day of the quarter for which the new test will apply. The determination to measure repurchases on a gross basis or net basis will only be made for an entire quarter, and not particular months within a quarter. 
 Under our share repurchase plan, to the extent we choose to repurchase shares in any particular month, we will only repurchase shares as of the opening of the last calendar day of that month (each such date, a Repurchase Date ). Repurchases will be made at the transaction price in effect on the Repurchase Date (which will generally be equal to our prior month s NAV per share), except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 98 of the transaction price (an Early Repurchase Deduction subject to certain limited exceptions. Settlements of share repurchases will be made within three business days of the Repurchase Date. The Early Repurchase Deduction will not apply to shares acquired through our distribution reinvestment plan, to shares the Adviser elects to receive instead of cash in respect of its management or performance fees, or to shares issued to an affiliate of Brookfield in exchange for Class E OP Units that were issued to such entity in connection with its contribution of certain assets to the Operating Partnership. In addition, shares of our common stock are sold to certain feeder vehicles primarily created to hold our shares that in turn offer interests in such feeder vehicles to non- 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. persons. For such feeder vehicles and similar arrangements in certain markets, we may not apply the Early Repurchase Deduction to the feeder vehicles or underlying investors, often because of administrative or systems limitations. 
 Should repurchase requests, in our judgment, place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on the company as a whole, or should we otherwise determine that investing our liquid assets in real estate properties or other illiquid investments rather than repurchasing our shares is in the best interests of the Company as a whole, then we may choose to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, our board of directors may modify or suspend our share repurchase plan if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. In the event that we determine to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any month, shares repurchased at the end of the month will be repurchased on a pro rata basis. 
 Pursuant to the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement, we and the Operating Partnership will offer to repurchase shares of common stock or Class E OP Units, as applicable, from the Brookfield Investor at a price per share or unit equal to the most recently determined NAV per share or unit immediately prior to each repurchase. The Brookfield Investor has agreed to not seek repurchase of the shares of common stock and Class E OP Units that it owns if doing so would bring the value of its equity holdings in us and the Operating Partnership below 50.0 million. In addition, the Brookfield Investor has agreed to hold all of the shares of common stock and Class E OP units that it received in consideration for the contribution of the Brookfield Portfolio until the earlier of (i) the first date that our NAV reaches 1.5 billion and (ii) the date that is the third anniversary of November 2, 2021. Following such date, the Brookfield Investor may cause us to repurchase its shares and Class E OP Units (above the 50.0 million minimum), in an amount equal to the sum of (a) the amount available under our share repurchase plan s 2 monthly and 5 quarterly caps (after accounting for third-party investor repurchases) and (b) 25 of the amount by which net proceeds from the Offering and our private offerings of common stock for a given month exceed the amount of repurchases for such month pursuant to our share repurchase plan. We will not effect any such repurchase during any month in which the full amount of all shares requested to be repurchased by third-party investors under our share repurchase plan is not repurchased. The Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement does not apply to shares of our common stock or OP Units held by affiliates of Brookfield that are feeder vehicles primarily created to offer interests in such feeder vehicles to non-U.S. persons. Shares of our common stock or Class E OP Units held by the Brookfield Investor that were not issued as consideration for the contribution of the Brookfield Portfolio are not subject to the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement, but may be redeemed, in whole or in part, for cash upon the request of the Brookfield Investor, subject to the limitations of our share purchase plan. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we and the Operating Partnership did not repurchase any shares or OP Units as part of the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased shares of our common stock in the following amounts, which represented all of the share repurchase requests received for the same period. 
 Month of: Total Number of Shares Repurchased (1) 
 Repurchases as a Percentage of Shares Outstanding (2) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares Pending Repurchase Pursuant to Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (3) 
 July 2024 1,357,620 1.6 11.1968 1,357,620 August 2024 1,155,722 1.4 11.1047 1,155,722 September 2024 (4) 
 756,303 0.9 10.9803 501,367 Total 3,269,645 3,014,709 
 (1) Repurchases are limited under the share repurchase plan as described above. 
 (2) Includes shares repurchased outside of the share repurchase plan. For purposes of calculating the monthly and quarterly limits under our share repurchase plan, net repurchases as a percentage of aggregate NAV were 1.6 , 1.4 and 0.6 for the months of July 2024, August 2024 and September 2024, respectively, and 3.6 for the calendar quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 (3) All repurchase requests under our share repurchase plan were satisfied during the period. (4) Includes 254,936 Class I shares repurchased from the Adviser outside of the share repurchase plan related to shares that were previously issued to the Adviser as payment of management fees. 

56 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 On November 8, 2024, we, the Operating Partnership, the general partner of the Operating Partnership and BUSI II-C entered into an agreement pursuant to which we repurchased, at the then-current transaction price, 25,123,346.212 Class I shares and 2,173,519.737 Class E shares held by BUSI II-C in exchange for an in-kind distribution to BUSI II-C of 25,123,346.212 Class I OP Units and 2,173,519.737 Class E OP Units. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number 
 Description 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.2 
 Articles of Amendment of Oaktree Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. dated June 13, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 14, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.3 
 Articles Supplementary of Oaktree Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.4 
 Second Articles of Amendment of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.5 
 Articles Supplementary of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.6 
 Certificate of Correction to Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. s Articles Supplementary (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.7 
 Third Articles of Amendment of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.8 
 Fourth Articles of Amendment of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.9 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.1 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.1 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P. dated September 25, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.2 
 Repurchase and Distribution Agreement dated November 8, 2024 by and among Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc., BUSI II-C L.P, Brookfield REIT OP GP LLC and Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P. (filed as Exhibit 4 to the Registrant s Schedule 13D/A filed on November 12, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1+ 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2+ 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 + This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Filed herewith. 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. November 14, 2024 /s/ Brian W. Kingston Date Brian W. Kingston Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) November 14, 2024 /s/ Theodore C. Hanno Date Theodore C. Hanno Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 59 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-311_asof09302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Brian W. Kingston, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (the report of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Brian W. Kingston Brian W. Kingston Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-312_asof09302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Theodore C. Hanno, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (the report of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 
 s Theodore C. Hanno Theodore C. Hanno Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex-321_asof09302024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brian W. Kingston, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Brian W. Kingston Brian W. Kingston Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 14, 2024 
 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex-322_asof09302024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Theodore C. Hanno, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Theodore C. Hanno Theodore C. Hanno Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) November 14, 2024 
 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 oak-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 oak-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 oak-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 oak-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 oak-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

