<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_750686_0000750686-24-000262.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19735627</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>190014</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2003580</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10460730</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3286040</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3224902</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000750686-24-000262.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107100329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000750686-24-000262
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAMDEN NATIONAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000750686
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				010413282
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			ME
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13227
		FILM NUMBER:		241433655

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO ELM ST
		CITY:			CAMDEN
		STATE:			ME
		ZIP:			04843
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2072368821

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 ELM ST
		CITY:			CAMDEN
		STATE:			ME
		ZIP:			04843

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000750686-24-000262.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 cac-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cac-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File No. 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 
 x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 
 x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 
 Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date: 
 Outstanding at October 31, 2024: Common stock (no par value) shares. 

CAMDEN NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 
 FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS OF INFORMATION REQUIRED IN REPORT 
 
 PAGE PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Statements of Condition (unaudited) - September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited) - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (unaudited) - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 8 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 44 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 77 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 78 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 79 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 79 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 80 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 80 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 80 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 80 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 81 
 SIGNATURES 82 
 
 2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION 
 (unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits in other banks (including restricted cash) Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Investments: Trading securities Available-for-sale securities, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Held-to-maturity securities, at amortized cost (fair value of and , respectively) 
 Other investments Total investments Loans held for sale, at fair value (book value of and , respectively) 
 Loans Less: allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Net loans Goodwill Core deposit intangible assets Bank-owned life insurance Premises and equipment, net Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities Deposits: Non-interest checking Interest checking Savings and money market Certificates of deposit Brokered deposits Total deposits Short-term borrowings Junior subordinated debentures Accrued interest and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 
 par value: authorized shares, issued and outstanding and on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except number of shares and per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest Income Interest and fees on loans Taxable interest on investments 
 Nontaxable interest on investments Dividend income Other interest income Total interest income Interest Expense Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Interest on junior subordinated debentures Total interest expense Net interest income Provision (credit) for credit losses ) ) Net interest income after provision (credit) for credit losses Non-Interest Income Debit card income Service charges on deposit accounts Income from fiduciary services Brokerage and insurance commissions Bank-owned life insurance Mortgage banking income, net Net loss on sale of securities ) ) Other income Total non-interest income Non-Interest Expense Salaries and employee benefits Furniture, equipment and data processing Net occupancy costs Debit card expense Consulting and professional fees Regulatory assessments Merger and acquisition costs 
 Amortization of core deposit intangible assets Other real estate owned and collection costs (recoveries), net 
 ) ) Other expenses Total non-interest expense Income before income tax expense Income Tax Expense Net Income Per Share Data Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Cash dividends declared per share Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income Other comprehensive income (loss): Net change in fair value of debt securities, net of tax ) ) Net change in fair value of cash flow hedging derivatives, net of tax ) 
 
 ) 
 Net change in other comprehensive income for supplemental executive retirement plan and other postretirement benefit plan, net of tax ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive Income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholders Equity (In thousands, except number of shares and per share data) 
 Shares Outstanding Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of vested share awards, net of repurchase for tax withholdings ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of vested share awards, net of repurchase for tax withholdings ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 

Nine Months Ended 
 Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholders Equity (In thousands, except number of shares and per share data) 
 Shares Outstanding Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of vested share awards, net of repurchase for tax withholdings ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of vested share awards, net of repurchase for tax withholdings ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Originations of mortgage loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from the sale of mortgage loans Gain on sale of mortgage loans, net of origination costs ) ) (Credit) provision for credit losses 
 ) Depreciation and amortization expense Investment securities amortization and accretion, net Stock-based compensation expense Amortization of core deposit intangible assets Purchase accounting accretion, net ) ) Net loss on sale of investment securities 
 Net (decrease) increase in derivative collateral posted 
 ) Increase in other assets ) ) Increase in other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale debt securities 
 Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale debt securities 
 Purchase of available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Proceeds from maturities and recoveries of held-to-maturity securities 
 Purchase of held-to-maturity securities ) Net increase in loans ) ) Purchase of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) Proceeds from sale of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities 
 Financing Activities Net decrease in deposits 
 ) ) Net proceeds from borrowings less than 90 days 
 Proceeds from the Bank Term Funding Program 
 Repayment of Bank Term Funding Program 
 ) Common stock repurchases ) ) Issuance of restricted stock, net of repurchase for tax withholdings 
 ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) Finance lease payments ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental information Interest paid Income taxes paid Cash dividends declared, not paid Change in fair value hedges presented within residential real estate loans and other assets 
 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 

8 

NOTE 2 

NOTE 3 
 
 million based on the Company s common stock closing price of on September 9, 2024, the trading day immediately preceding the merger announcement. NFI is the parent company of Northway Bank, a New Hampshire state-chartered bank, with Northway branches in New Hampshire. The merger will allow the Company to build upon its presence in New England. 
 
 Under the terms of the merger agreement, shareholders of NFI will receive shares of the Company s common stock for each share of NFI common stock, and the merger is expected to qualify as a tax-free reorganization. Based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on September 9, 2024 of , the implied merger consideration that an NFI shareholder would be entitled to receive for each share of NFI common stock owned would be . 
 
 The transaction has been approved unanimously by the Boards of Directors of both the Company and NFI. Completion of the merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approvals and approval by the shareholders of NFI. NFI will host a special meeting for its shareholders on December 17, 2024, in order to seek approval of the transaction, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025. 
 
 Upon completion of the merger, the company approximates total assets, loans and deposits of the combined consolidated entities will be billion, billion and billion, as of June 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 In conjunction with the due diligence and announcement of the planned merger with NFI, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred of certain non-recurring merger-related expenses including legal and professional fees and other expenses. These non-recurring expenses are presented as merger and acquisition costs within non-interest expense on the consolidated statements of income. 

NOTE 4 
 
 million and million, respectively. These securities are held in a rabbi trust account and invested in mutual funds. The trading securities will be used for future payments associated with the Company's deferred compensation plan for eligible employees and directors. 
 
 9 

) MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 ) CMO issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 ) Corporate bonds ) Total AFS debt securities ) December 31, 2023 Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) CMO issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) Corporate bonds ) Total AFS debt securities ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was allowance carried on AFS debt securities. 
 
 In 2022, the Company transferred securities with a fair value of million from AFS to HTM. The unrealized losses on the AFS debt securities at the time of transfer were million, pre-tax, and were reported within AOCI. These unrealized losses are being amortized over the remaining life of the securities from AOCI into the HTM securities on the consolidated statements of condition. As of September 30, 2024, the net unrealized losses on the transferred securities reported within AOCI were million, net of a deferred tax asset of million, and as of December 31, 2023 were million, net of a deferred tax asset of million. 
 
 The net unrealized losses on AFS debt securities reported within AOCI (excluding the aforementioned securities transferred from AFS to HTM) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were million, net of a deferred tax asset of million and million, net of a deferred tax asset of million, respectively. 
 10 

) ) ) MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) ) ) CMO issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total AFS debt securities ) ) ) December 31, 2023 Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) ) ) CMO issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total AFS debt securities ) ) ) 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the unrealized losses on the Company's AFS debt securities have not been recognized into income because management does not intend to sell, and it is not more-likely-than-not it will be required to sell, any of the AFS debt securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Furthermore, the unrealized losses were due to changes in interest rates and other market conditions and were not reflective of credit events. Agency-backed and government-sponsored enterprise securities have a long history of no credit losses, including during times of severe stress. The principal and interest payments on agency guaranteed debt is backed by the U.S. government. Government-sponsored enterprises similarly guarantee principal and interest payments and securities backed by government-sponsored enterprises carry an implicit guarantee from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Additionally, government-sponsored enterprise securities are exceptionally liquid, readily marketable, and provide a substantial amount of price transparency and price parity, indicating a perception of zero credit losses. Municipal debt holdings are comprised only of high credit quality (rated A- or higher) state and municipal obligations. High credit quality state and municipal obligations have a history of zero to near-zero credit loss. Corporate bonds are primarily comprised of investment grade senior notes and senior subordinated notes of other financial institutions. 
 
 million at each date, and was reported within other assets on the consolidated statements of condition. An allowance was not carried on the accrued interest receivable at either date. 
 
 11 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Subtotal Mortgage-related securities Total 
 
 HTM Debt Securities 
 
 HTM debt securities are reported on the Company's consolidated statements of condition at amortized cost. 
 ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) CMO issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) Corporate bonds ) Total HTM debt securities ) December 31, 2023 Obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) CMO issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises ) Corporate bonds ) Total HTM debt securities ) 
 (1) Amortized cost presented above includes unamortized unrealized losses from the aforementioned transfer from AFS to HTM securities that occurred in 2022. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the unamortized unrealized losses on the 2022 transfer included within amortized cost were as follows: (1) and in obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises, (2) million and million in obligations of state and political subdivisions, (3) million and million in MBS, (4) million and million in CMO, and (5) and in corporate bonds, respectively. 
 
 12 

million Signature Bank corporate bond in response to Signature Bank's failure. The write-off was recorded as a provision on HTM debt securities in the consolidated statements of income. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company sold the Signature Bank corporate bond and recovered , which was recorded as a credit for credit losses on HTM debt securities in the consolidated statements of income. In addition to writing off the Signature Bank corporate bond in the first quarter of 2023, the Company also wrote-off the bond s associated accrued interest receivable totaling and recorded a reversal of interest income on the consolidated statements of income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The following table presents the activity in the ACL on HTM debt securities for the periods indicated: 
 
 ) (Credit) provision on HTM debt securities 
 ) Ending balance 

The Company evaluated its HTM debt securities with an amortized cost as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and determined that the expected credit loss on its HTM portfolio was immaterial, and therefore it did t carry an ACL on the HTM portfolio at either date. 
 
 The HTM debt securities portfolio is comprised of the same types of securities as the AFS debt securities portfolio. Refer to the discussion above for considerations of credit risk. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, none of the Company's HTM debt securities were past due or on non-accrual status. The Company did not recognize any interest income on non-accrual HTM debt securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, total accrued interest receivable on HTM debt securities was million and million, respectively, and no allowance was provided for. Accrued interest on HTM debt securities is reported within other assets on the consolidated statements of condition and excluded from reported amortized cost. 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Subtotal Mortgage-related securities Total 
 
 AFS and HTM Debt Securities Pledged 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, AFS and HTM debt securities with an amortized cost of million and million and estimated fair values of million and million, respectively, were pledged to secure FHLBB advances, FRB advances, public deposits, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase and for other purposes required or permitted by law. 
 
 13 

FRB Total other investments 

NOTE 5 
 Commercial real estate - owner-occupied Commercial Total commercial loans Retail Loans: Residential real estate Home equity Consumer Total retail loans Total loans 
 Net unamortized fair value mark discount on acquired loans ) ) Total 
 
 The Company's lending activities are primarily conducted in Maine, but also include a loan production office in New Hampshire. The Company originates single- and multi-family residential loans, commercial real estate loans, business loans, municipal loans and a variety of consumer loans. In addition, the Company makes loans for the construction of residential homes, multi-family properties and commercial real estate properties. The ability and willingness of borrowers to honor their repayment commitments is generally dependent on the level of overall economic activity within the geographic area and the general economy. 
 
 14 

million and million, respectively, of residential mortgage loans on the secondary market, which resulted in gains on the sale of loans (net of costs) of and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company sold million and 137.2 million, respectively, of residential mortgage loans on the secondary market, which resulted in gains on the sale of loans (net of costs) of million and 1.2 million, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had certain residential mortgage loans with a principal balance of million and million, respectively, designated as held for sale. The Company has elected the fair value option of accounting for its loans held for sale, and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, it had recorded unrealized gains of and , respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded the change in unrealized (losses) gains on loans held for sale within mortgage banking income, net, on the Company's consolidated statements of income of and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded the change in unrealized losses on residential mortgage loans held for sale recorded within mortgage banking income, net, on the Company's consolidated statements of income of and , respectively. 
 
 The Company has forward delivery commitments with a secondary market investor on each of its loans held for sale as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 9 for further discussion of the Company's forward delivery commitments. 
 
 ACL on Loans 
 
 The Company manages its loan portfolio proactively to effectively identify problem credits and assess trends early, implement effective work-out strategies, and take charge-offs as promptly as practical. In addition, the Company continuously reassesses its underwriting standards in response to credit risk posed by changes in economic conditions. The Company monitors and manages credit risk through the following governance structure: 
 The Credit Risk and Special Assets teams and the Credit Risk Policy Committee, which is an internal management committee comprised of the Company s president and chief executive officer and other various executives and senior managers across business lines, including Accounting and Finance, Credit Underwriting, Credit Risk and Special Assets, Risk, and Commercial and Retail Banking, oversee the Company's systems and procedures to monitor the credit quality of its loan portfolio, conduct a loan review program, and maintain the integrity of the loan ratings system. 
 The adequacy of the ACL is overseen by the Management Provision Committee, which is an internal management committee comprised of the Company s president and chief executive officer and other executives and senior managers across business lines, including Accounting and Finance; Credit Underwriting, Credit Risk and Special Assets; Risk and Compliance; Commercial Banking; and Retail Banking. The Management Provision Committee supports the oversight efforts of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 The Directors' Credit Committee of the Board of Directors reviews large credit exposures, monitors external loan review reports, reviews the lending authority for individual loan officers when required, and has approval authority and responsibility for all matters regarding the loan policy and other credit-related policies, including reviewing and monitoring asset quality trends, and concentration levels. 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has approval authority and oversight responsibility for the ACL adequacy and methodology. 
 
 Segmentation. For purposes of determining the ACL on loans, the Company disaggregates its loans into portfolio segments. Each portfolio segment possesses unique risk characteristics that are considered when determining the appropriate level of allowance. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company's loan portfolio segments, as determined based on the unique risk characteristics of each, include the following: 
 15 

16 

Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (credit) for loan losses 
 ) ) ) Ending balance, September 30, 2024 
 As of or for the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 
 Beginning balance, December 31, 2023 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries (Credit) provision for loan losses ) ) ) ) Ending balance, September 30, 2024 
 As of or for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Beginning balance, June 30, 2023 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (credit) for loan losses 
 ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance, September 30, 2023 
 As of or for the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 
 Beginning balance, December 31, 2022 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries (Credit) provision for loan losses ) ) ) Ending balance, September 30, 2023 
 As of or for the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2023 
 Beginning balance, December 31, 2022 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries (Credit) provision for loan losses ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2023 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, total accrued interest receivable on loans, which has been excluded from reported amortized cost basis on loans, was million at each date, and reported within other assets on the consolidated statements of condition. An allowance was not carried on the accrued interest receivable at either date. 
 
 Credit Concentrations 
 
 The Company focuses on maintaining a well-balanced and diversified loan portfolio and imposes internal credit concentration limits that includes consideration of regulatory requirements, which are reviewed quarterly by the Credit Risk Policy Committee. Despite such efforts, it is recognized that credit concentrations may occasionally emerge as a result of economic conditions, changes in local demand, natural loan growth and runoff. To identify credit concentrations effectively, all commercial and commercial real estate loans are assigned Standard Industrial Classification codes, North American Industry Classification System codes, and state and county codes. Shifts in portfolio concentrations are monitored. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's total exposure to the lessors of nonresidential buildings' industry (operators of commercial and industrial buildings, retail establishments, theaters, banks and insurance buildings) and lessors of residential buildings' industry (lessors of buildings used as residences, such as single-family homes, apartments and town houses) were and of total loans and and of commercial real estate loans, respectively. There were other industry exposures exceeding 10 of the Company's total loan portfolio as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 17 

18 

Special mention (Grade 7) Substandard (Grade 8) Doubtful (Grade 9) Total commercial real estate - non-owner-occupied Gross charge-offs for the nine months ended 
 Commercial real estate - owner-occupied Risk rating 
 Pass (Grades 1-6) Special mention (Grade 7) Substandard (Grade 8) Doubtful (Grade 9) Total commercial real estate - owner occupied Gross charge-offs for the nine months ended 
 Commercial 
 Risk rating 
 Pass (Grades 1-6) Special mention (Grade 7) Substandard (Grade 8) Doubtful (Grade 9) Total commercial Gross charge-offs for the nine months ended 
 Residential Real Estate Risk rating 
 Pass (Grades 1-6) Special mention (Grade 7) Substandard (Grade 8) Doubtful (Grade 9) Total residential real estate Gross charge-offs for the nine months ended 
 Home equity 
 Risk rating 
 Performing Non-performing Total home equity 
 Gross charge-offs for the nine months ended 
 Consumer 
 Risk rating 
 Performing Non-performing Total consumer 
 Gross charge-offs for the nine months ended 
 
 19 

Special mention (Grade 7) Substandard (Grade 8) Doubtful (Grade 9) Total commercial real estate - non-owner-occupied Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 Commercial real estate - owner-occupied Risk rating: Pass (Grades 1-6) Special mention (Grade 7) Substandard (Grade 8) Doubtful (Grade 9) Total commercial real estate - owner-occupied Gross charge-offs for the year ended Commercial 
 Risk rating: Pass (Grades 1-6) Special mention (Grade 7) Substandard (Grade 8) Doubtful (Grade 9) Total commercial Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 Residential Real Estate Risk rating: Pass (Grades 1-6) Special mention (Grade 7) Substandard (Grade 8) Doubtful (Grade 9) Total residential real estate Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 Home equity 
 Risk rating: Performing Non-performing Total home equity Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 Consumer 
 Risk rating: Performing Non-performing Total consumer Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 20 

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied Residential real estate Home equity Consumer Total December 31, 2023 Commercial real estate - non-owner-occupied Commercial real estate - owner-occupied Commercial Residential real estate Home equity Consumer Total 
 21 

Commercial real estate - owner-occupied Commercial Residential real estate Home equity Consumer Total 
 
 Interest income that would have been recognized if loans on non-accrual status had been current in accordance with their original terms is estimated to have been and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the interest income that is estimated to have been recognized if loans on non-accrual status had been current in accordance with their original terms was and , respectively. 
 
 The Company's policy is to reverse previously recorded accrued interest income when a loan is placed on non-accrual, as such, the Company did not record any interest income on its non-accrual loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Collateral-dependent loans are loans for which repayment is expected to be provided substantially by the underlying collateral and there are no other available and reliable sources of repayment. The following table presents the amortized cost basis of collateral-dependent loans by portfolio segment and collateral type, as of the dates indicated: 
 
 September 30, 
 2024 
 December 31, 
 2023 
 Collateral Type Total Collateral -Dependent Loans 
 Collateral Type Total Collateral -Dependent Loans 
 (In thousands) Real Estate Other Collateral Real Estate Other Collateral Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Commercial 
 Total 
 
 Loan Modifications for Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty 
 
 Effective January 1, 2023, the Company evaluates all loan modifications in accordance with ASU 2022-02. Under ASU 2022-02, a loan is evaluated to consider whether the loan, as modified, represents a new loan or is a continuation of an existing loan. 
 
 The Company offers several types of loan and receivables modification programs to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, primarily interest rate reductions and term extensions. In such instances, the Company may modify loans and receivables with the intention to minimize future losses and improve collectability, while providing customers with temporary or permanent financial relief. 
 
 22 

The following table presents the financial effect of the loan modifications presented above to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 (In thousands) 
 Principal Forgiveness Weighted Average Interest Rate Reduction Weighted Average Term Extension (Years) Commercial 

The Company closely monitors the performance of loans that are modified to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty to understand the effectiveness of its modification efforts and relevant factors are considered while assessing the adequacy of the ACL. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no modified loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that were past due or for which the borrower subsequently defaulted. 
 
 In-Process Foreclosure Proceedings 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and million, respectively, of consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which foreclosure proceedings were in process. 
 
 FHLB Advances 
 
 FHLB advances are those borrowings from the FHLBB greater than 90 days. FHLB advances are collateralized by a blanket lien on qualified collateral consisting primarily of loans with first mortgages secured by one- to four-family properties, certain commercial real estate loans, certain pledged investment securities and other qualified assets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the combined carrying value of residential real estate and commercial loans pledged as collateral was billion for both periods. 
 
 Refer to Notes 4 and 7 of the consolidated financial statements for discussion of securities pledged as collateral. 

NOTE 6 
 
 Overnight Borrowings Bank Term Funding Program 
 Customer Repurchase Agreements Total Short-Term Borrowings 
 
 The Company has two tranches of junior subordinated debentures in the amount of million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 11 of the consolidated financial statements for further details. The Company did 
 23 

NOTE 7 
 
 CMO issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 Total 
 
 (1) Presented within short-term borrowings on the consolidated statements of condition. 
 (2) All customer repurchase agreements mature continuously or overnight for the dates indicated. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, certain customers held CDs totaling and , respectively, that were collateralized by MBS and CMO securities that were overnight repurchase agreements. 
 
 Certain counterparties monitor collateral and may request additional collateral to be posted from time to time. 

NOTE 8 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
 Commitments 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is a party to both on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments involving, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk and interest rate risk in addition to the amounts recognized in the consolidated statements of condition. 
 
 Standby letters of credit Total 
 
 The Company s commitments to extend credit from its lending activities do not necessarily represent future cash requirements since certain of these instruments may expire without being funded and others may not be fully drawn upon. These commitments are subject to the Company s credit approval process, including an evaluation of the customer s creditworthiness and related collateral requirements. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. 
 
 24 

Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a borrower to a third party. In the event of nonperformance by the borrower, the Company would be required to fund the commitment and would be entitled to the underlying collateral, if applicable, which generally consists of pledges of business assets including, but not limited to, accounts receivable, inventory, plant and equipment, and/or real estate. The maximum potential future payments are limited to the contractual amount of the commitment. 
 
 The Company establishes an ACL on off-balance sheet credit exposures on its contractual off-balance sheet commitments, except those that are unconditionally cancellable by the Company. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the ACL on off-balance sheet credit exposures was million and million, respectively. The ACL on off-balance sheet credit exposure was presented within accrued interest and other liabilities on the consolidated statements of condition. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the credit for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures recorded in provision (credit) for credit losses on the consolidated statements of income was and ), respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the provision (credit) for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures recorded in provision (credit) for credit losses on the consolidated statements of income was and ), respectively. 
 
 Legal Contingencies 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to pending and threatened litigation, claims, investigations and legal and administrative cases and proceedings. Although the Company is not able to predict the outcome of such actions, after reviewing pending and threatened actions with counsel, management believes that, based on the information currently available, the outcome of such actions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Reserves are established for legal claims only when losses associated with the claims are judged to be probable, and the loss can be reasonably estimated. Assessments of litigation exposure are difficult because they involve inherently unpredictable factors including, but not limited to: whether the proceeding is in the early stages; whether damages are unspecified, unsupported, or uncertain; whether there is a potential for punitive or other pecuniary damages; whether the matter involves legal uncertainties, including novel issues of law; whether the matter involves multiple parties and/or jurisdictions; whether discovery has begun or is not complete; whether meaningful settlement discussions have commenced; and whether the lawsuit involves class allegations. In many lawsuits and arbitrations, it is not possible to determine whether a liability has been incurred or to estimate the ultimate or minimum amount of that liability until the case is close to resolution, in which case a reserve will not be recognized until that time. Assessments of class action litigation, which is generally more complex than other types of litigation, are particularly difficult, especially in the early stages of the proceeding when it is not known whether a class will be certified or how a potential class, if certified, will be defined. As a result, the Company may be unable to estimate reasonably possible losses with respect to every litigation matter it faces. 
 
 The Company did t have any material loss contingencies that were provided for and/or that are required to be disclosed as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

NOTE 9 
 
 25 

million will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense and will be reclassified as a decrease to interest income. 
 
 Interest Rate Contracts - Fair Value Hedges. Derivatives designated as fair value hedges are utilized to mitigate the risk of changes in the fair values of recognized assets and liabilities. The Company uses interest rate contracts in this manner to manage its exposure to changes in the fair value of hedged items caused by changes in interest rates. 
 
 Changes in the fair value of the derivatives and changes in the fair value of the hedged item due to changes in the hedged risk are recognized in earnings in the same line item. If a hedge is terminated, but the hedged item was not derecognized, all remaining adjustments to the carrying amount of the hedged item are amortized over a period that is consistent with the amortization of other discounts or premiums associated with the hedged item. 
 
 Derivatives not Designated as Hedges 
 
 Customer Loan Swaps. Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Company provides to certain customers. The Company executes interest rate swaps with commercial banking customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. Those interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged by offsetting derivatives that the Company executes with a third party, such that the Company minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate derivatives associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the customer derivatives and the offsetting derivatives are recognized directly in earnings. 
 
 Fixed Rate Mortgage Interest Rate Lock Commitments. As part of the origination process of a residential loan, the Company may enter into rate lock agreements with its borrower, which is considered an interest rate lock commitment. If the Company intends to sell the loan upon origination, it will account for the interest rate lock commitment as a derivative. 
 
 Forward Delivery Commitments. The Company typically enters into a forward delivery commitment with a secondary market investor, which has been approved by the Company within its normal governance process, at the onset of the loan origination process. The Company may enter into these arrangements with the secondary market investors on a "best effort" or "mandatory delivery" basis. The Company's normal practice is typically to enter into these arrangements on a "best effort" basis. The Company enters into these arrangements with the secondary market investors to manage its interest rate exposure. The Company accounts for the forward delivery commitment as a derivative upon origination of a loan identified as held for sale. 
 
 Risk Participation Agreements. The Company s existing credit derivatives result from participations in or out of interest rate swaps provided by or to external lenders as part of loan participation arrangements, therefore, are not used to manage interest rate risk in the Company s assets or liabilities. Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Company provides to certain lenders which participate in loans. 
 
 26 

Other Assets Accrued interest and other liabilities Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Customer loan swaps (1) 
 Other assets Accrued interest and other liabilities Risk participation agreements Other assets Accrued interest and other liabilities Fixed rate mortgage interest rate lock commitments Other assets Accrued interest and other liabilities Forward delivery commitments Other assets Accrued interest and other liabilities Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 December 31, 2023 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate contracts (1) 
 Other assets Accrued interest and other liabilities Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Customer loan swaps (1) 
 Other assets Accrued interest and other liabilities Risk participation agreements Other assets Accrued interest and other liabilities Fixed rate mortgage interest rate lock commitments Other assets Accrued interest and other liabilities Forward delivery commitments Other assets Accrued interest and other liabilities Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 
 (1) Reported fair values include accrued interest receivable and payable. 
 
 The following table shows the carrying amount and associated cumulative basis adjustments related to the application of hedge accounting that is included in the carrying amount of hedged assets and liabilities in fair value hedging relationships: 
 
 Location in Consolidated Statements of Condition Carrying Amount of Hedged Assets/(Liabilities) Cumulative Fair Value Hedging Adjustment in the Carrying Amount of the Hedged Assets/(Liabilities) (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Loans (1) 
 ) Total ) 
 (1) These amounts include the amortized cost basis of residential real estate loans that were used to designate hedging relationships in which the hedged item is the stated amount of assets in the closed portfolio anticipated to be outstanding for the designated hedged period. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amortized cost basis of the residential real estate loans used in these hedging relationships was million and million, respectively, and the amount of the designated hedged residential loans was million. 
 27 

Interest and fees on loans Interest rate contracts ) ) Interest on borrowings Interest rate contracts ) ) Interest on junior subordinated debentures Total ) ) For Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Interest rate contracts ) ) Interest and fees on loans ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) Interest on borrowings Interest rate contracts Interest on junior subordinated debentures Total ) ) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Interest rate contracts ) ) Interest and fees on loans ) ) Interest rate contracts Interest on borrowings Interest rate contracts Interest on junior subordinated debentures Total ) ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Interest rate contracts ) ) Interest and fees on loans ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) Interest on deposits Interest rate contracts Interest on borrowings Interest rate contracts Interest on junior subordinated debentures Total 
 
 28 

Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships Interest rate contracts: Hedged items ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships Interest rate contracts: Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income - included component 
 ) Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income - excluded component 
 
 Location and Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Interest and fees on loans Interest on borrowings Interest on junior subordinated debentures Interest and fees on loans Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Interest on junior subordinated debentures Total presented on the consolidated statements of income in which the effects of cash flow and fair value hedges are recorded 
 Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships Interest rate contracts: Hedged items ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships Interest rate contracts: Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income ) Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income - included component ) Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income - excluded component 

29 

) ) Fixed rate mortgage interest rate lock commitments Mortgage banking income, net ) ) Forward delivery commitments Mortgage banking income, net Total ) 
 
 Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features 
 
 By using derivatives, the Company is exposed to credit risk to the extent that counterparties to the derivative contracts do not perform as required. Should a counterparty fail to perform under the terms of a derivative contract, the Company s credit exposure on interest rate swaps is limited to the net positive fair value and accrued interest of all swaps with each counterparty. The Company seeks to minimize counterparty credit risk through credit approvals, limits, monitoring procedures, and obtaining collateral, where appropriate. As such, management believes the risk of incurring credit losses on derivative contracts with institutional counterparties is remote. 
 
 The Company has agreements with its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. In addition, the Company also has agreements with certain of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if the Company fails to maintain its status as a well- capitalized institution, then the counterparty could terminate the derivative position(s) and the Company could be required to settle its obligations under the agreements. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for non-performance risk, related to these agreements was million and million, respectively. The Company has minimum collateral posting thresholds with certain of its derivative counterparties, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, has posted any collateral. If the Company had breached any of these provisions as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023, it could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at their termination value of million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 10 

30 

) Customer loan swaps - commercial customer (3) 
 Interest rate contracts (2) 
 ) Total ) Derivative liabilities: Customer loan swaps - commercial customer (3) 
 Interest rate contracts (2) 
 Total Customer repurchase agreements 
 December 31, 2023 Derivative assets: Customer loan swaps - dealer bank (2) 
 ) Customer loan swaps - commercial customer (3) 
 Interest rate contracts (2) 
 ) Total ) Derivative liabilities: Customer loan swaps - commercial customer (3) 
 Interest rate contracts (2) 
 Total Customer repurchase agreements 
 
 (1) The amount presented was the lesser of the amount pledged (received) or the net amount presented in the consolidated statements of condition. 
 (2) The Company maintains master netting arrangements with each counterparty and settles collateral on a net basis for all contracts. 

NOTE 11 
 31 

, a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of , a minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of , and a minimum leverage ratio of in order to be "adequately capitalized." In addition to these requirements, banking organizations must maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of common Tier 1 equity in an amount above the minimum risk-based capital requirements for "adequately capitalized" institutions equal to 2.5 of total risk-weighted assets, resulting in a requirement for the Company and the Bank effectively to maintain common equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and total capital ratios of 7.0 , 8.5 and 10.5 , respectively. The Company and the Bank must maintain the capital conservation buffer to avoid restrictions on the ability to pay dividends, pay discretionary bonuses and to engage in share repurchases based on the amount of the shortfall and the institution's "eligible retained income" (that is, the greater of (i) net income for the preceding four quarters, net of distributions and associated tax effects not reflected in net income and (ii) average net income over the preceding four quarters). 
 
 The Company and Bank's risk-based capital ratios exceeded regulatory requirements, including the capital conservation buffer, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and the Bank's capital ratios met the requirements for it to be considered "well capitalized" under prompt corrective action provisions for each period. There were no changes to the Company or Bank's capital ratios that occurred subsequent to September 30, 2024 that would change the Company or Bank's regulatory capital categorization. 
 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 
 Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio (1) 
 N/A N/A Tier 1 leverage capital ratio (1) 
 N/A N/A Camden National Bank: Total risk-based capital ratio 
 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 
 Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 
 Tier 1 leverage capital ratio 
 
 (1) Minimum Regulatory Provisions to Be Well Capitalized are not formally defined under applicable banking regulations for bank holding companies. 
 
 In 2006 and 2008, the Company issued million of junior subordinated debentures in connection with the issuance of trust preferred securities. Although the junior subordinated debentures are recorded as liabilities on the Company's consolidated statements of condition, the Company is permitted, in accordance with applicable regulation, to include the debentures within its calculation of risk-based capital, subject to certain limits. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million of the junior subordinated debentures were included in Tier 1 and total risk-based capital for the Company. 
 
 The Company and Bank's regulatory capital and risk-weighted assets fluctuate due to normal business, including profits and losses generated by the Company and Bank as well as changes to their asset mix. Of particular significance are changes within the Company and Bank's loan portfolio mix due to the differences in regulatory risk-weighting between retail and commercial loans. Furthermore, the Company and Bank's regulatory capital and risk-weighted assets are subject to change due to changes in GAAP and regulatory capital standards. The Company and Bank proactively monitor their regulatory capital and risk-weighted assets, and the impact of changes to their asset mix, and the impact of proposed and pending changes as a result of new and/or amended GAAP standards and regulatory changes. 
 32 

NOTE 12 
 
 ) ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for amortization of securities transferred from AFS to HTM 
 ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for net realized losses (1) 
 ) ) Net change in fair value ) ) ) Cash Flow Hedges: Change in fair value ) ) Less: reclassified AOCI gain into interest expense (2) 
 ) ) Less: reclassified AOCI (loss) gain into interest income (3) 
 ) ) Net change in fair value ) ) ) Postretirement Plans: Amortization of settlement recognition of net loss and prior service credit (4) 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive gain (loss) 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) Reclassified into net loss on sale of securities in the consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 (2) Reclassified into interest on deposits, borrowings and/or junior subordinated debentures on the consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 (3) Reclassified into interest and fees on loans on the consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 (4) Reclassified into other expenses on the consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 14 of the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 33 

) ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for amortization of securities transferred from AFS to HTM 
 ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for net realized losses (1) 
 ) ) Net change in fair value ) ) ) Cash Flow Hedges: Change in fair value ) ) Less: reclassified AOCI gain (loss) into interest expense (2) 
 ) ) Less: reclassified AOCI (loss) gain into interest income (3) 
 ) ) ) ) Net change in fair value ) ) ) Postretirement Plans: Amortization of settlement recognition of net loss and prior service credit (4) 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) Reclassified into net loss on sale of securities in the consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 (2) Reclassified into interest on deposits, borrowings and/or junior subordinated debentures on the consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 (3) Reclassified into interest and fees on loans on the consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 (4) Reclassified into other expenses on the consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 14 of the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 34 

) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 
 Less: Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) As of or For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 
 Less: Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Other comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) As of or For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 
 ) ) Less: Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) As of or For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 
 ) ) Less: Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) All amounts are net of tax. 
 
 35 

NOTE 13 

Services charges on deposit accounts Service charges on deposit accounts Fiduciary services income Income from fiduciary services Investment program income Brokerage and insurance commissions Other non-interest income Other income Total non-interest income within the scope of ASC 606 
 Total non-interest income not in scope of ASC 606 (1) 
 ) Total non-interest income 
 (1) Non-interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes a 5.3 million pre-tax loss on the sale of investment securities. 

36 

NOTE 14 
 Interest cost Other expenses Total 
 (1) As of December 31, 2023, there are no active participants in the SERP. 
 
 Other Postretirement Benefit Plan: 
 (In thousands) Location on Consolidated Statements of Income Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Net periodic postretirement benefit cost 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service cost Salaries and employee benefits Interest cost Other expenses Recognized net actuarial gain 
 Other expenses ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit Other expenses ) ) ) ) Total 

NOTE 15 
 Dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities (1) 
 ) ) ) Net income available to common shareholders 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic EPS 
 Dilutive effect of stock-based awards (2) 
 Weighted-average common and potential common shares for diluted EPS 
 Earnings per common share: Basic EPS Diluted EPS Awards excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS (3) : 
 Performance-based awards 
 (1) Represents dividends paid and undistributed earnings allocated to non-vested stock-based awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends. 
 (2) Represents the assumed dilutive effect of restricted shares, restricted share units and contingently issuable performance-based awards utilizing the treasury stock method. 
 37 

Non-vested stock-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends are participating securities and are included in the computation of EPS pursuant to the two-class method. The two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that determines EPS for each class of common stock and participating security according to dividends declared (or accumulated) and participation rights in undistributed earnings. Certain of the Company s non-vested stock-based awards qualify as participating securities. 

NOTE 16 
 
 38 

39 

AFS debt securities: Obligations of states and political subdivisions MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 CMO issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 Corporate bonds Loans held for sale Customer loan swaps Interest rate contracts Fixed rate mortgage interest rate lock commitments Forward delivery commitments Financial liabilities: Deferred compensation Customer loan swaps Interest rate contracts Fixed rate mortgage interest rate lock commitments Forward delivery commitments December 31, 2023 Financial assets: Trading securities AFS debt securities: Obligations of states and political subdivisions MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 CMO issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises 
 Subordinated corporate bonds 
 Loans held for sale Customer loan swaps Interest rate contracts Fixed rate mortgage interest rate lock commitments Forward delivery commitments Financial liabilities: Deferred compensation Customer loan swaps Interest rate contracts Fixed rate mortgage interest rate lock commitments Forward delivery commitments 
 
 The Company did not have any transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The Company s policy for determining transfers between levels occurs at the end of the reporting period when circumstances in the underlying valuation criteria change and result in transfer between levels. 
 
 40 

December 31, 2023 Financial assets: 
 Collateral-dependent loans 
 
 Market approach appraisal of collateral Estimated selling costs December 31, 2023 Collateral-dependent loans: 
 Specifically reserved Market approach appraisal of collateral 
 Estimated selling costs 
 
 Non-Financial Instruments Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 
 Non-financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis may consist of OREO, goodwill and core deposit intangible assets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any material non-financial instruments measured and reported at fair value. 
 
 OREO : OREO properties acquired through foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure are recorded at net realizable value, which is the fair value of the real estate, less estimated costs to sell. Any write-down of the recorded investment in the related loan is charged to the ACL upon transfer to OREO. Upon acquisition of a property, a current appraisal is used, or an internal valuation is prepared to substantiate fair value of the property. After foreclosure, management periodically, but at least annually, obtains updated valuations of the OREO properties and, if additional impairments are deemed necessary, the 
 41 

42 

Commercial real estate loans (1)(2) 
 Commercial loans (2) 
 Residential real estate loans (2) 
 Home equity loans (2) 
 Consumer loans (2) 
 Servicing assets Financial liabilities: Time deposits Short-term borrowings Junior subordinated debentures 
 December 31, 2023 Financial assets: HTM debt securities Commercial real estate loans (1)(2) 
 Commercial loans (2) 
 Residential real estate loans (2) 
 Home equity loans (2) 
 Consumer loans (2) 
 Servicing assets Financial liabilities: Time deposits Short-term borrowings Junior subordinated debentures 
 
 (1) Commercial real estate loan includes non-owner-occupied and owner-occupied properties. 
 (2) The presented carrying amount is net of the allocated ACL on loans. 
 
 Excluded from the summary were financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis, as previously described. 
 
 The Company considers its financial instruments' current use to be the highest and best use of the instruments. 
 43 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 The discussions set forth below and in the documents we incorporate by reference herein contain certain statements that may be considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, including certain plans, exceptions, goals, projections, and statements, which are subject to numerous risks, assumptions, and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of the words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, assume, plan, target, potential or goal or future or conditional verbs such as will, may, might, should, could and other expressions which predict or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate to historical matters. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult for the Company to predict. The actual results, performance or achievements of the Company may differ materially from what is reflected in such forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements should not be relied on, because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond the control of the Company. These risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from the anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 
 The following factors, among others, could cause the Company s financial performance to differ materially from the Company s goals, plans, objectives, intentions, expectations and other forward-looking statements: 
 risks relating to the pending merger with NFI, including the following: 
 risk that the cost savings and other anticipated benefits from the merger may not be fully realized or may take longer than anticipated to be realized; 
 disruption to the Company s or NFI s business as a result of the announcement and pendency of the merger; 
 risk that the integration of NFI s business and operations into the Company s will be delayed or will be more costly or difficult than expected, or that the Company is unable to integrate NFI s business into the Company s successfully, including because of factors or events that may be beyond the Company s control; 
 the possibility that required regulatory approvals are not received on a timely basis, or at all, or are received subject to conditions that could adversely affect the Company or the expected benefits of the merger; 
 the possibility that NFI shareholder approval is not received; 
 the failure of closing conditions to the merger to be satisfied, or any unexpected delay in completing the merger or the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement between the Company and NFI; 
 the dilution caused by the issuance of additional shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the merger; 
 the possibility that the merger may be more expensive to complete than anticipated, including because of factors or events that may be beyond the Company s control; 
 risks related to management and oversight of the Company s expanded business and operations following the merger due to increased size and geographical scope; 
 the risk that expectations regarding the timing, completion and accounting and tax treatments of the merger are not met; 
 the risk that any announcements relating to the merger could have adverse effects on the market price of the Company s common stock; 
 the diversion of management s attention from ongoing business operations and other opportunities; 
 the risk that revenues following the merger may be lower than expected and/or the risk that certain expenses of NFI or the combined company may be greater than expected; 
 44 

the Company s success in managing the foregoing risks; 
 effects of the announcement, pendency or completion of the merger on the Company s or NFI s ability to retain customers and key employees; and 
 other factors that may affect the Company s or NFI s future results; 
 weakness in the United States economy in general and the regional and local economies within the New England region and Maine, which could result in a deterioration of credit quality, an increase in the allowance for credit losses or a reduced demand for the Company s credit or fee-based products and services; 
 changes in trade, monetary, and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; 
 inflation, interest rate, market, and monetary fluctuations; 
 ongoing competition in the labor markets and increased employee turnover; 
 the adequacy of succession planning for key executives or other personnel, and the Company s ability to transition effectively to new members of the senior executive team; 
 competitive pressures, including continued industry consolidation and the increased financial services provided by non-banks; 
 deterioration in the value of the Company's investment securities; 
 commercial real estate vacancies and their impact on the ability of borrowers to repay their loans; 
 volatility in the securities markets that could adversely affect the value or credit quality of the Company s assets, impairment of goodwill, or the availability and terms of funding necessary to meet the Company s liquidity needs; 
 changes in information technology and other operational risks, including cybersecurity, that require increased capital spending; 
 changes in consumer spending and savings habits; 
 changes in tax, banking, securities and insurance laws and regulations; 
 the outcome of pending and future litigation and governmental proceedings, including tax-related examinations and other matters; 
 changes in accounting policies, practices and standards, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies as well as the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"), and other accounting standard setters; 
 the effects of climate change on the Company and its customers, borrowers or service providers; 
 the effects of civil unrest, international hostilities, including the war in Ukraine and conflict in the Middle East, or other geopolitical events; 
 the effects of epidemics and pandemics; 
 turmoil and volatility in the financial services industry, including failures or rumors of failures of other depository institutions, which could affect the ability of depository institutions, including Camden National Bank, to attract and retain depositors, and could affect the ability of financial services providers, including the Company, to borrow or raise capital; 
 actions taken by governmental agencies to stabilize the financial system and the effectiveness of such actions; 
 increases in deposit insurance assessments due to bank failures; 
 changes to regulatory capital requirements in response to recent developments affecting the banking sector; and 
 questions about the soundness of one or more financial institutions with which the Company does business. 
 
 In addition, statements regarding the potential effects of notable national and global current events on the Company s business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may constitute forward-looking statements and are subject to the risk that the actual effects may differ, possibly materially, from what is reflected in those forward-looking statements due to factors and future developments that are uncertain, unpredictable and in many cases beyond the Company's control. 
 
 45 

You should carefully review all of these factors, and be aware that there may be other factors that could cause differences, including the risk factors listed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as updated by the Company's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, including this report, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers should carefully review the risk factors described therein and should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. 
 
 These forward-looking statements were based on information, plans and estimates at the date of this report, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events or other changes, except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation. 
 46 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES AND RECONCILIATION TO GAAP 
 
 In addition to evaluating the Company s results of operations in accordance with GAAP, management supplements this evaluation with an analysis of certain non-GAAP financial measures such as: core net income; core diluted earnings per share; core return on average assets; core return on average equity; pre-tax, pre-provision income; return on average tangible equity and core return on average tangible equity; the efficiency and tangible common equity ratios; net interest income (fully-taxable equivalent); tangible book value per share; core deposits and average core deposits. We utilize these non-GAAP financial measures for purposes of measuring performance against the Company's peer group and other financial institutions, as well as for analyzing its internal performance. The Company also believes these non-GAAP financial measures help investors better understand the Company's operating performance and trends and allows for better performance comparisons to other banks. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures remove the impact of unusual items that may obscure trends in the Company s underlying performance. These disclosures should not be viewed as a substitute for GAAP operating results, nor are they necessarily comparable to non-GAAP performance measures that may be presented by other financial institutions. 
 
 47 

Core Net Income; Core Diluted Earnings per Share; Core Return on Average Assets; and Core Return on Average Equity. The following table provides a reconciliation of net income, diluted EPS, return on average assets and return on average equity to core net income, core diluted EPS, core return on average assets and core return on average equity. Certain transactions have been excluded to calculate core net income, core diluted EPS, core return on average assets and core return on average equity. We believe the following adjusted financial metrics assist users of our financial statements with their financial analysis period-over-period as it adjusts for certain non-recurring items. 
 
 For the Three Months Ended For the 
 Nine Months Ended 
 (In thousands, except number of shares, per share data and ratios) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Core Net Income: 
 Net income, as presented 13,073 9,787 38,338 34,903 Adjustment for net loss on sale of securities 5,335 5,335 Adjustment for Signature Bank bond (recovery) write-off (910) 1,838 Adjustment for merger and acquisition costs 
 727 727 Tax impact of above adjustments (1) 
 (153) (1,120) 38 (1,506) Core net income 
 13,647 14,002 38,193 40,570 Core Diluted Earnings per Share: 
 Diluted earnings per share, as presented 0.90 0.67 2.62 2.39 Adjustment for net loss on sale of securities 0.37 0.37 Adjustment for Signature Bank bond (recovery) write-off (0.06) 0.13 Adjustment for merger and acquisition costs 
 0.05 0.05 Tax impact of above adjustments (1) 
 (0.01) (0.08) (0.12) Core diluted earnings per share 
 0.94 0.96 2.61 2.77 Core Return on Average Assets: 
 Return on average assets, as presented 0.91 0.68 0.89 0.82 Adjustment for net loss on sale of securities 0.37 0.13 Adjustment for Signature Bank bond (recovery) write-off (0.02) 0.04 Adjustment for merger and acquisition costs 
 0.05 0.02 Tax impact of above adjustments (1) 
 (0.01) (0.08) (0.04) Core return on average assets 
 0.95 0.97 0.89 0.95 Adjusted Return on Average Equity: Return on average equity, as presented 10.04 8.25 10.13 10.00 Adjustment for net loss on sale of securities 4.50 1.53 Adjustment for Signature Bank bond (recovery) write-off (0.24) 0.53 Adjustment for merger and acquisition costs 
 0.56 0.19 Tax impact of above adjustments (1) 
 (0.12) (0.95) 0.01 (0.43) Core return on average equity 
 10.48 11.80 10.09 11.63 
 1) Assumed a 21 tax rate. 

48 

Pre-Tax, Pre-Provision Income. Pre-tax, pre-provision income is a supplemental measure of operating earnings and performance. Pre-tax, pre-provision income is calculated as net income before provision for credit losses and income tax expense. This supplemental measure has become more widely used by financial institutions as a measure of financial performance for comparability across financial institutions. 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income, as presented 13,073 9,787 38,338 34,903 Adjustment for provision (credit) for credit losses 239 (574) (1,213) 1,531 Adjustment for income tax expense 2,781 2,236 8,720 8,653 Pre-tax, pre-provision income 16,093 11,449 45,845 45,087 
 
 Efficiency Ratio . The efficiency ratio represents an approximate measure of the cost required for the Company to generate a dollar of revenue. This is a common measure within the financial services industry and is a key ratio for evaluating Company performance. The efficiency ratio is calculated as the ratio of (i) total non-interest expense, adjusted for certain operating expenses, as necessary, to (ii) net interest income on a tax equivalent basis plus total non-interest income, adjusted for certain other income items, as necessary. 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Non-interest expense, as presented 28,900 26,207 83,572 79,515 Adjustment for merger and acquisition costs 
 727 727 Adjusted non-interest expense 
 28,173 26,207 82,845 79,515 Net interest income, as presented 33,587 32,584 97,044 99,554 Adjustment for the effect of tax-exempt income (1) 
 165 237 475 701 Non-interest income, as presented 11,406 5,072 32,373 25,048 Adjustment for net loss on sale of securities 5,335 5,335 Adjusted net interest income plus non-interest income 45,158 43,228 129,892 130,638 Ratio of non-interest expense to total revenues (2) 
 64.23 69.60 64.58 63.82 Efficiency ratio 62.39 60.63 63.78 60.87 
 (1) Assumed a 21 tax rate. 
 (2) Revenue is the sum of net interest income and non-interest income . 
 
 Return on Average Tangible Equity: Return on average tangible equity is the ratio of (i) net income, adjusted for (a) amortization of core deposit intangible assets and the tax impact of the adjustment and (b) goodwill impairment, as necessary, to (ii) average shareholders' equity, adjusted for average goodwill and core deposit intangible assets. This adjusted financial ratio reflects a shareholder's return on tangible capital deployed in our business and is a common measure within the financial services industry. 
 
 Adjusted Return on Average Tangible Equity: Adjusted return on average tangible equity is the ratio of (i) core net income (as defined in the table above) adjusted for (a) amortization of core deposit intangible assets and the tax impact of the adjustment and (b) goodwill impairment, as necessary, to (ii) average shareholders' equity, adjusted for average goodwill and core deposit intangible assets. 
 
 49 

Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Return on Average Tangible Equity: Net income, as presented 13,073 9,787 38,338 34,903 Adjustment for amortization of core deposit intangible assets 139 148 417 444 Tax impact of above adjustment (1) 
 (29) (31) (88) (93) Net income, adjusted for amortization of core deposit intangible assets 13,183 9,904 38,667 35,254 Average equity, as presented 518,222 470,750 505,452 466,563 Adjustment for average goodwill and core deposit intangible assets (95,319) (95,888) (95,460) (96,037) Average tangible equity 422,903 374,862 409,992 370,526 Return on average equity 10.04 8.25 10.13 10.00 Return on average tangible equity 12.40 10.48 12.60 12.72 Core Return on Average Tangible Equity: 
 Core net income (see "Core Net Income" table above) 
 13,647 14,002 38,193 40,570 Adjustment for amortization of core deposit intangible assets 139 148 417 444 Tax impact of above adjustment (1) 
 (29) (31) (88) (93) Core net income, adjusted for amortization of core deposit intangible assets 
 13,757 14,119 38,522 40,921 Core return on average tangible equity 
 12.94 14.94 12.55 14.77 
 (1) Assumed a 21 tax rate. 
 
 Tangible Book Value per Share . Tangible book value per share is the ratio of (i) shareholders equity less goodwill and other intangibles to (ii) total common shares outstanding at period end. Tangible book value per share is a common measure within the financial services industry to assess the value of a company, as it removes goodwill and other intangible assets generated within purchase accounting upon a business combination. 
 
 Tangible Common Equity Ratio. Tangible common equity is the ratio of (i) shareholders equity less goodwill and other intangible assets to (ii) total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets. This ratio is a measure used within the financial services industry to assess a company's capital adequacy. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except number of shares, per share data and ratios) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Tangible Book Value Per Share: Shareholders equity, as presented 529,900 495,064 Adjustment for goodwill and core deposit intangible assets (95,251) (95,668) Tangible shareholders equity 434,649 399,396 Shares outstanding at period end 14,577,218 14,565,952 Book value per share 36.35 33.99 Tangible book value per share 29.82 27.42 Tangible Common Equity Ratio: Total assets 5,745,180 5,714,506 Adjustment for goodwill and core deposit intangible assets (95,251) (95,668) Tangible assets 5,649,929 5,618,838 Common equity ratio 9.22 8.66 Tangible common equity ratio 7.69 7.11 

50 

Core Deposits. Core deposits are used by management to measure the portion of the Company's total deposits that management believes to be more stable and at a lower interest rate cost. The Company calculates core deposits as total deposits (as reported on the consolidated statements of condition) less certificates of deposit and brokered deposits. Management believes core deposits is a useful measure to assess the Company's deposit base, including its potential volatility. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 
 2024 
 December 31, 2023 Total deposits 4,575,226 4,597,360 Adjustment for certificates of deposit (553,481) (609,503) Adjustment for brokered deposits (168,674) (101,919) Core deposits 3,853,071 3,885,938 
 
 Average Core Deposits. Average core deposits are used by management to measure the portion of the Company's total deposits that management believes to be more stable and at a lower interest rate cost. The Company calculates average core deposits as total average deposits (excluding average brokered deposits, as disclosed on the Average Balance, Interest and Yield/Rate Analysis tables) less average certificates of deposit. Management believes core deposits is a useful measure to assess the Company's deposit base, including its potential volatility. 
 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total average deposits (1) 
 4,379,935 4,483,614 4,366,635 4,476,668 Adjustment average certificates of deposit (565,063) (497,301) (577,007) (409,909) Average core deposits 3,814,872 3,986,313 3,789,628 4,066,759 
 (1) Brokered deposits are excluded from total average deposits, as presented on the Average Balance, Interest and Yield/Rate analysis table. 
 51 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 Critical accounting policies are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties, and could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. In preparing the Company s consolidated financial statements, management is required to make significant estimates and assumptions that affect assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses reported. Actual results could differ materially from our current estimates as a result of changing conditions and future events. Several estimates are particularly critical and are susceptible to significant near-term change, including (i) the ACL, including the ACL on loans, off-balance sheet credit exposures and investments; (ii) accounting for acquisitions and the subsequent review of goodwill and intangible assets generated in an acquisition for impairment; (iii) income taxes; and (iv) accounting for defined benefit and postretirement plans. 
 
 There have been no material changes to the Company's critical accounting policies from those disclosed within its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Refer to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, for discussion of the Company's critical accounting policies. 
 
 Refer to Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for discussion of accounting pronouncements issued but yet to be adopted and implemented. 

GENERAL OVERVIEW 
 
 Camden National Corporation (hereafter referred to as we, our, us, or the Company is a publicly-held bank holding company, with approximately 5.7 billion in assets as of September 30, 2024, incorporated under the laws of the State of Maine and headquartered in Camden, Maine. Camden National Bank (the "Bank"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was founded in 1875. The Company was founded in 1984, went public in 1997 and is registered with NASDAQ Global Market NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "CAC." 
 
 The primary business of the Company and the Bank is to attract deposits from, and to extend loans to, consumer, institutional, municipal, non-profit and commercial customers. The Company, through the Bank, provides a broad array of banking and other financial services, including wealth management and trust services, brokerage, investment advisory and insurance services, to consumer, business, non-profit and municipal customers. 
 
 The Company operates throughout Maine, with its primary markets and presence being throughout coastal and central Maine and select areas of New Hampshire. The Company and the Bank generally have effectively competed with other financial institutions by emphasizing customer service, highlighted by local decision-making, establishing long-term customer relationships, building customer loyalty and providing products and services designed to meet the needs of customers. 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 
 On September 10, 2024, we announced the acquisition of Northway Financial, Inc. NFI with an expected closing date in the first quarter of 2025, subject to Northway shareholder approval, receiving required regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. NFI is the parent company of Northway Bank, a New Hampshire state-chartered bank, with 16 branches in New Hampshire. The merger will allow the Company to build upon its presence in New England and is forecasted to improve its future financial profile. 
 
 Net income and diluted EPS for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 38.3 million and 2.62, respectively, each an increase of 10 over the same period in 2023. Our operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, included certain non-recurring events, which included merger-related costs of 727,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliation to GAAP" for additional details). On a non-GAAP basis, core net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 38.2 million and core diluted EPS was 2.61, each a decrease of 6 compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 The Company s financial results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 continued to be impacted by the change in the interest rate environment between periods, which directly affected net interest income. Net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 3 compared to the same period of 2023, and was primarily driven by net interest margin compression of seven basis points between periods to 2.37 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Our net interest margin bottomed-out in the first quarter of 2024 at 2.30 , and we have seen steady improvements since that time as highlighted by a reported net interest margin of 2.46 for the third quarter of 2024. We have taken actions to optimize our net interest margin throughout 2023 and 2024, including, but not limited to: (1) redeploying investment cash flows to fund 
 52 

new loan originations at current market interest rates; (2) maintaining disciplined new loan origination pricing; (3) introducing a new high-yield savings deposit account focused on driving new and expanding existing relationships; (4) repricing and driving the outflow of certain high-cost, non-core deposit customer relationships and replacing funding with more cost-effective alternatives; and (5) leveraging interest rate swap derivatives. We continue to be liability sensitive as of September 30, 2024 (refer to Risk Management interest Rate Risk and anticipate the recent 50 basis point cut of the Federal Funds Rate that occurred in mid-September 2024, and future Federal Funds Rate cuts, to prove beneficial to our net interest margin in future periods. 
 
 Asset quality continues to be a top focus in the current economic cycle. We continue to actively monitor our loan portfolio, including those segments and industries that have been identified as having higher credit risk in the current economic cycle (such as nonowner occupied commercial real estate office loans), through reviews and stress analyses. Through these reviews and analyses, we have not identified any increased risks or signs of systemic distress within any segments in our loan portfolios as of September 30, 2024. We continue to maintain our lending discipline and did not have any credit concentrations exceeding internal or regulatory limits as of September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we continued to track favorably across our key credit quality indicator metrics, highlighted by past due loans of 0.03 of total loans, non-performing assets of 0.12 of total assets, and annualized net charge-offs of 0.03 . When combining these strong credit quality metrics, with a more favorable macroeconomic forecast since December 31, 2023, the allowance for credit losses ("ACL") on loans decreased to 0.86 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 0.90 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 We continue to maintain a strong capital position with all regulatory capital ratios exceeding regulatory levels and growing over the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Additionally, the change in the interest rate environment since December 31, 2023, has provided relief with regard to the valuation of the Company s investment portfolio and has resulted in elevated levels of shareholders equity and tangible capital. The Company s common equity ratio increased 56 basis points since December 31, 2023 to 9.22 at September 30, 2024, and its tangible common equity ratio increased 58 basis points over the same period to 7.69 at September 30, 2024. 
 
 53 

The following table outlines other key financial metrics for the periods indicated: As of or for the 
 Three Months Ended 
 (In thousands, except per share data and ratios) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Change Sep 2024 vs. Dec 2023 
 Change Sep 2024 vs. Sep 2023 
 Earnings and Profitability Net income 13,073 8,480 9,787 54 34 Core net income (non-GAAP) 
 13,647 12,410 14,002 10 (3) Diluted EPS 0.90 0.58 0.67 55 34 Core diluted EPS (non-GAAP) 
 0.94 0.85 0.96 11 (2) Return on average assets 0.91 0.59 0.68 0.32 0.23 Core return on average assets (non-GAAP) 
 0.95 0.87 0.97 0.08 (0.02) Return on average equity 10.04 7.20 8.25 2.84 1.79 Core return on average equity (non-GAAP) 
 10.48 10.53 11.80 (0.05) (1.32) Return on average tangible equity (non-GAAP) 12.40 9.18 10.48 3.22 1.92 Core return on average tangible equity (non-GAAP) 
 12.94 13.38 14.94 (0.44) (2.00) Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 62.39 63.48 60.63 (1.09) 1.76 Balance Sheet and Liquidity Loans 4,116,729 4,098,094 4,058,413 1 Deposits 4,575,226 4,597,360 4,678,406 (2) Cash dividends declared per share 0.42 0.42 0.42 Uninsured and uncollateralized deposits to total deposits 15.27 14.56 15.33 0.71 (0.06) Available liquidity sources to uninsured and uncollateralized deposits 204.17 201.67 214.54 2.50 (10.37) Credit Quality and Capital Non-performing assets to total assets 0.12 0.13 0.11 (0.01) 0.01 Loans 30-89 days past due to total loans 0.03 0.12 0.09 (0.09) Allowance for credit losses on loans to total loans 0.86 0.90 0.90 (0.04) (0.04) Total risk-based capital ratio 14.85 14.36 14.19 0.49 0.66 Tangible common equity ratio (non-GAAP) 7.69 7.11 6.47 0.58 1.23 

54 

As of or for the 
 Nine Months Ended 
 (In thousands, except per share data and ratios) 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Sep 2024 vs. Sep 2023 
 Earnings and Profitability Net income 38,338 34,903 10 Core net income (non-GAAP) 
 38,193 40,570 (6) Diluted EPS 2.62 2.39 10 Core diluted EPS (non-GAAP) 
 2.61 2.77 (6) Return on average assets 0.89 0.82 Core return on average assets (non-GAAP) 
 0.89 0.95 (0.06) Return on average equity 10.13 10.00 0.13 Core return on average equity (non-GAAP) 
 10.09 11.63 (1.54) Return on average tangible equity (non-GAAP) 12.60 12.72 (0.12) Core return on average tangible equity (non-GAAP) 
 12.55 14.77 (2.22) Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 63.78 60.87 2.91 Balance Sheet and Liquidity Loans 4,116,729 4,058,413 1 Deposits 4,575,226 4,678,406 (2) Cash dividends declared per share 1.26 1.26 Uninsured and uncollateralized deposits to total deposits 15.27 15.33 (0.06) Available liquidity sources to uninsured and uncollateralized deposits 204.17 214.54 (10.37) Credit Quality and Capital Non-performing assets to total assets 0.12 0.11 0.01 Loans 30-89 days past due to total loans 0.03 0.09 Allowance for credit losses on loans to total loans 0.86 0.90 (0.04) Total risk-based capital ratio 14.85 14.19 0.66 Tangible common equity ratio (non-GAAP) 7.69 6.47 1.22 
 55 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin 
 Net interest income is the interest earned on loans, securities, and other interest-earning assets, adjusted for net loan fees, origination costs, and accretion or amortization of fair value marks on loans and/or CDs created in purchase accounting, less the interest paid on interest-bearing deposits and borrowings. Net interest income is our largest source of revenue ("revenue" is defined as the sum of net interest income and non-interest income). For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, net interest income was 75 of total revenues, compared to 87 for the same period in 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net interest income was 75 of total revenues, compared to 80 for the first nine months of 2023. Net interest income is affected by factors including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, loan and deposit pricing strategies and competitive conditions, loan prepayment speeds, the volume and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and the level of non-performing assets. 
 
 Net interest margin is calculated as net interest income on a fully-taxable equivalent basis (non-GAAP) as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. 
 
 Net Interest Income (Fully-Taxable Equivalent). Net interest income on a fully-taxable equivalent basis for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 33.8 million, an increase of 931,000, or 3 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. Between periods the Company s net interest margin on a fully-taxable equivalent basis increased 7 basis points to 2.46 for the third quarter of 2024. 
 Interest income on a fully-taxable equivalent basis increased 6.1 million, or 10 , between periods primarily driven by the higher interest rate environment between years. For the third quarter of 2024, the Company s yield on average interest-earning assets was 4.69 , compared to 4.23 for the same period in 2023. 
 The Company s average loan yield was 5.29 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 44 basis points over the same period in 2023. In mid-June 2024, a 100.0 million balance sheet interest rate swap on the commercial real estate loan portfolio matured, and the third quarter of 2024 marked the first complete quarter in which the benefit of this maturity was realized, contributing to improved expansion between periods. Throughout 2024, we redeployed loan and investment cash flows primarily to fund new loan originations at current market interest rates and further support our loan yield expansion. 
 The Company s average investment yield was 2.59 for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 32 basis points over the same period in 2023. The increase between periods is the result of the continued cash flow from lower-yielding investments combined with the sale of investments in the second half of 2023 to reposition the Company's balance sheet. The increase in our investment yield drove an increase in interest income on investments year-over-year and fully offset the impact of a decrease in average investment balances of 7 between periods. 
 Interest expense increased 5.0 million between periods primarily due to a 42 basis point increase in our average cost of funds to 2.35 for the second quarter of 2024. Our deposit and borrowing costs increased throughout the past year due to the higher interest rate environment. 
 The Company s average deposit costs for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 were 2.09 , compared to 1.67 for the same period in 2023. Deposit costs continued to be inflated throughout the first nine months 2024 due to prolonged higher short-term interest rates. Increases in deposit costs over the past year were also the result of strong deposit competition within our markets, and more broadly across depository institutions, as well as changes in the deposit mix as depositors have been more conscious to move excess cash into higher interest-earning deposit accounts. 
 The Company s average cost of borrowings for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 3.90 , compared to 3.70 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven by the continued higher short-term interest rates between years and the change in mix of borrowings. 
 
 Net Interest Income (Fully-Taxable Equivalent). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company's net interest income on a fully-taxable equivalent basis was 97.5 million, a decrease of 2.7 million, or 3 , compared to the same period in 2023. Between periods, the Company s net interest margin on a fully-taxable equivalent basis decreased 7 basis points to 2.37 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Interest expense increased 22.1 million between periods primarily due to a 58 basis point increase in our average cost of funds to 2.32 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which included an increase in average deposit costs of 58 basis points between periods to 2.04 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 56 

Interest income on a fully-taxable equivalent basis increased 19.6 million between periods primarily driven by interest-earning assets yield expansion of 48 basis points to 4.57 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This increase in yields more than offset the decrease in average interest-earning assets of 10.5 million. Between periods, our average loan yield expanded 46 basis points to 5.15 for nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the first nine months of 2024, our investment yield expanded to 2.61 , an increase of 39 basis points over the same period in 2023. These increased yields reflect the increase in interest rates between periods and the maturity of lower yielding assets. 

57 

Quarterly Average Balance, Interest and Yield/Rate Analysis 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate Assets Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in other banks and other interest-earning assets 48,914 583 4.66 48,401 500 4.04 Investments - taxable 1,138,979 7,192 2.53 1,177,367 6,306 2.14 Investments - nontaxable (1) 
 61,864 584 3.78 102,872 947 3.68 Loans (2) : 
 Commercial real estate 1,706,509 23,610 5.41 1,658,125 20,496 4.84 Commercial (1) 
 375,944 6,254 6.51 391,491 6,082 6.08 Municipal (1) 
 17,186 223 5.17 18,888 210 4.41 Residential real estate 1,780,665 20,151 4.53 1,762,860 18,441 4.18 Consumer and home equity 264,178 5,289 7.96 252,357 4,924 7.74 Total loans 4,144,482 55,527 5.29 4,083,721 50,153 4.85 Total interest-earning assets 5,394,239 63,886 4.69 5,412,361 57,906 4.23 Cash and due from banks 64,063 75,633 Other assets 288,590 265,781 Less: ACL (35,334) (36,975) Total assets 5,711,558 5,716,800 Liabilities Shareholders' Equity Deposits: Non-interest checking 934,403 1,019,450 Interest checking 1,440,374 9,283 2.56 1,584,314 9,669 2.42 Savings 679,118 1,614 0.95 661,126 225 0.14 Money market 760,977 6,613 3.46 721,423 5,182 2.85 Certificates of deposit 565,063 5,473 3.85 497,301 3,828 3.05 Total deposits 4,379,935 22,983 2.09 4,483,614 18,904 1.67 Borrowings: Brokered deposits 156,618 2,068 5.25 161,623 2,065 5.07 Customer repurchase agreements 190,936 921 1.92 193,297 822 1.69 Junior subordinated debentures 
 44,331 534 4.79 44,331 539 4.83 Other borrowings 336,899 3,628 4.28 263,705 2,755 4.14 Total borrowings 728,784 7,151 3.90 662,956 6,181 3.70 Total funding liabilities 5,108,719 30,134 2.35 5,146,570 25,085 1.93 Other liabilities 84,617 99,480 Shareholders' equity 518,222 470,750 Total liabilities shareholders' equity 5,711,558 5,716,800 Net interest income (fully-taxable equivalent) 33,752 32,821 Less: fully-taxable equivalent adjustment (165) (237) Net interest income 33,587 32,584 Net interest rate spread (fully-taxable equivalent) 2.34 2.30 Net interest margin (fully-taxable equivalent) 2.46 2.39 
 (1) Reported on tax-equivalent basis calculated using a 21 tax rate, including certain commercial loans. 
 (2) Non-accrual loans and loans held for sale are included in total average loans. 

58 

Year-to-Date Average Balance, Interest and Yield/Rate Analysis Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate Assets Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in other banks and other interest-earning assets 47,893 1,840 5.05 30,002 1,088 4.78 Investments - taxable 1,163,118 22,222 2.55 1,209,000 18,996 2.09 Investments - nontaxable (1) 
 62,014 1,757 3.78 104,518 2,878 3.67 Loans (2) : 
 Commercial real estate 1,696,882 66,511 5.15 1,658,188 59,494 4.73 Commercial (1) 
 384,402 18,591 6.35 402,331 17,681 5.80 Municipal (1) 
 16,067 580 4.82 17,467 524 4.01 Residential real estate 1,775,502 59,569 4.47 1,742,340 52,371 4.01 Consumer and home equity 260,635 15,471 7.93 253,137 14,118 7.46 Total loans 4,133,488 160,722 5.15 4,073,463 144,188 4.69 Total interest-earning assets 5,406,513 186,541 4.57 5,416,983 167,150 4.09 Cash and due from banks 68,596 61,290 Other assets 282,728 264,665 Less: ACL (35,937) (37,172) Total assets 5,721,900 5,705,766 Liabilities Shareholders' Equity Deposits: Non-interest checking 923,207 1,031,700 Interest checking 1,469,812 27,939 2.54 1,637,231 27,339 2.23 Savings 634,478 2,729 0.57 693,468 526 0.10 Money market 762,131 19,325 3.39 704,360 13,226 2.51 Certificates of deposit 577,007 16,597 3.84 409,909 7,799 2.54 Total deposits 4,366,635 66,590 2.04 4,476,668 48,890 1.46 Borrowings: Brokered deposits 146,969 5,808 5.28 206,206 7,156 4.64 Customer repurchase agreements 186,401 2,486 1.78 189,532 2,010 1.42 Junior subordinated debentures 44,331 1,592 4.80 44,331 1,600 4.83 Other borrowings 379,751 12,546 4.41 237,546 7,239 4.07 Total borrowings 757,452 22,432 3.96 677,615 18,005 3.55 Total funding liabilities 5,124,087 89,022 2.32 5,154,283 66,895 1.74 Other liabilities 92,361 84,920 Shareholders' equity 505,452 466,563 Total liabilities shareholders' equity 5,721,900 5,705,766 Net interest income (fully-taxable equivalent) 97,519 100,255 Less: fully-taxable equivalent adjustment (475) (701) Net interest income 97,044 99,554 Net interest rate spread (fully-taxable equivalent) 2.25 2.35 Net interest margin (fully-taxable equivalent) 2.37 2.44 
 (1) Reported on tax-equivalent basis calculated using a 21 tax rate, including certain commercial loans. 
 (2) Non-accrual loans and loans held for sale are included in total average loans. 

59 

The following table presents certain information on a fully-taxable equivalent basis regarding changes in interest income and interest expense for the periods indicated. For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided with respect to changes attributable to rate and volume. The (a) changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by prior period's rate), (b) changes in rates (change in rate multiplied prior period's volume), and (c) changes in rate/volume (change in rate multiplied by the change in volume), which is allocated to the change due to rate column. 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 vs. September 30, 2023 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 vs. September 30, 2023 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to: Net Increase (Decrease) Increase (Decrease) Due to: Net Increase (Decrease) (In thousands) Volume Rate Volume Rate Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in other banks and other interest-earning assets 5 78 83 641 111 752 Investments taxable (205) 1,091 886 (719) 3,945 3,226 Investments nontaxable (377) 14 (363) (1,170) 49 (1,121) Commercial real estate 598 2,516 3,114 1,393 5,624 7,017 Commercial (242) 414 172 (791) 1,701 910 Municipal (19) 32 13 (42) 98 56 Residential real estate 186 1,524 1,710 997 6,201 7,198 Consumer and home equity 230 135 365 419 934 1,353 Total interest income (fully-taxable equivalent) 176 5,804 5,980 728 18,663 19,391 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest checking (876) 490 (386) (2,795) 3,395 600 Savings 6 1,383 1,389 (44) 2,247 2,203 Money market 283 1,148 1,431 1,086 5,013 6,099 Certificates of deposit 520 1,125 1,645 3,177 5,621 8,798 Brokered deposits (64) 67 3 (2,058) 710 (1,348) Customer repurchase agreements (10) 109 99 (33) 509 476 Junior subordinated debentures (5) (5) (8) (8) Other borrowings 763 110 873 4,333 974 5,307 Total interest expense 622 4,427 5,049 3,666 18,461 22,127 Net interest income (fully-taxable equivalent) (446) 1,377 931 (2,938) 202 (2,736) 
 
 Net interest income on a fully-taxable equivalent basis included the following for the periods indicated: 
 Income Statement Location Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 (In thousands) 2024 
 2023 
 2024 2023 Interest income from residential real estate derivatives 
 Interest income 
 1,523 1,412 4,566 3,095 Loan fees (costs) 
 Interest income 1,344 241 2,248 (70) Net fair value mark accretion from purchase accounting 
 Interest income and Interest expense 54 29 97 110 Recoveries on previously charged-off acquired loans 
 Interest income 8 31 109 68 Total 2,929 1,713 7,020 3,203 
 
 60 

Provision (Credit) for Credit Losses 
 The provision (credit) for credit losses was made up of the following components for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Change Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 
 Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Provision (credit) for loan losses (1) 
 283 (456) 739 (162) (693) 288 (981) (341) (Credit) provision for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures (2) 
 (44) (118) 74 (63) 390 (595) 985 (166) (Credit) provision for HTM debt securities (3) 
 (910) 1,838 (2,748) (150) Provision (credit) for credit losses 
 239 (574) 813 (142) (1,213) 1,531 (2,744) (179) 
 (1) Provision (credit) for loan losses: The Company recorded provision expense of 283,000 driven by increasing reserves on loans more adversely rated. The release of 456,000 in provision for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by the economic forecast improving from in the quarter and continued strong asset quality. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, negative provision expense (i.e., credit for credit losses) of 693,000 was recorded and was primarily driven by the continued strong asset quality and the continued improvement of the macroeconomic forecast seen in 2024. The provision of 288,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was driven by 1 loan growth along with the economic forecast worsening slightly in the first nine months of 2023. 
 (2) (Credit) provision for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures: As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the ACL on off-balance sheet credit exposures was 2.7 million. The credit for credit losses recorded for the third quarter of 2024 was primarily due to the decrease in the commercial and residential loan pipelines of 24 million from the second quarter of 2024. The provision for credit losses recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was driven by a 76.9 million increase in unfunded commitments during the period. 
 (3) (Credit) provision for HTM debt securities: In the first quarter of 2023, the Company fully wrote-off its Signature Bank corporate bond totaling 1.8 million, upon the announcement of Signature Bank s failure. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company sold its Signature Bank corporate bond and recovered proceeds of 910,000. 

Non-Interest Income 
 The following table presents the components of non-interest income for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Debit card income 3,169 3,130 39 1 9,104 9,147 (43) Service charges on deposit accounts (1) 
 2,168 2,040 128 6 6,308 5,737 571 10 Income from fiduciary services (2) 
 1,817 1,641 176 11 5,436 5,016 420 8 Brokerage and insurance commissions (3) 
 1,414 1,217 197 16 4,094 3,462 632 18 Bank-owned life insurance 709 644 65 10 2,086 1,849 237 13 Mortgage banking income, net (4) 
 973 583 390 67 2,297 1,889 408 22 Net loss on sale of securities (5) 
 (5,335) 5,335 N.M. (5,335) 5,335 N.M. Other income (6) 
 1,156 1,152 4 3,048 3,283 (235) (7) Total non-interest income 11,406 5,072 6,334 125 32,373 25,048 7,325 29 Non-interest income as a percentage of total revenues 25 13 25 20 
 (1) Service charges on deposit accounts: The increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, over the same periods in 2023, was driven by the increase in deposit customers overdraft utilization and cash management fees earned on corporate and municipal clients. 
 (2) Income from fiduciary services: The increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 over the same periods in 2023, was driven by the increase in assets under management of 6 and 12 respectively, to 1.2 billion as of September 30, 2024. 
 61 

(3) Brokerage and insurance commissions: The increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 over the same periods in 2023, was driven by the increase in assets under administration of 6 and 14 , respectively, to 904.4 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 (4) Mortgage banking income, net : The increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods of 2023, was due to the increase in net gains recognized on residential mortgage loan sales. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold 62.4 million, or 63 , of its residential mortgages at an average net gain of 1.10 , compared to 66.2 million, or 59 , at an average net gain of 0.65 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold 157.3 million, or 57 , of its residential mortgages at an average net gain of 0.98 , compared to 137.3 million, or 47 , at an average net gain of 0.87 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (5) Net loss on sale of securities: Represents the realized loss upon sale of debt investments in 2023, as we executed investment sales that resulted in pre-tax losses of 5.3 million. The trades were completed to reposition a portion of our balance sheet with an expectation of improved future earnings and profitability as we reinvested the cash proceeds for balance sheet optimization. 
 (6) Other income : The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was driven by a decrease in customer loan swap fees of 273,000 between periods. 

Non-Interest Expense 
 The following table presents the components of non-interest expense for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Salaries and employee benefits (1) 
 16,545 14,744 1,801 12 48,100 44,605 3,495 8 Furniture, equipment and data processing (2) 
 3,578 3,382 196 6 10,704 9,772 932 10 Net occupancy costs 
 1,890 1,804 86 5 5,941 5,735 206 4 Debit card expense 
 1,368 1,318 50 4 3,943 3,781 162 4 Consulting and professional fees (3) 
 788 897 (109) (12) 2,797 3,327 (530) (16) Regulatory assessments 
 784 861 (77) (9) 2,454 2,574 (120) (5) Amortization of core deposit intangible assets 
 139 148 (9) (6) 417 444 (27) (6) OREO and collection costs, net 
 94 (34) 128 N.M. 151 (25) 176 N.M. Merger and acquisition costs (4) 
 727 727 N.M. 727 727 N.M. Other expenses (5) 
 2,987 3,087 (100) (3) 8,338 9,302 (964) (10) Total non-interest expense 
 28,900 26,207 2,693 10 83,572 79,515 4,057 5 Ratio of non-interest expense to total revenues 64.23 69.60 64.58 63.82 Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 62.39 60.63 63.78 60.87 
 (1) Salaries and employee benefits: The increase in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, was primarily driven by higher incentive accruals due to the change in the operating environment between periods. 
 (2) Furniture, equipment and data processing: The increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, reflects the continued investment in customer-facing technology platforms, internal systems and production platforms to drive increased productivity and efficiencies, and updates to various information security and resiliency-related systems and enhancements. 
 (3) Consulting and professional fees: The decrease for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, were driven by legal, consulting and director-related costs associated with the CEO succession and transition that was effective on January 1, 2024. 
 (4) Merger and acquisition costs: On September 10, 2024, the Company announced the acquisition of NFI with an expected closing date in the first quarter of 2025, subject to NFI shareholder approval, receiving required regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. NFI is the parent company of Northway Bank, a New Hampshire state-chartered bank, with 16 branches in New Hampshire. The Company accrued for acquisition associated legal, consulting and other related costs incurred through September 30, 2024. 
 62 

(5) Other expenses: The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, was driven by external recruiting costs associated with the CEO succession and transition that was effective on January 1, 2024. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Total cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024, were 139.5 million, compared to 99.8 million at December 31, 2023. We continually monitor our cash levels as part of our liquidity risk management practices. Refer to the " Liquidity" section for additional details. 

Investments 
 The Company utilizes the investment portfolio to manage liquidity, interest rate risk, and regulatory capital, as well as to take advantage of market conditions to generate returns without undue risk. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our investment portfolio consisted of MBS, CMO, municipal and corporate debt securities, FHLBB and FRB common stock, and mutual funds held in a rabbi trust for the executive and director nonqualified retirement plans. We designate our debt securities as AFS or HTM based on our intent and investment strategy and they are carried at fair value and amortized cost, respectively. Our FHLBB and FRB common stock is carried at cost, and our mutual funds are designated as trading securities and are carried at fair value. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the reported value of the Company's total investments portfolio was 1.2 billion, a decrease of 33.7 million, or 2.8 , since December 31, 2023. This was driven by changes within our debt securities portfolio, including: 
 Pay downs, calls, and maturities of 85.4 million. 
 Purchases of MBS and CMO securities of 26.0 million, all of which were designated as AFS. 
 Net amortization and accretion of 3.6 million 
 The change in fair value of the Company s AFS debt securities of 22.6 million due to the decrease in interest rates between periods. 
 Our AFS debt securities portfolio, which comprised 52 and 53 of our investment portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, was carried at fair value using Level 2 valuation techniques. Refer to Note 16 of the consolidated financial statements for further details on the Company's fair value techniques. Our HTM debt securities are carried at amortized cost and comprised 45 and 46 of our investment portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The book value of our debt securities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was 1.2 billion at each date. Our debt securities portfolio has limited credit risk due to its composition, which includes securities backed by the U.S. government and government-sponsored agencies, and highly rated corporate and municipal bonds by nationally recognized rating agencies. The following table provides the make-up of the Company's investment portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, based on the book value of each security type as a percentage of total book value of the Company's debt securities: (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 Percent of Total Debt Securities as of 
 September 30, 
 2024 
 December 31, 2023 Percent of Total Debt Securities as of 
 December 31, 2023 
 MBS - Agency-backed 792,403 67 830,288 67 CMO - Agency-backed 288,041 24 306,505 24 Municipal 61,900 5 62,691 5 Corporate 40,980 3 40,790 3 Other - Agency-backed 7,695 1 7,593 1 Total 1,191,019 100 1,247,867 100 
 
 We continually monitor and evaluate our investment portfolio to identify and assess risks within our portfolio, including but not limited to, the impact of the current interest rate environment and the related prepayment risk, and the review of credit ratings. The overall mix of debt securities as of September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, remains consistent and is believed to be well-positioned to provide a stable source of cash flow. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the duration of our debt investment securities portfolio, adjusting for calls when appropriate and consensus prepayment speeds, was 
 63 

5.3 years and 5.7 years, respectively. 
 
 We completed a review of our HTM and AFS investment portfolio as of September 30, 2024, and concluded that no ACL was warranted on any of the remaining bonds at this time. The fair value and book value of the Company's corporate bonds and municipal securities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was as follows: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) # of Securities 
 Fair Value Book Value Net Unrealized (Loss) Gain # of Securities 
 Fair Value Book Value Net Unrealized Gain (Loss) 
 Municipal bonds 55 61,993 61,900 93 55 63,159 62,691 468 Corporate bonds 19 39,705 40,980 (1,275) 20 37,714 40,790 (3,076) Total 74 101,698 102,880 (1,182) 75 100,873 103,481 (2,608) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, all of our municipal bonds carried an investment-grade credit rating. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 69 of our corporate bonds carried an investment-grade credit rating. The remaining corporate bonds were non-rated corporate bonds of community banks within our markets. As of September 30, 2024, the corporate bond portfolio was made up of 18 different companies, which included 16 different banks. The banks in the portfolio range from the largest U.S. banks to community banks, with 32 of our exposure as of September 30, 2024 being to global systemically important banks, or "G-SIBs". 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not carry an ACL on any of its corporate or municipal bonds. 
 
 Our other investments on the consolidated statements of condition consist of FHLBB and FRB common stock. These investments are carried at cost. We are required to maintain a certain level of investment in FHLBB stock based on our level of FHLBB advances, and maintain a certain level of investment in FRB common stock based on the Bank's capital levels. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our investment in FHLBB stock totaled 17.1 million and 10.0 million, respectively, and our investment in FRB stock was 5.4 million at each date. 
 
 Our investments in mutual funds are designated as trading securities and carried at fair value. These investments are held within a rabbi trust and will be used for future payments associated with the Company s Executive and Director Deferred Compensation Plan. These investments are carried at fair value using Level 1 valuation techniques. Refer to Note 16 of the consolidated financial statements for further details on fair value. 

Loans 
 The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio as of the dates indicated: 
 Change (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ) ) Commercial real estate - non-owner-occupied 1,387,593 1,370,446 17,147 1 Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 320,330 301,860 18,470 6 Commercial 382,507 403,901 (21,394) (5) Residential real estate 1,762,395 1,763,378 (983) Consumer and home equity 263,904 258,509 5,395 2 Total loans 4,116,729 4,098,094 18,635 Commercial Loan Portfolio 2,090,430 2,076,207 14,223 1 Retail Loan Portfolio 2,026,299 2,021,887 4,412 Commercial Portfolio Mix 51 51 Retail Portfolio Mix 49 49 
 
 64 

Portfolio Concentrations. Our primary market continues to be Maine, making up 68 of the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Massachusetts and New Hampshire are our second and third largest markets that we serve, making up 16 and 10 of our total loan portfolio, respectively, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, our distribution channels included 55 branches within Maine, two locations in New Hampshire, including a branch in Portsmouth and a commercial loan production office in Manchester, and an online residential mortgage and small business digital loan platform. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the non-residential building operators' industry (operators of commercial and industrial buildings, retail establishments, theaters, banks and insurance buildings) and lessors of residential buildings industry (lessors of buildings used as residences, such as single-family homes, apartments and town houses) concentrations were 31 and 30 of our total commercial real estate portfolio and 13 and 12 of total loans, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the non-residential building operators industry and lessors of residential building industry concentrations were 33 and 28 , respectively, of total commercial real estate portfolio and 14 and 11 of total loans. As of September 30, 2024, there were no other industry concentrations within our loan portfolio that exceeded 10 of total loans. 
 
 The table below summarizes the significant industries within the Company s commercial loan portfolio at the dates indicated: 
 September 30, 
 December 31, 2024 2023 Change (Dollars in thousands) of Commercial Loan Portfolio of Commercial Loan Portfolio Real estate investment (1) 
 1,049,651 50 1,057,148 51 (7,497) (1) Lodging 
 225,960 11 229,017 11 (3,057) (1) Retail trade 137,222 7 116,623 6 20,599 18 Health care 
 105,030 5 95,801 5 9,229 10 Construction 
 79,141 4 73,936 4 5,205 7 Manufacturing 
 69,921 3 74,089 4 (4,168) (6) Finance and insurance 
 61,619 3 66,038 3 (4,419) (7) Wholesale trade 
 60,263 3 67,512 3 (7,249) (11) Other (each 
 65 

(1) The following table summarizes the real estate investment loan portfolio, by property type as of the dates indicated: 
 September 30, 
 December 31, 2024 2023 Change (Dollars in thousands) of Real Estate Investment Portfolio of Total Loan Portfolio of Real Estate Investment Portfolio of Total Loan Portfolio Multi-family (5+ units) (a) 
 266,681 25 6 274,181 26 7 (7,500) (3) Multi-family (1-4 units) (b) 
 174,308 17 4 153,166 14 4 21,142 14 Office (c) 
 167,181 16 4 169,904 16 4 (2,723) (2) Industrial 
 165,150 16 4 164,021 16 4 1,129 1 Retail 
 159,640 15 4 167,865 16 4 (8,225) (5) Other (d) 
 116,691 11 3 128,011 12 3 (11,320) (9) Total 
 1,049,651 100 25 1,057,148 100 26 (7,497) (1) 
 (a) Multi-family (5+ units) loans are primarily located in non-urban locations, including 80 in Maine, 11 in Massachusetts, 7 in New Hampshire, and 2 in other states as of September 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, there were 79 in Maine, 11 in Massachusetts, 8 in New Hampshire, and 2 in other states. 
 (b) Represents multi-family (1-4 units) that are used for commercial purposes. 
 (c) Office loans are primarily located in non-urban locations, including 52 in Maine and 26 in New Hampshire as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. There were 23 and 22 in Massachusetts as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (d) Other includes multiple property types that individually are less than 5 of the real estate investment portfolio and individually are 1 or less of the total loan portfolio. 
 
 Related Party Transactions. The Bank is permitted, in its normal course of business, to make loans to certain officers and directors of the Company and Bank under terms that are consistent with the Bank s lending policies and regulatory requirements. In addition to extending loans to certain officers and directors of the Company and Bank on terms consistent with the Bank s lending policies, federal banking regulations also require training, audit and examination of the adherence to this policy (also known as Regulation O requirements). Note 5 of the consolidated financial statements provide information on related party lending and deposit transactions, respectively. We have not entered into significant related party transactions. 

Asset Quality 
 Our practice is to manage the Company's loan portfolio proactively so that we are able to effectively identify problem credits and trends early, assess and implement effective work-out strategies, and take charge-offs as promptly as practical. In addition, the Company continually reassesses its underwriting standards in response to credit risk posed by changes in economic conditions. The Company continues to dedicate significant resources to monitor and manage credit risk throughout our loan portfolio and includes management and board-level oversight as follows: 
 The Credit Risk and Special Assets teams and the Credit Risk Policy Committee, which is an internal management committee comprised of the Company s president and chief executive officer and other various executives and senior managers across business lines, including Accounting and Finance, Credit Underwriting, Credit Risk and Special Assets, Risk, and Commercial and Retail Banking, oversee the Company's systems and procedures to monitor the credit quality of its loan portfolio, conduct a loan review program, and maintain the integrity of the loan ratings system. 
 The adequacy of the ACL is overseen by the Management Provision Committee, which is an internal management committee comprised of the Company s president and chief executive officer and other executives and senior managers across business lines, including Accounting and Finance; Credit Underwriting, Credit Risk and Special Assets; Risk and Compliance; Commercial Banking; and Retail Banking. The Management Provision Committee supports the oversight efforts of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 66 

The Directors Credit Committee of the Board of Directors reviews large credit exposures, monitors external loan review reports, reviews the lending authority for individual loan officers when required, and has approval authority and responsibility for all matters regarding the loan policy and other credit-related policies, including reviewing and monitoring asset quality trends, and concentration levels. 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has approval authority and oversight responsibility for the ACL adequacy and methodology. 
 
 Non-Performing Assets. Non-performing assets include non-accrual loans, accruing loans 90 days or more past due, accruing TDRs prior to the Company's adoption ASU 2022-02, and property acquired through foreclosure or repossession. The following table sets forth the composition and amounts of our non-performing loans as of the dates indicated: (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 
 2024 
 December 31, 
 2023 
 Non-accrual loans: Commercial real estate - non-owner-occupied 130 262 Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 124 Commercial 2,057 1,725 Residential real estate 2,497 2,539 Consumer and home equity 666 798 Total non-accrual loans 5,350 5,448 Accruing TDRs prior to ASU 2022-02 adoption not included above 1,645 1,990 Total non-performing loans 6,995 7,438 Other real estate owned Total non-performing assets 6,995 7,438 Total loans, excluding loans held for sale 4,116,729 4,098,094 Total assets 5,745,180 5,714,506 ACL on loans 35,414 36,935 ACL on loans to non-accrual loans 661.94 677.96 Non-accrual loans to total loans 0.13 0.13 Non-performing loans to total loans 0.17 0.18 Non-performing assets to total assets 0.12 0.13 
 
 Potential Problem Loans. Potential problem loans consist of classified accruing commercial and commercial real estate loans that were 30-89 days past due. Such loans are characterized by weaknesses in the financial condition of borrowers or collateral deficiencies. Based on historical experience, the credit quality of some of these loans may improve due to changes in collateral values or the financial condition of the borrowers, while the credit quality of other loans may deteriorate, resulting in a loss. These loans are not included in the above analysis of non-accrual loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, loans classified as potential problem loans totaled 137,000 and 1.2 million, respectively. 
 
 67 

Past Due Loans. Past due loans consist of accruing loans that were 30-89 days past due. The following table presents the recorded investment of past due loans as of the dates indicated: 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 
 2024 
 December 31, 
 2023 
 Accruing loans 30-89 days past due: Commercial real estate - non-owner-occupied 84 Commercial real estate - owner-occupied 239 656 Commercial 578 2,007 Residential real estate 216 1,290 Consumer and home equity 358 922 Total 1,391 4,959 Total loans 4,116,729 4,098,094 Accruing loans 30-89 days past due to total loans 0.03 0.12 
 
 ACL. The following table sets forth information concerning the components of our ACL for the periods indicated: 
 As of or For The 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 As of or For The 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 As of or For The 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2023 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 ACL on loans at the beginning of the period 35,412 36,983 36,935 36,922 36,922 Provision (credit) for loan losses 
 283 (456) (693) 288 1,174 Net charge-offs (recoveries) (1) 
 Commercial real estate (1) 41 (9) 39 39 Commercial 286 66 887 749 1,089 Residential real estate (6) (5) (19) (20) (26) Consumer and home equity 2 18 (31) 35 59 Total net charge-offs 281 120 828 803 1,161 ACL on loans at the end of the period 35,414 36,407 35,414 36,407 36,935 Components of ACL: ACL on loans 35,414 36,407 35,414 36,407 36,935 ACL on off-balance sheet credit exposures 2,743 2,670 2,743 2,670 2,353 ACL at end of the period 38,157 39,077 38,157 39,077 39,288 Total loans, excluding loans held for sale 4,116,729 4,058,413 4,116,729 4,058,413 4,098,094 Average Loans 4,144,482 4,083,721 4,133,488 4,073,463 4,076,681 Net charge-offs to average loans (annualized) 0.03 0.01 0.03 0.03 0.03 Provision (credit) for loan losses (annualized) to average loans 
 0.03 (0.04) (0.02) 0.01 0.03 ACL on loans to total loans 0.86 0.90 0.86 0.90 0.90 
 (1) Additional information related to net charge-offs (recoveries) is presented in the following table for the periods indicated: 
 68 

For The Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 (Dollars in thousands) Total Charge-offs Total Recoveries Net Charge-Offs (Recoveries) Average Loans Ratio of Net Charge-Offs (Recoveries) to Average Loans 2024: 
 Commercial real estate 1 (1) 1,706,509 Commercial 394 108 286 393,130 0.07 Residential real estate 6 (6) 1,780,665 Consumer and home equity 28 26 2 264,178 Total 422 141 281 4,144,482 0.01 2023: 
 Commercial real estate 58 17 41 1,658,125 Commercial 255 189 66 410,379 0.02 Residential real estate 5 (5) 1,762,860 Consumer and home equity 32 14 18 252,357 0.01 Total 345 225 120 4,083,721 For The Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024: Commercial real estate 9 (9) 1,696,882 Commercial 1,157 270 887 400,469 0.22 Residential real estate 19 (19) 1,775,502 Consumer and home equity 83 114 (31) 260,635 (0.01) Total 1,240 412 828 4,133,488 0.02 2023: Commercial real estate 58 19 39 1,658,188 Commercial 1,101 352 749 419,798 0.18 Residential real estate 18 38 (20) 1,742,340 Consumer and home equity 63 28 35 253,137 0.01 Total 1,240 437 803 4,073,463 0.03 For the Year Ended December 31, 2023: 
 Commercial real estate 58 19 39 1,659,078 Commercial 1,560 471 1,089 415,650 0.26 Residential real estate 18 44 (26) 1,748,076 Consumer and home equity 91 32 59 253,877 0.02 Total 1,727 566 1,161 4,076,681 0.03 
 
 ACL on Loans. There were no significant changes in our modeling methodology to determine the ACL on loans during the three months or nine ended September 30, 2024. The significant key assumptions used with the ACL on loans calculation as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, included: (i) Company-specific macroeconomic factors (i.e., loss drivers), (ii) our forecast period and reversion speed, (iii) prepayment speeds, and (iv) various qualitative factors. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the recorded ACL on loans was 35.4 million, or 0.86 to total loans, and 36.9 million, or 0.90 of total loans, respectively, and represented our best estimate. Our ACL on loans estimate as of each date incorporated multiple forecasted economic scenarios and probability weighting of each scenario. Included within our ACL on loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was consideration for qualitative factors that may not be, or may not be completely, represented within the Company s accounting model used to determine its ACL on loans. Each quarter, 
 69 

in conjunction with our quarterly close and financial reporting, we evaluate the need for these qualitative factors and make adjustments as appropriate, including consideration of macro- and micro-level changes. The ACL on loans as of September 30, 2024, incorporated a lower weighting for the probability of a forecasted recession scenario over the next 12 to 24 months based on management s forecasted macroeconomic outlook as of that date, as compared to December 31, 2023, which was the primary driver for the reduction in the ACL on loans between periods. 
 
 The overall global and national markets continue to be volatile and carry a high degree of uncertainty, and any changes to our forecast or qualitative factors subject our ACL estimate to a higher risk of fluctuation between periods. 
 
 We may adjust our assumptions to account for differences between expected and actual losses from period to period. A future change of our assumptions likely will alter the level of allowance required and may have a material impact on future results of operations and financial condition. The ACL on loans is reviewed periodically within a calendar quarter to assess trends in CECL ("Current Expected Credit Losses") key assumptions and asset quality, and their effects on the Company's financial condition. 
 
 ACL on Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures. There were no significant changes in our modeling methodology to determine the ACL on off-balance sheet credit exposures during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The model uses the credit loss factors for each segment calculated within the ACL on loans model described above. The ACL on off-balance sheet credit exposures as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was 2.7 million and 2.4 million, respectively. 
 
 The ACL on off-balance sheet credit exposures was presented within accrued interest and other liabilities on the consolidated statements of condition. Increases (decreases) to the ACL on off-balance sheet credit exposures were presented within (credit) provision for credit losses on the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 We may adjust our assumptions to account for differences between expected and actual losses from period to period. A future change to our assumptions will likely alter the level of allowance required and may have a material impact on future results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 ACL on HTM Securities. As of September 30, 2024, we have evaluated our HTM debt securities, and we have not identified any credit concerns. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was no ACL recorded on HTM investments. Refer to " Investments" and Note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 

Liabilities 
 Deposits. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, deposits totaled 4.6 billion for both periods. The deposit landscape remains intensely competitive across our markets due to the current interest rate environment as depositors continuing to allocate excess liquidity into higher yielding, interest-bearing deposit accounts. We continue to closely manage our deposits. prioritizing the maintenance and enhancement of existing depositor relationships while cultivating new ones. This is balanced with the Company's overall funding cost and liquidity position. 
 
 The slight decrease in deposits during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily driven by a decrease in checking account balances, which were lower by 135.0 million, or 5 , due to: (1) continued remix from low-cost deposits, such as checking accounts, to savings and money markets and CDs; (2) large outflow from normal business activities of one of our larger commercial deposit relationships; and (3) managed outflows of one of our larger high-cost municipal deposit relationships in an effort to optimize our funding costs. CD balances decreased 56.0 million, or 9 , over this same period, as we opted to not renew a single higher-cost municipal CD totaling 50.0 million and were able to utilize other, more cost-effective funding sources. Savings and money market accounts increased 102.1 million, or 7 , over this same period primarily driven by the launch of a new high-yield savings deposit product in the first quarter of 2024 as part of our effort to raise more cost-effective deposits, drive new customer acquisition and deepen customer relationships. This high-yield savings deposit product launch drove a 16 increase in savings accounts as compared to December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company's loan-to-deposit ratio was 90 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 89 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 As of September 30 2024, the Company had no customer relationships that exceeded 10 of total deposits. 
 
 Uninsured and Uncollateralized Deposits. Total deposits that exceeded the FDIC deposit insurance limit of 250,000 were 979.1 million, or 21 of total deposits, as of September 30, 2024, and 1.1 billion, or 23 of total deposits, as of December 31, 2023. 
 70 

Total uninsured and uncollateralized deposits that exceeded the FDIC deposit insurance limit of 250,000 and were not secured by pledged assets or any other guarantee of the Company totaled 698.4 million, or 15 of total deposits, as of September 30, 2024, and 669.5 million, or 15 of total deposits, as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 The balance of CDs that exceeded the FDIC deposit insurance limit of 250,000 was 109.2 million, or 20 of CD balances, as of September 30, 2024, and 167.2 million, or 27 of CD balances, as of December 31, 2023. The total uninsured portion of these CDs was 40.4 million, or 7 and 93.7 million, or 15 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Borrowings . As of September 30, 2024, total borrowings were 560.7 million, an increase of 30.7 million, or 6 , since December 31, 2023 and were comprised of: 
 Customer repurchase agreements totaling 191.3 million, a decrease of 9.3 million, since December 31, 2023 
 FHLBB advances of 325.0 million, an increase of 175.1 million since December 31, 2023 
 The Company carries interest rate swaps on 325.0 million of FHLBB advances to manage our interest rate risk position and as part of our effort to optimize net interest income and net interest margin. 
 
 Shareholders' Equity 
 Shareholders' equity as of September 30, 2024, totaled 529.9 million, an increase of 34.8 million, or 7 , since December 31, 2023. The increase was driven by net income of 38.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, offset by regular quarterly cash dividends of 18.4 million, and an increase to AOCI of 14.5 million. 
 
 On September 24, 2024, the Company announced a quarterly cash dividend to shareholders of 0.42 per share, payable on October 31, 2024 to shareholders of record as of October 15, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's annualized dividend yield was 4.07 based on Camden National's closing share price of 41.32, as reported by NASDAQ on September 30, 2024. 
 
 In January 2024, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 750,000 shares of the Company's common stock, representing approximately 5 of the Company's issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of December 31, 2023. We repurchased 50,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of 32.19 per share through the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The following table presents certain information regarding shareholders equity as of and for the periods indicated: 
 As of or For The 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 As of or For The 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 As of or For The 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2023 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Financial Ratios 
 Average equity to average assets 
 9.07 8.23 8.83 8.18 8.18 Common equity ratio 
 9.22 8.02 9.22 8.02 8.66 Tangible common equity ratio (non-GAAP) 7.69 6.47 7.69 6.47 7.11 Dividend payout ratio 
 46.67 62.69 47.91 52.72 56.38 Per Share Data 
 Book value per share 
 36.35 31.82 36.35 31.82 33.99 Tangible book value per share (non-GAAP) 29.82 25.24 29.82 25.24 27.42 Dividends declared per share 
 0.42 0.42 1.26 1.26 1.68 
 Refer to " Capital Resources" and Note 11 of the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the Company and Bank's capital resources and regulatory capital requirements. 
 
 71 

LIQUIDITY 
 
 Our liquidity needs require the availability of cash to meet the withdrawal demands of depositors and credit commitments to borrowers. Liquidity is defined as our ability to maintain availability of funds to meet customer needs, as well as to support our asset base. The primary objective of liquidity management is to maintain a balance between sources and uses of funds to meet our cash flow needs in the most economical and expedient manner. Due to the potential for unexpected fluctuations in both deposits and loans, active management of liquidity is necessary. We maintain various sources of funding and levels of liquid assets and monitor liquidity in accordance with internal guidelines and all applicable regulatory requirements. Sources of funds that we utilize consist of deposits; borrowings from the FHLBB and other sources; cash flows from loans and investments; and cash flows from operations, including other contractual obligations and commitments. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our primary liquidity sources available were as follows: 
 (In thousands) Amount Available primary liquidity: Excess cash (1) 
 60,117 Unpledged investment securities 596,633 Over collateralized securities pledging position 65,395 FHLBB 570,519 Fed Discount Window 37,427 Unsecured borrowing lines 94,872 Total available primary liquidity 1,424,963 
 (1) Excess cash represents cash held at the FRB that is above the minimum reserve requirement. As of September 30, 2024, the minimum reserve requirement remains at zero. 
 
 Total available primary liquidity of 1.4 billion was 2.0 times uninsured and uncollateralized deposits as of September 30, 2024. Refer to " Financial Condition Liabilities Uninsured and Uncollateralized Deposits " for further details. 
 
 In addition to the available primarily liquidity noted above, as of September 30, 2024, we may access additional funding through brokered deposits. 
 Although we believe that our level of liquidity is sufficient to meet current and future funding requirements, changes in current economic conditions, including consumer saving habits and the availability or access to the brokered deposit and wholesale repurchase markets, could significantly affect our liquidity position. 
 
 Deposits. Deposits continue to represent our primary source of funds. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, total deposits, including brokered deposits, were 4.6 billion at each date. Core deposits (which excludes CDs and brokered deposits) (non-GAAP) decreased 32.9 million, or 1 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 3.9 billion. CDs decreased 56.0 million, or 9 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 553.5 million. The decreases in core deposits and CDs were offset by an increase in brokered deposits of 66.8 million, or 65 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 168.7 million. Brokered deposits consisted of 75.0 million of brokered CDs and 93.7 million of brokered money market accounts. As of September 30, 2024, all brokered CDs were scheduled to mature within 12 months. Refer to Financial Condition Liabilities Deposits for further discussion on deposits. 
 
 The following is a summary of the scheduled maturities of CDs (not including brokered CDs) as of September 30, 2024: 
 (In thousands) CDs 1 year or less 514,406 > 1 year 39,075 Total 553,481 
 
 Borrowings . Borrowings are used to supplement deposits as a source of liquidity. Our primary sources of borrowings are the FHLBB, FRB and other federal funds and customer repurchase agreements. As of September 30, 2024, total borrowings were 560.7 million, compared to 529.9 million as of December 31, 2023. We secure borrowings from the FHLBB with qualified residential real estate loans, certain investment securities and certain other assets available to be pledged. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 570.5 million in borrowing capacity from the FHLBB. 
 72 

Customer repurchase agreements are secured by mortgage-backed securities and government-sponsored enterprises. Through the Bank, as of September 30, 2024, we have available lines of credit of 9.9 million with the FHLBB, 95.0 million with three correspondent banks, and of 37.4 million with the FRB Discount Window. We also have access to the brokered deposit market and wholesale reverse repurchase transactions market. These sources are considered as liquidity alternatives in our contingent liquidity plan. 
 
 The following is a summary of the scheduled maturities of borrowings as of September 30, 2024: 
 (In thousands) FHLBB Advances Customer Repurchase Agreements Junior Subordinated Debentures Total 1 year or less 325,000 191,336 516,336 > 1 year 44,331 44,331 Total 325,000 191,336 44,331 560,667 
 
 Loans . Contractual loan repayments also affect our liquidity position. Actual speed and timing of repayment may differ materially from contract terms due to prepayments or nonpayment. 
 
 The Company's unpledged residential mortgage loan portfolio is also a source of contingent liquidity as it could be sold in a reasonable time period, at fair value, on the secondary market. As of September 30, 2024, qualifying residential mortgage loans with a book value of 1.7 million were pledged as collateral to the FHLBB. 
 
 The following table presents the contractual maturities of loans at the date indicated: 
 September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Due in 1 Year or Less Due after 1 Year Through 5 Years Due After 5 Years Through 15 Years Due in More than 15 Years Total Percent of Total Loans Maturity Distribution (1) : 
 Fixed Rate: Commercial real estate (2) 
 16,270 303,507 490,685 2,728 813,190 20 Commercial 4,491 98,132 65,154 362 168,139 4 Residential real estate 173 10,096 144,662 1,224,425 1,379,356 34 Consumer and home equity 1,644 10,918 19,611 177,993 210,166 5 Total fixed rate 22,578 422,653 720,112 1,405,508 2,570,851 63 Adjustable/Variable Rate: Commercial real estate (2) 
 24,731 299,528 328,718 241,757 894,734 22 Commercial 75,032 83,514 47,704 8,118 214,368 5 Residential real estate 15 902 36,052 346,070 383,039 9 Consumer and home equity 185 2,276 13,951 37,325 53,737 1 Total adjustable/variable rate 99,963 386,220 426,425 633,270 1,545,878 37 Total loans 122,541 808,873 1,146,537 2,038,778 4,116,729 100 
 (1) Scheduled repayments are reported in the maturity category in which payment is due. Demand loans, loans having no stated schedule of repayments and no stated maturity, and overdrafts are reported as due in one year or less. 
 (2) Commercial real estate loans includes non-owner-occupied and owner-occupied properties. 
 
 Additionally, we have active relationships with various secondary market investors that purchase residential mortgage loans we originate. In addition to managing our interest rate risk position and earnings through the sale of these loans, we are also able to manage our liquidity position through timely sales of residential mortgage loans to the secondary market. 
 
 73 

Investments. We generally invest in amortizing MBS and CMO debt securities that return cash flow at an accelerated rate in comparison to other types of debt securities that are of a bullet structure. MBS and CMO debt security cash flow will vary depending on the interest rate environment because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties. The rise in interest rates during 2022 and 2023, which have remained elevated during 2024, has resulted in slowing cash flows. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company's MBS and CMO debt securities portfolio totaled 91 of book value for both periods, respectively, of the Company's investment portfolio. 
 
 The Company's unpledged AFS investment portfolio is also a source of contingent liquidity, as it could be sold in a reasonable time period on the secondary market, at fair value, which was 332.5 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The following is a summary of the scheduled cash flows from our debt securities portfolio, including investments designated as AFS and HTM, as of September 30, 2024: (In thousands) Contractual 
 Cash Flows (1) 
 1 year or less 115,634 > 1 year 1,013,828 Total 1,129,462 
 (1) Expected contractual cash flows could differ as borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 
 Other Liquidity Requirement s. The Company generates cash flows from earnings through its normal course of business from earnings and, although not contractual, the Company has a history of paying a quarterly cash dividend to its shareholders and repurchasing its shares of common stock. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reported net income of 38.3 million and paid cash dividends of 18.4 million to shareholders. 
 
 In addition, in the course of its normal operations, the Company is party to several other contractual obligations not previously discussed, such as various lease agreements on a number of its branches. Renewal options within the various lease contracts, as applicable, were considered to determine the lease term and estimate the contractual obligation and commitment for the Company's operating and finance leases. Furthermore, certain lease contracts of the Company contain language that subject its rent payment to variability, such as those tied to an index or change in an index. As a result, the future contractual obligation and commitment may materially differ from that estimated and disclosed within the table below. As of September 30, 2024, we had the following lease and other contractual obligations to make future payments under each of these contracts as follows: 
 (In thousands) Total Amount Payments Due per Period Contractual obligations and commitments Committed 1 Year or Less > 1 Year Operating leases 
 11,962 434 11,528 Finance leases 
 9,441 105 9,336 Other contractual obligations 
 6,559 6,559 Total 
 27,962 7,098 20,864 
 
 The Company's estimated lease liability for its various operating and finance leases was reported within other liabilities on our consolidated statements of condition. 
 
 In the normal course of business, we are a party to credit related financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, which are not reflected in the consolidated statements of condition. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Many of the commitments will expire without being drawn upon, and thus, the total amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Refer to Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 We use derivative financial instruments for risk management purposes (primarily interest rate risk) and not for trading or speculative purposes. These contracts with our various counterparties may subject the Company to various cash flow requirements, which may include posting of cash as collateral (or other assets) for arrangements that the Company is in a liability position i.e . underwater ). Refer to Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our derivatives and hedge instruments. 
 74 

CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 As part of our goal to operate a safe, sound and profitable financial organization, we are committed to maintaining a strong capital base. Shareholders equity totaled 529.9 million and 495.1 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which amounted to 9 of total assets for both periods. Refer to " Financial Condition Shareholders' Equity " for further discussion on shareholders' equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our principal cash requirement is the payment of dividends on our common stock, as and when declared by the Company's Board of Directors. We declared dividends to shareholders in the aggregate amount of 18.4 million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company's Board of Directors approves cash dividends on a quarterly basis after careful analysis and consideration of various factors, including the following: (i) capital position relative to total assets, (ii) risk-based assets, (iii) total classified assets, (iv) economic conditions, (v) growth rates for total assets and total liabilities, (vi) earnings performance and projections and (vii) strategic initiatives and related capital requirements. All dividends declared and distributed by the Company will be in compliance with applicable state corporate law and regulatory requirements. 
 
 We are primarily dependent upon the payment of cash dividends by the Bank, our wholly-owned subsidiary, to service our commitments. We, as the sole shareholder of the Bank, are entitled to dividends, when and as declared by the Bank's Board of Directors from legally available funds. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Bank declared dividends payable to the Company in the amount of 20.1 million and 18.0 million, respectively. Under regulations prescribed by the OCC, the Bank may not declare dividends in excess of the Bank s net income for the current year plus its retained net income for the prior two years without prior approval from the OCC. If we are required to use dividends from the Bank to service unforeseen commitments in the future, we may be required to reduce the dividends paid to our shareholders going forward. 
 
 Please refer to Note 11 of the consolidated financial statements for discussion and details of the Company and Bank's regulatory capital requirements. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company and Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements, and the Bank continues to meet the capital requirements to be classified as "well capitalized" under applicable prompt corrective action provisions. 

RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors and management have identified significant risk categories which affect the Company. The risk categories include: credit; liquidity; market; interest rate; capital; operational; technology, including cybersecurity; vendor and third party; people and compensation; compliance and legal; strategic alignment; and reputation. The Board of Directors has approved an Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") Policy that addresses each category of risk. The direct oversight and responsibility for the Company's risk management program has been delegated to the Company's Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer, who is a member of the Executive Committee and reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 There have been no material changes to the Company's risk categories and risk management policies as described in Item 7 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Please refer to Item 7 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for further details regarding the Company's risk management. 
 
 Interest rate risk 
 Interest rate risk represents the sensitivity of earnings to changes in market interest rates. As interest rates change, the interest income and expense streams associated with our financial instruments also change, thereby impacting net interest income, the primary component of our earnings. Board ALCO and Management ALCO utilize the results of a detailed and dynamic simulation model to quantify the estimated exposure of net interest income to sustained interest rate changes. While Board ALCO and Management ALCO routinely monitor simulated net interest income sensitivity over a rolling two-year horizon, they also utilize additional tools to monitor potential longer-term interest rate risk. 
 
 The simulation model captures the impact of changing interest rates on the interest income received and interest expense paid on all interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities reflected on our consolidated statements of condition, as well as for derivative financial instruments. This sensitivity analysis is compared to ALCO policy limits, which specify a maximum tolerance level for net interest income exposure over a one- and two-year horizon, assuming a static balance sheet, given a 200 basis point upward and downward shift in interest rates. A parallel and pro rata shift in rates over a 12-month period is assumed. Using this approach, we are able to produce simulation results that illustrate the effect that both a gradual change of rates and a rate shock have on earnings expectations. In the down 200 basis points scenario, Federal Funds and Treasury yields are 
 75 

floored at 0.01 while Prime is floored at 3.00 . All other market rates are floored at the lesser of current levels or 0.25 . 
 
 The sensitivity analysis below does not represent a forecast and should not be relied upon as being indicative of expected operating results. These hypothetical estimates are based upon numerous assumptions including, among others, the nature and timing of interest rate levels, yield curve shape, prepayments on loans and securities, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits and reinvestment/replacement of asset and liability cash flows. While assumptions are developed based upon current economic and local market conditions, we cannot make any assurances as to the predictive nature of these assumptions, including how customer preferences or competitor influences might change. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, our net interest income sensitivity analysis reflected the following changes to net interest income, as compared to our modeled Year 1 Base net interest income, assuming no balance sheet growth and a parallel shift in interest rates. All rate changes were ramped over the first 12-month period and then maintained at those levels over the remainder of the ALCO simulation horizon. 
 Estimated Changes In Net Interest Income Rate Change from Year 1 Base September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Year 1 +200 basis points (3.5) (1.3) -200 basis points 3.8 2.1 Year 2 +200 basis points 1.1 15.1 -200 basis points 14.8 17.1 
 
 If rates remain at or near current levels, net interest income is projected to increase in year two of the simulation. Asset cash flows reprice and replace into the current higher rate environment at rates above current portfolio averages and funding costs remain relatively unchanged, causing balance sheet spread to expand. If deposit pricing increased from current levels without any changes to market rates or if unfavorable funding mix changes occurred, it would negatively impact net interest income projections. 
 
 If rates increase 200 basis points, net interest income is projected to decrease in the first year of the simulation as the funding base adjusts into the higher rate environment to a greater degree than asset yields increase. In the second year, net interest income is projected to increase as loan and investment yields continue to reprice/reset into higher yields and funding cost increases slow. 
 
 If rates decrease 200 basis points, net interest income is projected to improve in the first year of the simulation as reductions in funding costs are able to more than offset near-term asset yield deterioration. In the second year, net interest income is projected to further increase as asset yields are supported by fixed rates and floors while cost of funds reductions continue. 
 
 In addition to using our investments portfolio to manage liquidity risk, we also use it to manage our interest rate risk and provide a natural hedge to our interest risk exposure created by loans, deposits and borrowings. Refer to " Financial Condition Investments " for further details of the Company's investment portfolio, including the duration of the bond portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Periodically, if deemed appropriate, we use back-to-back loan swaps, interest rate swaps, floors and caps, which are common derivative financial instruments, to hedge our interest rate risk position. The Board of Directors has approved hedging policy statements governing the use of these instruments. The Board and Management ALCO monitor derivative activities relative to their expectations and our hedging policies. Refer Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these derivative instruments. 
 76 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Information required by this Item 3 is included in Item 2. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Risk Management" and such information is incorporated into this Item 3 by reference. 
 
 77 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Company s management conducted an evaluation with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, regarding the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the last fiscal year. In designing and evaluating the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, the Company and its management recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only a reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial and Accounting Officer concluded that they believe the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. We intend to continue to review and document our disclosure controls and procedures, including our internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, and we may from time to time make changes to the disclosure controls and procedures to enhance their effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our business. 
 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 78 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to pending and threatened legal actions. Although the Company is not able to predict the outcome of such actions, after reviewing pending and threatened actions with counsel, management believes that based on the information currently available the outcome of such actions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position as a whole. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There are a number of factors that may adversely affect the Company s business, financial results or stock price. Refer to Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, for discussion of these risks. Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Risk Factors section of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Pending Merger with NFI 
 
 We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger . 
 
 We and NFI have operated independently and will continue to do so until the completion of the merger. The success of the merger, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, will depend on, among other things, our ability to successfully combine our and NFI s businesses, including by minimizing any disruptions to our and NFI s existing customer relationships and business functions, and avoiding any inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. If we are not able successfully to achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management s time and energy and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. There can be no assurance that the anticipated benefits will be realized within the time periods contemplated or at all. 
 
 Regulatory approvals may not be received, may take longer than expected or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or cannot be met. 
 
 Before the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement can be completed, various approvals must be obtained from bank regulatory agencies and other governmental authorities. In deciding whether to grant regulatory approval, the relevant governmental entities will consider a variety of factors, including the regulatory standing of each of the parties. An adverse condition or development in either party s regulatory standing or other factors could prevent or delay the receipt of one or more of the required regulatory approvals. Even if granted, the terms and conditions of the approvals may impose requirements, limitations or costs or place restrictions on the conduct of the combined company s business. Despite the parties commitments to use their reasonable best efforts to obtain regulatory approvals, under the terms of the merger agreement, we and NFI will not be required to complete the merger if any such approval imposes a burdensome condition. There can be no assurance that regulators will not impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions and that such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of delaying the completion of the merger, imposing additional material costs on or materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the merger or otherwise reduce the anticipated benefits of the merger if the merger were completed successfully within the expected timeframe. Additionally, the completion of the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain other closing conditions, including the absence of certain orders, injunctions or decrees by any governmental authority that would prohibit or make illegal the completion of the merger. 
 
 Because of the closing conditions in the merger agreement and the ability of either us or NFI to terminate the merger agreement in specific instances, there can be no assurance when or if the merger will be completed. 
 
 The merger agreement is subject to a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived to complete the merger. Those conditions include, among other things, (i) the accuracy of the other party s representations and warranties, subject to certain materiality standards, including the accuracy of the other party s representation and warranty of the absence of a material adverse effect on the other party, (ii) the other party s performance in all material respects of its obligations under the merger agreement, (iii) the adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby by NFI shareholders, (iv) the absence of any proceeding in connection with, or that could prevent, delay, make illegal or interfere with, any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, (v) the receipt of required regulatory approvals, including the approval of certain federal and state banking agencies, (vi) the effectiveness of the registration statement filed by us in connection with the 
 79 

issuance of our common stock in the merger, (vii) the receipt by each party of an opinion from such party s counsel to the effect that the merger qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, and (viii) the approval for listing on the Nasdaq of the shares of our common stock issuable in the merger. These conditions to the closing of the merger may not be fulfilled in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the merger may not be completed. In addition, the parties can mutually decide to terminate the merger agreement at any time, before or after the required NFI shareholder approval, or we or NFI may elect to terminate the merger agreement in certain other circumstances, including that NFI is permitted to terminate the merger agreement if, as of the date regulatory approvals for the merger are received, the price of our common stock has both decreased by 20 percent or more and decreased by 20 or more relative to a regional banking index, as more fully described in the merger agreement. 
 
 We and NFI will incur transaction and integration costs in connection with the merger. 
 
 We and NFI have each incurred and expect to incur significant, nonrecurring costs in connection with consummating the merger. In addition, we will incur integration costs following the completion of the merger, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. There can be no assurances that the expected benefits and efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will be realized to offset these transaction and integration costs over time. We and NFI may also incur additional costs to maintain employee morale and to retain key employees. We and NFI will also incur significant legal, financial advisor, accounting, banking and consulting fees, fees relating to regulatory filings and notices, SEC filing fees, printing and mailing fees and other costs associated with the merger. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 (a) None 
 (b) None 
 (c) The following table summarizes the Company's stock purchases during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total 
 number of 
 shares (or units) 
 purchased (1) 
 Average price paid per share (or unit) Total number of 
 shares (or units) purchased 
 as part of publicly 
 announced plans or programs (2) 
 Maximum number 
 (or appropriate dollar value) of shares (or 
 units) that may yet be 
 purchased under the 
 plans or programs (2) 
 July 1-31, 2024 
 72 37.76 700,000 August 1-31, 2024 
 137 38.80 700,000 September 1-30, 2024 
 700,000 Total 209 38.44 700,000 
 (1) All shares were surrendered by employees of the Company to satisfy their tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards. 
 (2) In January 2024, the Company announced that the Board of Directors had authorized a common stock repurchase program for management to repurchase up to 750,000 shares. This program replaced the 2023 repurchase program and will terminate upon the earlier of (i) reaching the authorized share repurchase amount, (ii) vote by the Board of Directors to terminate the plan, or (iii) January 5, 2025. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 80 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Definition 2 .1 
 A greement and Plan of Merger, date d as of September 9, 2024, by and between Camden National Corporation and Northway Financial , Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Camden National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2024 and incor porated herein by reference). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Accounting Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language). 
 
 The following materials from Camden National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30,2024, formatted in iXBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Condition - September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; and (vi) Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request. 
 
 81 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CAMDEN NATIONAL CORPORATION (Registrant) /s/ Simon R. Griffiths November 7, 2024 Simon R. Griffiths Date President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Michael R. Archer November 7, 2024 Michael R. Archer Date Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial Accounting Officer 
 82 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a093024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit #31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Simon R. Griffiths, certify that 
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Camden National Corporation 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 s Simon R. Griffiths Simon R. Griffiths President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a093024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit #31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Michael R. Archer, certify that 
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Camden National Corporation 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Michael R. Archer Michael R. Archer Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial & Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a093024exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit #32.1 
 
 Certification of Periodic Financial Report 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 The undersigned officer of Camden National Corporation (the Company hereby certifies that the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 to which this certification is being furnished as an exhibit (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This certification is provided pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(32) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and the Exchange Act. In accordance with clause (ii) of Item 601(b)(32), this certification (a) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to liability of this section, and (b) shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 
 s Simon R. Griffiths November 7, 2024 Simon R. Griffiths Date President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a093024exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit #32.2 
 
 Certification of Periodic Financial Report 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 The undersigned officer of Camden National Corporation (the Company hereby certifies that the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 to which this certification is being furnished as an exhibit (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This certification is provided pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(32) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and the Exchange Act. In accordance with clause (ii) of Item 601(b)(32), this certification (a) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to liability of this section, and (b) shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 
 s Michael R. Archer November 7, 2024 Michael R. Archer Date Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial & Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cac-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cac-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cac-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cac-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cac-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

