<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_1819395_0001819395-24-000095.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6868210</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142291</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1336607</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1939846</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1849002</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1481546</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001819395-24-000095.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241104163943
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001819395-24-000095
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sonder Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001819395
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS, ROOMING HOUSE, CAMPS & OTHER LODGING PLACES [7000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				852097088
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39907
		FILM NUMBER:		241424233

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		447 SUTTER ST. SUITE 405, #542
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-300-0956

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		447 SUTTER ST. SUITE 405, #542
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sonder Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gores Metropoulos II, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200728

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001819395-24-000095.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 sond-20240331.htm
 10-Q

sond-20240331 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ___________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 Commission file number 
 ___________________________________ 
 
 ___________________________________ 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ___________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 The registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of October 29, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit (unaudited) 
 8 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 10 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 45 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 45 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 45 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 46 
 SIGNATURES 
 48 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our expected future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, or continue, or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical experience or our present expectations. 
 
 Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 
 our focus on achieving positive free cash flow FCF 
 our financial, operating and growth forecasts and projections, including our focus on cost reductions and our anticipated reductions in cash burn, including the estimated annualized cost savings from reductions in force and our portfolio optimization program; 
 expectations for our business, revenue, expenses, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows; 
 our license agreement (the Marriott Agreement with Marriott International, Inc. and Global Hospitality Licensing S. R.L (together, Marriott announced on August 19, 2024, including the timing of the integration of our properties, the anticipated benefits of the agreement, and other plans and expectations related to the Marriott relationship; 
 management s conclusion regarding its substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, and the related mitigation plans, including any impact on our key stakeholder relationships; 
 our portfolio optimization program, including lease renegotiation efforts, potential lease amendments, and the scope and timing of property exits, and their potential effects on our portfolio, results of operations, and cash flow, including any anticipated cost savings; 
 our ability to achieve or maintain profitability in the future; 
 trends in the travel and hospitality industries; 
 our pricing and revenue management strategies, pricing and occupancy forecasts and anticipated trends, and expectations about demand elasticity; 
 our expectations concerning future transaction structures and the anticipated rent, rent abatement, capital expenditure provisions, and other terms of our future leases; 
 potential ancillary revenue opportunities and our ability to improve our revenue management capabilities; 
 anticipated capital expenditure obligations, including expectations for real estate owners funding of capital expenditures and other pre-opening costs at our leased properties; 
 the expected adequacy of our capital resources, the availability of future financing or other capital resources, and the anticipated use of proceeds from any financings; 
 trends in corporate travel and the potential for additional group and corporate travel revenue; 
 anticipated occupancy rates and expectations about guests average length of stay; 
 our ability to anticipate and satisfy guest demands, including through the introduction of new features, amenities or services; 
 expectations about our geographic market mix and product mix between hotels and apartments, and their impact on our financial results; 
 expectations about employee relations and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 
 our plans to roll out additional features, amenities and technologies, and our beliefs about the positive impact of our technology investments on our brand and financial results; 
 our competitive advantage and anticipated differentiation in cost structure and guest experience compared to other accommodation providers; 
 expectations for increased cost efficiencies and technological improvements; 
 expectations and plans for expanding in existing and new markets and accommodation categories; 
 the anticipated growth in our portfolio of units that are available for guests to book Live Units and units for which we have signed real estate contracts but which are not yet available for guests to book Contracted Units ), including the anticipated scope and timing of any removals of units from our portfolio; 
 expectations about our relationships with third-party distribution channels and indirect channels, and the percentage of future revenue attributable to bookings through indirect channels; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 anticipated seasonality and other variations in our results of operations from period-to-period, including statements about anticipated Revenue per Available Room RevPAR in specified quarters; 
 the anticipated effects of public health crises; 
 our ability to continue meeting the listing standards of Nasdaq; 
 our assessments and beliefs regarding the timing and outcome of pending legal proceedings and any liability that we may incur as a result of those proceedings; 
 our assessments and estimates that determine our effective tax rate and regarding any tax-related audits or other tax proceedings; and 
 other expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, anticipated developments, and other matters that are not historical facts. 
 
 We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 You should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements because the matters they describe are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Moreover, the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. 
 
 For a discussion of our risk factors, see the section entitled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report and our subsequent SEC filings. Additional factors that could cause results or performance to materially differ from those expressed in our forward-looking statements are detailed in other filings we may make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), copies of which are available from us at no charge. Please consider our forward-looking statements in light of those risks as you read this report. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 SONDER HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use ROU assets 
 Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Taxes payable Deferred revenue Current portion of long-term debt Current operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Long-term debt, net Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Additional paid-in capital Cumulative translation adjustment Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 SONDER HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share data 
 
 Three months ended March 31, 2024 2023 Revenue Costs and operating expenses: Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization) Operations and support General and administrative Research and development Sales and marketing Restructuring and other charges Total costs and operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Interest expense, net Change in fair value of SPAC Warrants ) Change in fair value of Earn Out Liability ) ) Lease adjustment gains, net ) ) Other (income) expense, net ) Total non-operating income, net ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Provision for income taxes Net loss ) ) Basic and diluted net loss per common share 
 Other comprehensive loss: Net loss ) ) Change in foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 SONDER HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Three months ended March 31, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Amortization of operating lease ROU assets Lease adjustment gains, net ) ) Gain on foreign exchange ) ) Capitalization of paid-in-kind interest on long-term debt Amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance costs Change in fair value of SPAC Warrants ) Change in fair value of Earn Out Liability ) ) Other operating activities ) Changes in: Accounts receivable, net ) Prepaid expenses Other current and non-current assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Taxes payable Deferred revenue Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities, net ) ) Other current and non-current liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Capitalization of internal-use software ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayment of debt ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options and common stock warrants Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effects of foreign exchange on cash ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 SONDER HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended March 31, 2024 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Common Stock Post-Combination Exchangeable Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Translation Adjustment Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Deficit Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation Components of comprehensive loss: Net loss ) ) Change in cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 SONDER HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT continued (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended March 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Common Stock Post-Combination Exchangeable Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Translation Adjustment Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Exercise of common stock options 
 Vesting of restricted stock options 
 Conversion of exchangeable stock 
 ) Stock-based compensation 
 Components of comprehensive loss: Net loss ) ) Change in cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 SONDER HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. 

Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with general accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has a history of net losses and negative operating cash flows and expects to continue to incur additional losses in the future. The Company s liquidity may be insufficient to meet its obligations for at least one year from the date of issuance of these financial statements, which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 As a result, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt, which is not alleviated, about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date of issuance of these financial statements. 
 
 Management s plans to address these conditions include: i) meet the requirements and milestones described in Note 14, Subsequent Events , to obtain additional funds through recent arrangements, including million from convertible preferred stock and million from the Marriott Agreement, ii) realize improved operations, including anticipated improvements from integration through the Marriott Agreement, iii) renegotiate lease terms, including possible terminations, of certain properties, and iv) implement cost-cutting initiatives. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 
 Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities Accrued purchases of property and equipment Operating ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities, net of adjustments ) Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 Note 2. 

11 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 
 Indirect revenue Total revenue 
 
 No individual guest represented over 10 of revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Three OTAs represented approximately , , and of revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2024. 
 Three OTAs represented approximately , , and of revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 There were no OTAs that represented of the gross accounts receivable balance at March 31, 2024, and one OTA represented approximately of the gross accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4. 
 
 Deposits due from landlords Other current assets Total other current assets 
 
 Other non-current assets 
 
 Deferred tax assets Debt issuance costs on undrawn credit facilities Other non-current assets Total non-current assets 
 
 Accrued liabilities 
 
 Accrued compensation Accrued direct costs (1) 
 Deferred FF E allowances Accrued other liabilities Total accrued liabilities 
 
 (1) Direct costs include utilities, maintenance, insurance, cleaning, and other expenses related to the Company s properties . 

Note 5. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 public warrants (the Public Warrants and private placement warrants (the Private Placement Warrants ), of which, every 20 warrants are exercisable for one share of common stock at a price of per share (collectively, the SPAC Warrants ). 
 
 Management has determined that the SPAC Warrants issued in the GMII initial public offering, which remained outstanding at consummation of the Business Combination and became exercisable for shares of the Company s common stock, are subject to accounting treatment as a liability. At the consummation of the Business Combination and at March 31, 2024, the Company used the Public Warrants stock price to value the Public Warrants. 
 
 At consummation of the Business Combination, the Company used a Monte Carlo simulation methodology to value the Private Placement Warrants using Level 3 inputs, as the Company did not have observable inputs for the valuation. At December 31, 2022, the Company used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants using Level 3 inputs. During the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Private Placement Warrants were transferred by the original holders and, in accordance with the contractual terms of the Private Placement Warrants, became Public Warrants upon transfer. As such, at March 31, 2024, the Company used the Public Warrants stock price to value all SPAC Warrants. 
 
 At March 31, 2024, the SPAC Warrants were valued at per warrant. 
 
 Refer to Note 8, Warrants and Stockholders Deficit , for additional information about the SPAC Warrants. 
 
 Earn Out Liability 
 
 In addition to the consideration paid at consummation of the Business Combination, certain investors may receive their pro rata share of up to an aggregate of additional shares of the Company s common stock as consideration upon the common stock achieving certain benchmark share prices, as set forth in the merger agreement (the Earn Out ). Management has determined that the Earn Out is subject to treatment as a liability (the Earn Out Liability ). 
 
 At March 31, 2024 , the Company used a Monte Carlo simulation methodology to value the Earn Out using Level 3 inputs. The key assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation are related to expected share-price volatility of , expected term of years, risk-free interest rate of , and dividend yield of . The expected volatility at March 31, 2024 was derived from the volatility of comparable public companies. 
 
 Delayed Draw Warrants 
 
 The fair value of the Delayed Draw Warrants (as defined in Note 6 , Debt was estimated by separating the Delayed Draw Notes (as defined in Note 6, Debt into the debt and warrants components and assigning a fair value to each component. The value assigned to the debt component was the estimated fair value as of the issuance date of similar debt without the warrants. The value assigned to the Delayed Draw Warrants component was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using Level 3 inputs and was considered to be non-recurring in nature, in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement . The warrants component was recorded as a debt discount, which is amortized using the effective interest method over the period from the date of issuance through the maturity date. Upon consummation of the Business Combination, the fair value of the Delayed Draw Warrants was million and was included in additional paid-in capital in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Public Warrants Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 At December 31, 2023, the Earn Out Liability and Public Warrants liability were included in other non-current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The following table presents fair value information for liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 Level 1 Level 3 Total Earn Out Liability Public Warrants Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 Change in fair value of Earn Out Liability ) Ending balance, at March 31, 2024 
 
 The following table presents changes in the Company s Level 3 liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the year ended December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 Level 3 Beginning balance, at January 1, 2023 Change in fair value of Earn Out Liability ) Ending balance, at December 31, 2023 
 
 There were no transfers of financial instruments between valuation levels during the three months ended March 31, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Management estimates that the fair values of its cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, other current assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, sales tax payable, deferred revenue, and other current liabilities approximates their carrying values due to the relatively short maturity of the instruments. The carrying value of the Company s long-term debt approximates its fair value because it bears interest at a market rate and all other terms are also reflective of current market terms. 
 
 These assumptions are inherently subjective and involve significant management judgment. Any change in fair value is recognized as a component of non-operating (income) expense, net, on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Note 6. 

15 

Table of Contents 

 million to be available to the Company following the consummation of the Business Combination (the Delayed Draw Notes ). The Delayed Draw Notes Purchase Agreement also provided for the issuance of warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, with an exercise price of per share (the Delayed Draw Warrants ). 
 
 In November 2023, the Delayed Draw Note Purchase Agreement was amended to (i) extend the ability to pay interest in kind on the Delayed Draw Notes through July 19, 2024, (ii) provide for the repayment by the Company of million of the outstanding principal amount of the Delayed Draw Notes, plus a prepayment premium of approximately million, and (iii) add a minimum liquidity covenant and a minimum FCF covenant. 
 
 On June 10, 2024, the Delayed Draw Notes Purchase Agreement was further amended to provide for (i) a permanent waiver of any non-compliance resulting from the NPA Waived Matters (as defined below), (ii) the limited forbearance of certain rights and remedies available under the transaction documents, (iii) the amendment of certain financial covenants, and (iv) additional commitments with an aggregate principal amount of million. In addition, purchasers of the Delayed Draw Notes also received detachable warrants (the Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, each with an exercise price of per share and an expiration date after the issuance date, and previously issued warrants to Delayed Draw Notes purchasers were canceled. The purchasers of Delayed Draw Notes were also provided with customary registration rights for shares issuable upon exercise of the newly issued Warrants. Subsequently on June 10, 2024, the Company issued the million of Delayed Draw Notes, together with the Warrants. The Company used the proceeds from this issuance for general corporate purposes. 
 
 On July 12, 2024, the Delayed Draw Notes Purchase Agreement was further amended to provide for additional commitments with an aggregate principal amount of up to million issuable at the Company s election. Subsequently on July 12, 2024, the Company issued the million of Delayed Draw Notes. The Company used the proceeds from this issuance for general corporate purposes. 
 
 On August 13, 2024, the Delayed Draw Notes Purchase Agreement was further amended to (i) extend the maturity date of all outstanding Delayed Draw Notes to December 10, 2027, (ii) extend the Payment-in-Kind PIK interest payments through March 31, 2025, and at the option of the Purchasers further extend the PIK interest payments through December 31, 2026, and (iii) provide for additional commitments with an aggregate principal amount of up to million. Subsequently on August 13, 2024, the Company issued the million of Delayed Draw Notes. The Company used the proceeds from this issuance for general corporate purposes. 
 
 On October 28, 2024, the Company entered into a limited waiver and consent agreement (the NPA Waiver to the Delayed Draw Notes Purchase Agreement to provide for (a) a permanent waiver of any non-compliance resulting from (x) the Company entering into certain lease modification agreements to that certain Lease with respect to certain premises located in the building known as and located at 23-20 Jackson Avenue, Long Island City, New York 11101, as amended, and (y) the Company s failure to deliver the 2023 Audit and/or the 2024 Audit without a going concern or like qualification (the NPA Waived Matters ), and (b) the Company s commitment to, on the date that the Company files its Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing the voting results of the Company s 2024 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2024 Annual Meeting ), (1) if the Share Increase Proposal (as defined in the NPA Waiver) is approved at the 2024 Annual Meeting, issue warrants to the Investors to purchase an aggregate of (A) shares of the Company s common stock, if the Company elects to issue warrants with an exercise price of or (B) shares of the Company s common stock, if the Company elects to issue warrants with an exercise price of , or (2) if the Share Increase Proposal is not approved at the 2024 Annual Meeting, make a payment to the Investors in the aggregate amount of . As a result of the NPA Waiver, the debt balances associated with the Delayed Draw Notes have been reclassified from current portion of long-term debt to long-term debt, net as of March 31, 2024. 
 
 At both March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the effective interest rate of the Delayed Draw Notes was . 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million in exchange for conveying an interest in certain furniture, fixtures, and equipment FF E ). The EFA contains customary terms and events of default and provides for quarterly payments with an effective interest rate of approximately at both March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, which includes a balloon payment at the end of the term. The agreement matures in July 2026. Upon maturity, all interest in the subject FF E will revert back to the Company. 
 
 EFA Less: debt discount related to Delayed Draw Warrants, net of amortization ) ) Less: unamortized deferred issuance costs ) ) Total debt, net Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt, net 
 
 At March 31, 2024 the current portion of long-term debt consisted of million in principal on the EFA. At December 31, 2023 the current portion of long-term debt consisted of million in principal on the Delayed Draw Notes Purchase Agreement and million in principal on the EFA. 
 
 2022 Loan and Security Agreement 
 
 In December 2022, the Company entered into a loan and security agreement with Silicon Valley Bank SVB (now, a division of First Citizens Bank Trust Company) (the 2022 Loan and Security Agreement for a revolving line of credit in an aggregate principal balance of million with a maturity date of December 21, 2025. The facility may be utilized for revolving loans or letter of credit issuances subject to the terms of the agreement. As of March 31, 2024, all letters of credit under this facility are fully cash collateralized, and as a result, the Company may not draw against the facility pursuant to the terms of the agreement. The 2022 Loan and Security Agreement includes: (i)(x) a letter of credit fee for each letter of credit equal to per annum of the dollar equivalent of the face amount of each letter of credit issued and (y) a letter of credit fronting fee equal to per annum of the dollar equivalent of the face amount of each letter of credit issued, and (ii) an unused revolving line fee equal to per annum of the average unused portion of the revolving line of credit. 
 
 In April 2023, the Company amended the 2022 Loan and Security Agreement. Among other things, the amendment (i) reduced the required cash holdings account balances in the Company s operating accounts, securities accounts, and depository accounts at or through SVB or its affiliates, (ii) amends the minimum consolidated adjusted EBITDA financial covenant, and (iii) provided additional flexibility to the Company under certain of the negative covenants in the agreement. 
 
 In November 2023, the Company further amended the 2022 Loan and Security Agreement. The amendment (i) removed the adjusted quick ratio financial covenant to which the Company was previously subject, (ii) updated certain financial reporting requirements, (iii) reduced the letter of credit sublimit from million to million, and (iv) permitted a prepayment of the Company s existing subordinated secured notes. 
 
 At March 31, 2024, and as of the date the condensed consolidated financial statements were issued, the Company is in compliance with all financial covenants related to the 2022 Loan and Security Agreement, as amended. Additionally, at March 31, 2024, there were no revolving borrowings outstanding under the 2022 Loan and Security Agreement. Outstanding letters of credit at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were permitted under the 2022 Loan and Security Agreement and totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 On September 26, 2024, the Company entered into a Waiver Agreement with SVB, pursuant to which SVB waived any Default or Event of Default (each as defined in the 2022 Loan and Security Agreement) related to covenant non-compliance resulting from management s conclusion that there is substantial doubt, which is not alleviated, about the 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million and an additional loan, referred to as a conditional-refund financial contribution CRFC ), of CAD million (the 2020 Qu bec Credit Facility ). The loan and the CRFC bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum for a period of years starting from the first date of the loan disbursement. At December 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants related to the 2020 Qu bec Credit Facility, but had not yet met the drawdown requirements, and as such, there have been borrowings against the 2020 Qu bec Credit Facility. On July 29, 2024, the Company received formal notification from Investissement Qu bec that, at the Company s request, the 2020 Qu bec Credit Facility had been terminated. 
 
 Restricted Cash 
 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company entered into multiple cash collateral agreements in connection with the issuance of letters of credit and corporate credit card programs. At March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, of cash collateral which is reported as restricted cash on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Note 7. 
 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total operating lease cost 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Operating ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities, net of adjustments (1) 
 ) Early lease terminations gains (1) 
 
 (1) Operating ROU assets declines and early lease termination gains are primarily related to the impact of lease terminations. We undertook an initiative in 2024 to renegotiate or exit certain properties where there exists unfavorable lease terms. 
 
 At both March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the weighted-average remaining lease term was years and the weighted-average discount rate used to determine the net present value of the lease liabilities was and at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Gross lease payments Less: imputed interest Total operating lease liabilities, net 

Note 8. 
 
 post-combination shares of the Company s common stock for a value of million, and (ii) the Company s then existing Series C and Series D preferred stock warrants automatically converted into warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The Series C and Series D preferred stock warrants are accounted for as equity in accordance with ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity ASC 815-40 ). 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Delayed Draw Issuance : On June 10, 2024, in connection with the amendment to the Delayed Draw Notes Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers also received Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, with an exercise price of per share and an expiration date after the issuance date. The Purchasers were also provided with customary registration rights for the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The Warrants are accounted for as equity in accordance with ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity ASC 815-40 ). 
 
 Delayed Draw Warrants : The Delayed Draw Warrants which were outstanding as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were issued to the initial Purchasers and were accounted for as equity-classified warrants in accordance with ASC 815-40. Upon consummation of the Business Combination, the value of the Delayed Draw Warrants was million and was recorded within additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. The Purchasers were also provided with customary registration rights for the shares issuable upon exercise of the Delayed Draw Warrants. Such warrants were canceled in connection with the June 10, 2024 amendment to the Delayed Draw Notes Purchase Agreement. 
 
 SPAC Warrants : The SPAC Warrants are accounted for as liabilities, as there are certain terms and features of the warrants that do not qualify for equity classification in accordance with ASC 815-40. The fair value of the SPAC Warrants at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was a liability of million and million respectively, which were recorded in other non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. The change in fair value of million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 is reflected as non-operating income in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 
 At March 31, 2023, the fair value of the SPAC Warrants was million and was recorded in other non-current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The change in fair value of million for the three months ended March 31, 2023 is reflected as non-operating income in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 
 Exchangeable Stock 
 
 Upon consummation of the Business Combination on January 18, 2022, each share of Sonder Canada Inc. Legacy Sonder Canada exchangeable common stock Legacy Sonder Canada Exchangeable Stock and collectively, Legacy Sonder Canada Exchangeable Shares was exchanged into a new series of the same class of virtually identical Legacy Sonder Canada Exchangeable Common Stock Post-Combination Exchangeable Common Stock and collectively, Post-Combination Exchangeable Shares exchangeable for the Company s common stock. On that date, all the Legacy Sonder Canada Exchangeable Shares were automatically converted into Post-Combination Exchangeable Shares for a value of million. 
 
 Shares issued and outstanding Issuance price per share Net carrying value Aggregate liquidation preference 
 
 The net carrying value of the Post-Combination Exchangeable Shares is included in additional paid-in capital in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

shares, consisting of: (a) shares of general common stock, including: (i) shares of common stock, and (ii) shares of Special Voting Common Stock, and (b) shares of preferred stock, par value per share. 
 
 Outstanding stock options Outstanding restricted stock units RSUs Outstanding market stock units MSUs Outstanding Public Warrants liability Shares issuable pursuant to Earn Out Liability Outstanding Delayed Draw Notes warrants liability Outstanding former Series C and D preferred stock warrants liability Shares available for grant under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan Shares available for grant under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Shares available for grant under the 2023 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan Total common stock reserved for future issuance 

Note 9. 
 
 General and administrative Research and development Sales and marketing Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 Stock Options : The Company measures stock-based compensation expense for stock options at the grant date fair value of the award and recognizes the expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. During the three months ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense from stock options of approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company recognizes only the portion of the option award granted that is ultimately expected to vest as compensation expense and elects to recognize gross share-based compensation expense with actual forfeitures as they occur. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 Dividend yield Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Weighted-average grant-date fair value per share - 
 - 

Performance and Market-Based Equity Awards 
 
 The Company maintains certain performance and market-based equity awards. Refer to Note 11, Equity Incentive Plans and Stock-Based Compensation , of the Annual Report for details of the awards. From the awards, the Company recognized stock compensation expense of million and million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 RSUs 
 
 The fair value of the Company s RSUs is expensed ratably over the vesting period. The Company s RSUs generally vest over , with a cliff equal to one-fourth of the award after the first year, and then quarterly thereafter over the remaining service period. For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense from RSUs of approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 MSUs 
 
 In May 2022, the Company issued MSUs to certain key executives in accordance with the Company s 2021 Management Equity Incentive Plan. One-sixth of the MSUs vest upon (including prior to but contingent on) the occurrence of each of distinct triggering events, including if certain share price targets are met, within the period ending July 17, 2027. 
 
 , using the accelerated attribution method. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company did t grant any MSUs. During the three months ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, in stock-based compensation expense from MSUs. 

Note 10. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents ) Denominator: Weighted average basic and diluted common shares outstanding Net loss per common share: Basic and diluted 
 
 Common stock subject to repurchase or forfeiture 
 Outstanding RSUs Outstanding MSUs Exchangeable shares 
 Total common stock equivalents 

Note 11. 
 
 surety providers in the amount of million, of which million was outstanding. The availability, terms and conditions, and pricing of bonding capacity are dependent on, among other things, continued financial strength and stability of the insurance company affiliates providing the bonding capacity, general availability of such capacity, and the Company s corporate credit rating. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Matters 
 
 The Company has been and expects to continue to become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings from time to time, including the matter described below. Except as described below, the Company is not currently a party to any litigation or legal proceedings that, in the opinion of management, is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. Regardless of outcome, litigation and other legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on the Company because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, possible restrictions on the business as a result of settlement or adverse outcomes, and other factors. 
 
 In February 2020, the Company was informed about an investigation underway by the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene relating to possible Legionella bacteria contamination in the water supply at the Company s property located at 20 Broad Street, New York, NY (the Broad Street Property ). Due to the failure of the owner of the Broad Street Property (the Broad Street Landlord to address the Legionella bacteria contamination and the associated health risks posed to guests, the Company withheld payment of rent to the Broad Street Landlord on grounds of, among other reasons, constructive eviction. On July 30, 2020, the Broad Street Landlord sued Sonder USA Inc., Sonder Canada 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million in damages. The Company filed counterclaims against the Broad Street Landlord and the property management company for breach of contract, seeking significant damages. The Broad Street Landlord filed a motion for summary judgment. The hearing and oral argument for the summary judgment motion occurred on December 21, 2021. On October 13, 2023, the court issued an order granting the summary judgment motion with respect to liability for the claim fo r breach of guaranty against Sonder Canada Inc., the claim for breach of contract against Sonder USA Inc., and reasonable attorney s fees; dismissing Sonder s counterclaims; and ordering a trial for the amount of damages. On November 13, 2023, Sonder filed a notice of appeal of the October 13, 2023 court order on liability. On May 9, 2024, the appellate court affirmed the trial court s order as to liability, but directed the trial court to allow Sonder the right to conduct discovery concerning the amount of the Broad Street Landlord s alleged damages. Discovery has commenced in the trial court regarding the Broad Street Landlord s alleged damages. The Broad Street Landlord has provided information in discovery indicating that through June 2024, it is seeking million in alleged damages. A trial date to determine damages has not yet been set. On June 12, 2024, Sonder filed a motion in the appellate court seeking leave to reargue aspects of the appellate court s order, or alternatively, for leave to appeal the order. On September 26, 2024, the appellate court granted Sonder s motion to reargue and issued an order reversing the trial court s decision to dismiss Sonder s breach of contract claim related to the Broad Street Landlord s failure to maintain the plumbing systems in good repair for the period prior to when Sonder began withholding payment of rent. 
 
 The Company establishes an accrued liability for loss contingencies related to legal matters when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. These accruals represent management s best estimate of probable losses. The Company recorded an estimated accrual of million and million in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Management s views and estimates related to these matters may change in the future, as new events and circumstances arise and the matters continue to develop. Until the final resolution of legal matters, there may be an exposure to losses in excess of the amounts accrued. With respect to outstanding legal matters, based on management s current knowledge, the amount or range of reasonably possible loss will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 
 Tax Contingencies 
 
 The Company is subject to audit or examination by various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to tax matters. Income tax examinations may lead to ordinary course adjustments or proposed adjustments to the Company s taxes or net operating losses with respect to years under examination as well as subsequent periods. Indirect tax examinations may lead to ordinary course adjustments or proposed adjustments to transaction taxes which may increase operating expenses. The Company establishes an accrued liability for loss contingencies related to tax matters when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. These accruals represent management s best estimate of probable losses. The Company recorded estimated accruals of million in the taxes payable line item of the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of both March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, for such matters. 
 
 Changes in tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations may impact the Company s tax contingencies. Due to various factors, including the inherent complexities and uncertainties of the judicial, administrative, and regulatory processes in certain jurisdictions, the timing of the resolution of income tax controversies is highly uncertain, and the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues raised by the taxing authorities may differ from the amounts accrued. It is reasonably possible that within the next twelve months the Company will receive additional assessments by various tax authorities or possibly reach resolution of tax controversies in one or more jurisdictions. These assessments or settlements could result in changes to the Company s contingencies related to positions on prior years tax filings. The actual amount of any change could vary significantly depending on the ultimate timing and nature of any settlements, and the range of possible outcomes is not currently estimable. 
 
 Indemnifications 
 
 The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with all of its directors. The indemnification agreements and the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws require the Company to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent not prohibited by Delaware law. Subject to certain limitations, the indemnification agreements and Bylaws also require the Company to advance expenses incurred by its directors. No demands have been made for the Company to provide indemnification under the indemnification agreements or the Bylaws, and thus, there are no claims that management is aware of that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Note 12. 
 
 million and million, respectively. The difference between the Company s effective tax rate and the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 was primarily due to a full valuation allowance related to the Company s net deferred tax assets. 

Note 13. 
 
 of the corporate workforce. As part of this restructuring, the Company incurred million in one-time restructuring costs for the year ended December 31, 2023, all of which had been paid out as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 On February 20, 2024, the Company announced a reduction in force affecting corporate roles, or of the corporate workforce. The Company substantially completed these efforts during the first quarter of 2024. Total costs and cash expenditures were approximately million, primarily related to employee severance and benefits costs, and were recognized and substantially paid in the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 These restructuring costs are included in restructuring and other charges in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Note 14. 
 
 million. In addition, purchasers of the Delayed Draw Notes also received Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, each with an exercise price of per share and an expiration date after the issuance date, and previously issued warrants to Delayed Draw Notes purchasers were canceled. The purchasers of Delayed Draw Notes were also provided with customary registration rights for shares issuable upon exercise of the newly issued Warrants. Subsequently, on June 10, 2024, the Company issued the million of Delayed Draw Notes together with the Warrants. The Company used the proceeds from this issuance for general corporate purposes. 
 
 On July 12, 2024, the Delayed Draw Notes Purchase Agreement was amended to provide for additional commitments with an aggregate principal amount of up to million issuable at the Company s election. Subsequently on July 12, 2024, the Company issued the million of Delayed Draw Notes. The Company used the proceeds from this issuance for general corporate purposes. 
 
 On August 13, 2024, the Delayed Draw Notes Purchase Agreement was further amended to (i) extend the maturity date of all outstanding Delayed Draw Notes to December 10, 2027, (ii) extend the PIK interest payments through March 31, 2025, and at the option of the Purchasers further extend the PIK interest payments through December 31, 2026, and (iii) provide for additional commitments with an aggregate principal amount of up to million. Subsequently on August 13, 2024, the Company issued the million of Delayed Draw Notes. The Company used the proceeds from this issuance for general corporate purposes. 
 
 Limited Waiver and Consent Agreement to Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement 
 
 On October 28, 2024, the Company entered into the NPA Waiver to provide for (a) a permanent waiver of any non-compliance resulting from the NPA Waived Matters and (b) the Company s commitment to, on the date that the Company 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 shares of the Company s common stock, if the Company elects to issue warrants with an exercise price of or (B) shares of the Company s common stock, if the Company elects to issue warrants with an exercise price of , or (2) if the Share Increase Proposal is not approved at the 2024 Annual Meeting, make a payment to the Investors in the aggregate amount of . 
 
 2022 Loan and Security Agreement Amendments and Waiver 
 
 On June 10, 2024, the 2022 Loan and Security Agreement was amended to provide, among other things, for (i) SVB s consent with respect to the amendment to the Delayed Draw Notes Purchase Agreement, and (ii) a permanent waiver of any non-compliance resulting from the NPA Waived Matters. 
 
 On July 12, 2024, the 2022 Loan and Security Agreement was further amended to provide, among other things, for SVB s consent to the amendment to the Delayed Draw Notes Purchase Agreement. 
 
 On September 26, 2024, the Company entered into a Waiver Agreement with SVB, pursuant to which SVB waived any Default or Event of Default (each as defined in the 2022 Loan and Security Agreement) related to covenant non-compliance resulting from management s conclusion that there is substantial doubt, which is not alleviated, about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date of issuance of these financial statements. 
 
 On October 28, 2024, the Company entered into a waiver agreement (the SVB Waiver ), by and among the Company, certain of its domestic subsidiaries party thereto, as co-borrowers (together with the Company, the Borrowers ), and Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company SVB ), as lender, which waived certain provisions under the Loan and Security Agreement dated as of December 21, 2022, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 28, 2023, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of November 6, 2023, as further amended by that certain Waiver and Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of June 10, 2024, as further amended by that certain Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of July 12, 2024, as further amended by that certain Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 13, 2024, and as further affected by that certain Waiver Agreement dated as of September 26, 2024. Among other things, the SVB Waiver provides for a waiver of any non-compliance resulting from the Waived Matters (as defined therein). 
 
 SVB and its affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with Borrowers or their affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
 
 Lawsuit Settlements 
 
 On July 24, 2024, the Company favorably settled lawsuits related to certain property leases for a total of million payable in tranches of million each. The Company received the first tranche in July 2024 with the remaining two payments forthcoming in 2025. The Company will recognize the settlement income when it is realized and earned accordingly in the periods of payment receipt. 
 
 Marriott License Agreement 
 
 On August 13, 2024, the Company entered into the Marriott Agreement, whereby the Company s portfolio of properties is expected to join the Marriott system under a newly-created collection called Sonder by Marriott Bonvoy. Under the Marriott Agreement, the Company s properties will become available for booking on Marriott s digital platforms, including Marriott.com and the Marriott Bonvoy mobile app, and the Company will also gain access to Marriott s global sales and marketing capabilities and distribution platform. 
 
 The initial term of the Marriott Agreement will expire years after the Initial Onboarding Date, the date upon which our properties are integrated into the Marriott platform and systems, and is expected to be in the first quarter of 2025, and provides for extensions for consecutive renewal terms. The Marriott Agreement also includes other rights and provisions related to the term of the agreement. 
 
 The Company must comply with certain Marriott standards, including, among others, those related to data privacy, cyber security, fire protection and life safety, third-party distributions and use of intellectual property, and customary franchise 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 million of Key Money in tranches by March 31, 2025. If the Marriott Agreement is terminated for any reason, the Company must reimburse Marriott, before the effective date of the termination, the Unamortized Key Money. 
 
 During the first of the Marriott Agreement term, Marriott has agreed not to open any properties pursuant to an agreement for a Platform Transaction with certain specified Company competitors, subject to certain exclusions. For the duration of the term, subject to standard terms and processes, Marriott has agreed that it will designate the Company as an approved operator for the Apartments by Marriott Bonvoy brand worldwide. Also for the duration of the Marriott Agreement term, the Company has agreed not to open any Lodging Facility, unless the Company first proposes that it be included under the Marriott Agreement and Marriott confirms it is restricted from being included, in which case, the exclusivity will not apply so long as any third-party that the Company contracts with regarding such opening is not a Marriott Competitor. 
 
 Following the anniversary of the Marriott Agreement, the Company and Marriott will each have the right to terminate the agreement upon notice to the other party and payment of a termination fee and unamortized key money upon any transfer (or series of transfers) of: (i) of more of the direct or indirect ownership interests in the Company to any Non-Controlled Person; (ii) or more of the Company s direct or indirect ownership interests in all of the Properties to any Non-Controlled Person; or (iii) the right to control the day-to-day management or operations of the Company or each Company party that owns, leases or operates a Property to any Non-Controlled Person. 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined in the foregoing description of the Marriott Agreement have the meanings ascribed to them in the agreement. 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock Issuance and Related Agreements 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreements 
 
 On August 13, 2024, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements (the Securities Purchase Agreements with certain qualified institutional buyers or accredited investors (collectively, the Purchasers (the Private Placement of an aggregate of million newly issued shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), in exchange for cash consideration in an aggregate amount of approximately million. The sale of the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements will take place in tranches, with the first tranche, comprised of approximately million shares of preferred stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, that closed on August 13, 2024 and the second tranche, comprised of approximately million shares of preferred stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, closing upon the satisfaction of certain closing conditions set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreements, including the filing of the Annual Report and the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024 (collectively, the SEC Documents ). 
 
 The shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and sold in the Private Placement are being issued and sold in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Rule 506(b) thereunder. 
 
 A portion of the Series A Preferred Stock is immediately convertible into approximately million shares of the Company s common stock. Following receipt of Stockholder Approval (as defined below), all million shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will be convertible into shares of common stock. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 calendar days of the filing of the SEC Documents for the purpose of obtaining stockholder approval of proposals to issue shares of common stock to the Purchasers in connection with the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock into common stock that would, absent such approval, violate Nasdaq Rules 5635(b), (c) and (d) (the Stockholder Approval ). The Securities Purchase Agreements also require the Company to file a registration statement under the Securities Act within 30 calendar days of the filing of the SEC Documents with respect to the resale of shares of common stock receivable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. At the Special Meeting of Stockholders held on September 30, 2024, the Company obtained the Shareholder Approval. 
 
 Francis Davidson, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, and Sanjay Banker, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, are parties to Securities Purchase Agreements, with commitments of approximately , and , respectively, in the Private Placement. Mr. Davidson and Mr. Banker have each agreed that they may not convert any shares of Series A Preferred Stock to common stock prior to the Company s receipt of Stockholder Approval. 
 
 The Securities Purchase Agreements grant the Purchasers the right to purchase up to of any equity offering within the next (a Subsequent Financing ). The Purchasers are entitled to participate on a pro-rata basis (determined by their proportionate participation in the Private Placement) at a purchase price equal to of the purchase price of any other investor in such Subsequent Financing. 
 
 The Securities Purchase Agreements contain other representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and the Purchasers. 
 
 Voting Agreements 
 
 On August 13, 2024, the Company entered into agreements with holders of approximately of its then-outstanding shares of common stock pursuant to which the stockholder parties thereto agreed to vote in favor of the Stockholder Approval. 
 
 Certificate of Designation; Other Terms of Preferred Stock 
 
 In connection with the Private Placement, the Company filed the Certificate of Designation (the Certificate of Designation creating the Series A Preferred Stock and establishing the rights, preferences and other terms of the Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to the common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution and winding up, and has a liquidation preference equal to the original issue price of per share of Series A Preferred Stock, as adjusted for any stock dividends, splits, combinations and similar events on the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the board of directors of the Company, cumulative dividends in cash (subject to certain conditions), at a rate of (a) fifteen percent from August 13, 2024 through August 13, 2025, (b) ten percent from August 14, 2025 through August 13, 2027, and (c) five percent from August 14, 2027 through August 13, 2028 on the sum of (i) the liquidation preference per share of Series A Preferred Stock and (ii) all accumulated and unpaid dividends (if any), payable quarterly, in arrears. Dividends accumulate on a daily basis from the most recent date as to which dividends have been paid, or, if no dividends have been paid, from the date of issuance of such shares of Series A Preferred Stock (whether or not (i) any of the Company s agreements prohibit the current payment of dividends, (ii) there shall be earnings or funds of the Company legally available for the payment of such dividends or (iii) the Company declares the payment of dividends), until the earlier of: (i) the date that the Company publicly reports that it has realized at least million of FCF (representing cash used in operating activities plus cash used in investing activities) over a twelve month period; or (ii) August 13, 2028. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless converted into common stock. The Series A Preferred Stock will be convertible at the holders option into common stock at an initial conversion price of the lower of (i) and (ii) a ten percent discount to the lowest daily VWAP of the common stock on the principal trading market therefor in the seven ) trading days prior to the date of delivery of an Optional Conversion Notice (as defined in the Certificate of Designation); provided that the conversion price will not be less than , as adjusted for any stock dividends, splits, combinations or other similar events on the common stock or Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock is required to among other things (i) alter or change the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock or of any other capital stock of the Company so as to affect adversely the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) create, authorize the creation of, or issue any Senior Securities or Parity Securities (as such terms are defined in the Certificate of Designation) to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend, redemption or distribution of assets upon a Fundamental Change, (iii) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, (iv) other than in connection with the Stockholder Approval, prior to July 1, 2025 increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, (v) issue more than a number of shares of common stock set forth in the Certificate of Designation prior to July 1, 2025, or (vi) issue any Series A Preferred Stock except pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreements. 
 
 Limited Waiver and Consent Agreement to Certificate of Designation of Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 On or about October 24, 2024, the Company entered into a Limited Waiver and Consent Agreements (the COD Waiver ), by and among the Company and each of the holders party thereto (the Preferred Stockholders of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Preferred Stock to the Certificate of Designation of Powers, Preferences and Rights of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, dated as of August 13, 2024 (the Certificate of Designation ). Among other things, the COD Waiver provides for (a) the consent by the Preferred Stockholders, which constitute in the aggregate the Requisite Holders (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) as required by the Certificate of Designation, to increase the Company s authorized shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Share Increase Proposal and (b) the waiver by the Preferred Stockholders, which constitute in the aggregate at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock as required by the Certificate of Designation, of the anti-dilution provisions described in the Certificate of Designation in connection with the issuance of warrants pursuant to the NPA Waiver. 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 On October 1, 2024, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect an increase in the number of authorized shares (the Authorized Shares Increase of common stock of the Company, par value per share, effective as of 4:01 p.m., Eastern Time, on October 1, 2024 (the Effective Time ). 
 
 The Company s stockholders approved the Authorized Shares Increase at a Special Meeting of Stockholders held on September 30, 2024. 
 
 As of the Effective Time, the Company s total number of authorized shares of all classes of capital stock will be increased from to . The number of authorized shares of common stock will increase from shares to shares. The number of authorized shares of special voting common stock will remain unchanged, with shares authorized. The number of authorized shares of preferred stock will remain unchanged with shares authorized. 
 
 Notice of Delisting 
 
 On October 1, 2024, the Company received a letter (the Staff Determination Letter from the Staff of the Listing Qualifications Department Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that it had filed the Annual Report with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), but that the Company had not filed its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended June 30, 2024 (the Q2 2024 Form 10-Q and March 31, 2024 (the 
 29 

Table of Contents 

30 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Sonder Holdings Inc. Sonder, we, us or our should be read together with Sonder s condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in the Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Sonder s actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the section entitled Risk Factors herein or in the Annual Report and our subsequent SEC filings. Sonder s historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. Except as otherwise noted, all references to 2023 refer to the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Overview 
 
 We are a leading global brand of premium, design-forward apartments and intimate boutique hotels serving the modern traveler. Launched in 2014, Sonder offers inspiring, thoughtfully designed accommodations and innovative, tech-enabled service combined into one seamless experience. Sonder properties are found in prime locations in over 40 markets, spanning ten countries and three continents. The Sonder app gives guests full control over their stay. Complete with self-service features, simple check-in and 24/7 on-the-ground support, amenities and services at Sonder are just a tap away, making a world of better stays open to all. In summer 2024, the company announced a strategic licensing agreement with Marriott. As of March 31, 2024, we had approximately 11,900 units available for guests to book at over 250 properties in 46 cities in 10 countries. 

The Company s Business Model 
 We lease properties that meet our standards, furnish and decorate them to provide a design-led, technology-enabled experience, and then make them available for guests to book directly (through the Sonder app, our website, or our sales personnel) or through indirect channels (such as Airbnb, Expedia, and Booking.com). Additionally, we operate boutique hotels designated as Powered by Sonder properties, each with its own unique design elements and features, and which are available for guests to book in the same manner as our other properties. We manage our properties using proprietary and third-party technologies and deliver services to guests via the Sonder app and 24/7 on-the-ground support. Incorporating technology into all aspects of the business, we offer consistent quality at a compelling value to our guests. 
 
 Our accommodations come in a variety of shapes and sizes to suit guests needs from a multiple-bedroom apartment with fully-equipped kitchen and private laundry facilities, to a hotel room or suite. Our guests include leisure travelers, families, digital nomads, and business travelers. 
 
 We currently lease all of our properties. In many of our leases, we have negotiated an upfront allowance paid by the real estate owner to help offset the capital invested to prepare and furnish a building and the individual units. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Developments 
 Portfolio Optimization - In November 2023, we implemented a portfolio optimization program to mitigate losses related to certain underperforming properties and to assess the Company s portfolio of rents relative to current operations and existing market rents. As described in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 11, 2024, as of June 10, 2024, we had signed agreements to exit or reduce rent for approximately 105 buildings, or 4,300 units. Of the approximately 80 buildings, or 3,200 units, with finalized exit agreements, we had already exited approximately 60 buildings, or 2,300 units, as of June 10, 2024. We expect to exit the remaining buildings throughout the remainder of 2024. As of June 30, 2024, we had approximately 10,300 Live Units and 1,800 Contracted Units, and we leased and operated properties in 46 cities and 10 countries. 
 
 Restructuring - On February 20, 2024 we announced a reduction in force plan affecting 106 corporate roles, or 17 of the corporate workforce, which is estimated to lead to approximately 11 million in annualized cost savings. We substantially completed these efforts during the first quarter of 2024. Total costs and cash expenditures were approximately 3 million, primarily related to employee severance and benefits costs, and were recognized and substantially paid in the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 Notes and Warrants - On June 11, 2024 and July 15, 2024, we announced that we had issued 10.0 million and 6.0 million, respectively, of Delayed Draw Notes, and issued Warrants to purchase 475,264 shares of common stock to the Purchasers, pursuant to amendments to the Delayed Draw Note Purchase Agreement. The Warrants to purchase 123,750 shares of our common stock that were originally issued to the Purchasers were canceled in connection with such amendments. 

Management Discussion Regarding Opportunities, Challenges and Risks 
 
 Cash Flow Positive Plan 
 
 Our primary focus is to put the business on a solid path to achieving sustainable positive FCF, adjusted, as soon as possible. FCF, adjusted, is a non-GAAP measure, and the most directly comparable GAAP measure is cash used in operating activities, which was (40.3) million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 compared to (35.3) million for the three months ended March 31, 2023. We have continued to make progress toward this goal as our FCF, adjusted, of (28.5) million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was a 12.1 million improvement compared to the three months ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 As part of our efforts to reach positive FCF, adjusted, we have undertaken a portfolio optimization program, which involves discussions with landlords about renegotiating the terms of our leases at certain properties. This process has resulted and may result in contract modifications resulting in changes to rent amounts, lease durations, or other provisions of our lease agreements and has resulted and may result in the termination of certain leases leading to the transition of certain properties over time and the incurrence of certain expenses including but not limited to termination fees and impairment charges, which could be material. The goal of this initiative is to reduce those properties impact on our profitability and cash flow through mutually agreeable solutions. The scope of the initiative can be expected to change over time, and we cannot predict the number or product mix of the units that may be ultimately affected. Although we are optimistic about reaching mutually beneficial outcomes in many of these continuing discussions, the terms, scope, and timing of any additional changes to our lease obligations, as well as any other effects on our landlord relationships or reputation with future real estate owners and guests who are affected by property transitions, are uncertain. 
 
 Our ability to reach our FCF, adjusted, goal is subject to certain risks, including potential changes in travel demand due to macroeconomic factors or other developments affecting travel; inflation; uncertainties associated with the timing and scope of new property openings; uncertainties associated with the portfolio optimization program described above; and our ability to achieve our other intended cost reductions and efficiencies; and other risks and uncertainties described under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in the Annual Report. 
 
 Supply Growth 
 
 A key driver of our revenue growth is our ability to convert units for which we have signed real estate contracts but are not yet available for guests to book Contracted Units into units available for guest booking Live Units and, to a lesser extent, to continue signing properties with favorable terms. Certain signed leases have contingencies or conditions that we 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 or the landlord must satisfy before we take over the units, and from time to time, we exclude some of these leases from our Contracted Units total based on our judgment about the likelihood that the contingencies or conditions will be satisfied. 
 
 As part of our Cash Flow Positive Plan, we slowed our planned pace of new unit signings to focus on growth primarily through the conversion of our Contracted Units into Live Units. Our Live Units grew by 14.4 from March 31, 2023 to March 31, 2024 to approximately 11,900 units, driven by strong conversion of our Contracted Units to Live Units. We are also focused on targeting high quality, 100 capital light deals (as defined in the section entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures below) for incremental unit signings. While we continue to sign high quality, capital light units, development cost uncertainty and augmented risk around financing and landlord sentiment surrounding our stock price performance began to slow the pace of signings starting in the second half of 2022. These challenges were more acute in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2023, resulting in fewer units signed in these periods than in prior quarters, and persisted in 2024. Despite these challenges, we continue to meaningfully scale the business, primarily by continuing to convert our Contracted Units into Live Units. 
 
 Ability to Attract and Retain Guests 
 
 Another key driver of our revenue growth is our ability to bring back repeat guests and to attract new guests through various channels. We source demand from a variety of channels, including directly, through Sonder.com, the Sonder app, or our sales personnel, and indirectly, through online travel agencies OTAs such as Airbnb, Booking.com, and Expedia. While bookings made through OTAs incur channel transaction fees, they allow us to attract new guests who may not be familiar with the Sonder brand. In general, direct bookings are more advantageous to us as they do not incur channel transaction fees and also allow us to have a more direct relationship with our guests. Direct revenue as a percentage of total revenue has fluctuated in recent years due to the COVID-19 pandemic but has stabilized above 40 (43.6 for the three months ended March 31, 2024). Additionally, we continue to focus on expanding our corporate sales business. 
 
 Technology 
 
 We have invested, and will continue to invest, resources in our technology architecture and infrastructure and in integrating our properties and systems into Marriott s platform and systems pursuant to the Marriott Agreement. Technology is essential to our user experience, as it leads guests through their entire Sonder stay, from booking through check-out. Technology also underpins our hospitality operations, from underwriting and supply growth, to building openings, pricing and revenue management, demand generation, interior design, and day-to-day operations. By leveraging technology, our goal is to reduce operating costs and provide a better guest experience at a compelling value. 

Key Business Metrics 
 
 We track the following key business metrics to evaluate our performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. Accordingly, we believe these key business metrics provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as our management team. These key business metrics may be different from similarly titled metrics presented by other companies. 
 
 The following table provides the key metrics (rounded): 
 
 Three months ended March 31, Change 2024 2023 No. Live Units (end of period) 11,900 10,400 1,500 14.4 Bookable Nights 1,081,000 898,000 183,000 20.4 Occupied Nights 821,000 722,000 99,000 13.7 Total Portfolio (1) 
 15,300 18,200 (2,900) (15.9) RevPAR 123 133 (10) (7.5) ADR 163 166 (3) (1.8) Occupancy rate 75.9 80.4 (4.5) (5.6) 
 
 (1) Total Portfolio consists of Live Units and Contracted Units at the end of the period noted. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Live Units 
 
 Live Units generate Bookable Nights (as defined below) which generate revenue. Live Units are a key driver of revenue, and a key measure of the scale of our business, which in turn drives our financial performance. 
 
 Growth in Live Units is driven by the number of units contracted in prior periods, and the lead time and opening period associated with making those units available to guests. The time from contract signing to building opening varies widely, ranging from relatively short periods for hotels that already meet our brand standards and/or that are already live hotels operating under another brand, to many months or even years for projects under renovation or construction. The number of Live Units at the end of a period is also affected by the number of units that were removed from our portfolio during that same period, which we refer to as dropped units. 
 
 The increase in Live Units was driven by our continued focus on converting Contracted Units into Live Units. As of March 31, 2024, our five largest cities (New York City, Dubai, Los Angeles, Mexico City, and Montreal) accounted for approximately 34.5 of our Live Units, and our 10 largest cities accounted for approximately 56.9 of our Live Units. 
 
 Bookable Nights / Occupied Nights 
 
 Bookable Nights represent the total number of nights available for stays across all Live Units. Occupied Nights represent the total number of nights occupied across all Live Units. Occupancy Rate OR is calculated as Occupied Nights divided by Bookable Nights. Bookable Nights, Oc cupied Nights, and OR are key drivers of revenue, which in turn drives financial performance. 
 
 The increase in Bookable Nights and Occupied Nights was largely driven by the increase in Live Units. 
 
 RevPAR and Average Daily Rate 
 
 RevPAR represents the average revenue earned per available night and can be calculated either by dividing revenue by Bookable Nights, or by multiplying ADR by OR. ADR represents the average revenue earned per night occupied and is calculated as Revenue divided by Occupied Nights. RevPAR and ADR are key drivers of revenue, and key measures of our ability to attract and retain guests, which in turn drives financial performance. 
 
 Several factors may explain period-to-period RevPAR variances, including: 
 
 Live Units that became live in recent months and have not yet reached mature economics. Typically, new Live Units take several months to achieve mature ADR and OR as buildings stabilize and drive organic bookings. If a period has a significant increase in Live Units, this may reduce the portfolio s RevPAR. 
 Market mix represents the composition of our portfolio based on geographic presence. Certain markets such as New York or London typically earn higher RevPARs, while certain other markets such as Houston or Phoenix typically earn lower RevPARs. Therefore, if the market mix shifts toward lower RevPAR markets, it may adversely impact the portfolio s RevPAR. 
 Product mix represents the composition of our portfolio between apartment and hotel style units. In general, apartments are higher RevPAR bookings because they typically offer more amenities (e.g., kitchen, in-unit washer/dryer) and have higher square footage compared to hotel units. Therefore, if the product mix shifts towards hotel units, it may reduce the average portfolio-wide RevPAR. 
 Seasonality drives typical period-to-period variances in a particular property s RevPAR depending upon seasonal factors (e.g., weather patterns, local attractions and events, holidays) as well as property location and type. Based on results prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, RevPAR tends to be lower across our portfolio in the first quarter and fourth quarters of each year due to seasonal factors such as weather and holidays and the market mix and product mix of our portfolio at the time. However, the effect of seasonality will vary as our market mix and product mix continues to evolve. 
 
 The decrease in RevPAR was driven by a 1.8 decrease in ADR due to moderate pressure on pricing for our apartment product during the quarter, partially offset by relative strength in pricing for our hotel units. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Reverse Stock Split 
 
 On September 20, 2023, the Company effected the Reverse Stock Split. The par value of one share of common stock and one share of special voting stock remained unchanged as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. All share and per share information within the condensed consolidated financial statements have been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Three months ended March 31, 2024 compared to three months ended March 31, 2023 
 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations as a percentage of revenue (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Three months ended March 31, 2024 2023 Revenue 133,479 100.0 119,503 100.0 Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization) 100,363 75.2 91,813 76.8 Operations and support 49,980 37.4 53,510 44.8 General and administrative 24,285 18.2 32,471 27.2 Research and development 4,671 3.5 6,382 5.3 Sales and marketing 19,249 14.4 15,667 13.1 Restructuring and other charges 2,592 1.9 2,130 1.8 Total costs and operating expenses 201,140 150.7 201,973 169.0 Loss from operations (67,661) (50.7) (82,470) (69.0) Total non-operating expense, net 
 (17,361) (13.0) (661) (0.6) Loss before income taxes (50,300) (37.7) (81,809) (68.5) Provision for income taxes 187 0.1 56 Net loss (50,487) (37.8) (81,865) (68.5) Other comprehensive loss: Change in foreign currency translation adjustment (589) (0.4) (3,413) (2.9) Comprehensive loss (51,076) (38.3) (85,278) (71.4) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 The following table sets forth our revenue (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Three months ended March 31, Change 2024 2023 Revenue 
 133,479 119,503 13,976 11.7 
 
 Revenue increased, primarily due to a 14.4 increase in Live Units contributing to a 13.7 increase in Occupied Nights, and a slight decline in ADR as a result of broader travel industry trends, product mix between hotels and apartments, geographic mix, cohort mix and the impact of corporate sales and pricing strategies. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Costs and Operating Expenses 
 
 The following table sets forth our total costs and operating expenses (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Three months ended March 31, Change 2024 2023 Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization) 
 100,363 91,813 8,550 9.3 Operations and support 
 49,980 53,510 (3,530) (6.6) General and administrative 
 24,285 32,471 (8,186) (25.2) Research and development 
 4,671 6,382 (1,711) (26.8) Sales and marketing 
 19,249 15,667 3,582 22.9 Restructuring and other charges 2,592 2,130 462 21.7 Total costs and operating expenses 
 201,140 201,973 (833) (0.4) 
 
 Cost of Revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization) : Cost of revenue increased, primarily due to: (i) a 6.5 million increase in rent expense due to an increase in Live Units; (ii) a 1.4 million increase in cleaning expenses as a result of an increase in the number of checkouts; and (iii) a 0.5 million increase in credit card fees due to an increase in bookings. 
 
 Operations and support : The decrease in operations and support was primarily due to: (i) a 2.2 million decrease in unit-related expenses such as bedding, decor, furniture and lighting, (ii) a 1.6 million decrease in employee compensation cost, due to a decrease in average headcount, and (iii) a 1.3 million decrease in non-recurring legal and professional fees due to consulting and other professional fees incurred as a result of the Company focusing on maintaining only those services with a clear and beneficial business need or identifying more cost-efficient alternatives; partially offset by a 1.6 million increase in taxes due primarily to property tax assessments. 
 
 General and administrative : General and administrative decreased, primarily due to: (i) a 6.5 million decrease in employee compensation cost, due to a decrease in average headcount, (ii) a 1.5 million decrease in bad debt expense, (iii) a 1.2 million decrease in facilities expense related to a reduction on office space and related rent, and (iv) a 0.8 million decrease in depreciation expense due to decreased capital expenditures and certain assets becoming fully depreciated; offset by a 1.6 million increase in legal and professional expenses associated with corporate matters. 
 
 Research and development : Research and development decreased, primarily due to: (i) a 1.1 million decrease in employee compensation expense, driven by a decrease in average headcount, and (ii) a 0.4 million decrease in depreciation, primarily due to a decrease in capitalized software costs 
 
 Sales and marketing : The increase in sales and marketing was primarily due to: (i) a 2.0 million increase in performance marketing expense due to the growth in bookable nights, and (ii) a 1.4 million increase in channel transaction fees resulting from an increase in revenue booked through third-party OTAs, consistent with total revenue growth. 
 
 Restructuring and other charge s: For the three months ended March 31, 2023, the restructuring and other charges consists primarily of employee termination benefits as a result of the restructuring announced on March 1, 2023. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, the restructuring and other charges consists of employee termination benefits as a result of a restructuring announced on February 20, 2024. The entirety of the increase in restructuring and other charges is due to the difference in amounts recognized for each of the restructurings discussed above. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 Total Non-operating Income, Net 
 
 The following table sets forth our total non-operating income, net (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Three months ended March 31, Change 2024 2023 Interest expense, net 7,323 5,707 1,616 28.3 Change in fair value of SPAC Warrants (81) 110 (191) (173.6) Change in fair value of Earn Out Liability (16) (1,498) 1,482 (98.9) Lease adjustment gains, net (23,901) (7,772) (16,129) 207.5 Other (income) expense, net (686) 2,792 (3,478) (124.6) Total non-operating income, net 
 (17,361) (661) (16,700) 2526.5 
 
 Interest expense, net . Interest expense, net increased, primarily due to interest expense recognized on the Company s Delayed Draw Notes. 
 
 Change in fair value of SPAC Warrants . The change in the fair value of the SPAC Warrants is impacted by the initial recognition of, and subsequent fair value adjustments to, the SPAC Warrants. The change in the fair value of this line item resulted primarily from a decrease in our stock price period-over-period. 
 
 Change in fair value of Earn Out Liability . The change in the fair value of the Earn Out Liability is impacted by the initial recognition of, and subsequent fair value adjustments to, the Earn Out Liability. The change in the fair value of this line item resulted from a decrease in our stock price period-over-period. 
 
 Lease adjustment gains, net. The lease adjustment gains, net is due to the residual impact of lease terminations. We undertook an initiative in 2024 to renegotiate or exit certain properties where there exists unfavorable lease terms. 
 
 Other (income) expense, net . The change in other (income) expense, net is primarily due to fluctuations in foreign currency rates which impacted the remeasurement of foreign balances to reporting currency. 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 
 As of March 31, 2024 and 2023, we have recorded a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets due to our history of losses. 
 
 The following table sets forth the provision for income taxes (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Three months ended March 31, Change 2024 2023 Provision for income taxes 
 187 56 131 233.9 
 
 The provision for income taxes increased, primarily as a result of taxes to operations in foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP or U.S. GAAP ). However, some of the financial measures discussed herein are non-GAAP financial measures. In accordance with SEC rules, we classify a financial measure as being a non-GAAP financial measure if that financial measure excludes or includes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of excluding or including amounts, that are included or excluded, as the case may be, in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in our condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, balance sheets, or statements of cash flows. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 To supplement the condensed consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we use the following non-GAAP financial measures: FCF, Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization, and Operating Lease Related Rent Charges Adjusted EBITDAR ). (collectively, the non-GAAP financial measures ). We may periodically review and update our non-GAAP financial measures based on our determination of their relevance to our business which could result in the addition or elimination of select non-GAAP financial measures in the future. 
 
 Free Cash Flow (FCF) 
 
 The following table presents the calculation of FCF, adjusted (in thousands): 
 
 Three months ended March 31, 2024 2023 Cash used in operating activities (40,309) (35,343) Cash used in investing activities (716) (6,851) FCF, including cash paid for lease terminations, restructuring, and professional fees (41,025) (42,194) Cash paid for lease termination costs 10,526 Cash paid for restructuring costs 1,727 1,597 Cash paid for non-recurring professional fees 253 FCF, adjusted (28,519) (40,597) 
 
 FCF, adjusted, represents cash used in operating activities plus cash used in investing activities, excluding the impact of lease terminations, restructuring, and non-recurring professional fee charges related to non-operational activities. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is cash used in operating activities. Our near-term focus is to reach sustainable positive FCF, adjusted, as detailed in our Cash Flow Positive Plan. 
 
 We believe FCF, adjusted, is meaningful to investors as it is the primary liquidity measure that we focus on internally to evaluate our progress towards the objectives outlined in our Cash Flow Positive Plan. We believe that achieving our goals around this measure will put us on a path to financial sustainability and will help fund our future growth. 
 
 Our FCF measures may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies due to different methods of calculation. Presentation of these measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. In addition, this measure may not provide a complete understanding of our cash flow as a whole. As such, these measures should be reviewed in conjunction with our GAAP cash flow. 
 
 The change in FCF, adjusted, period-over-period represented a 29.8 improvement, primarily driven primarily driven by increased adjustments for cash paid for lease terminations, restructuring and professional fees totaling 10.9 million, a decrease in cash used in investing activities of 6.1 million and offset by an increase in cash used in operating activities of 5.0 million. Refer to the section entitled Liq uidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Information below for further discussion surrounding the changes in our cash flow figures period-over-period. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) as adjusted to eliminate the impact of net interest expense, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, and certain other items as indicated. The exclusion of these items and other similar items in our non-GAAP presentation should not be interpreted as implying that these items are non-recurring, infrequent or unusual. The indicated other items excluded are as follows: 
 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense. Non-cash, stock-based compensation expense relates to our equity plan. We exclude such expense when assessing the effectiveness of our operating performance since stock-based compensation does not necessarily correlate with the underlying operating performance of the business. 
 
 Lease adjustment gains, net. These net gains reflect the impact of lease terminations and modifications. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring and other related charges . The aggregate adjustment for expenses associated with our restructuring plans as discussed in Note 13, Restructuring Activities , to our financial statements as presented. 
 
 Professional fees. One-time and/or non-recurring professional fees associated with special projects, including but not limited to our strategic partnership, financing activities, restatement, and other non-operating initiatives. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA provides a consistent basis for comparison across reporting periods by excluding interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and certain one-time, non-recurring or non-operational items, such as lease adjustment gains, net, restructuring and other related charges, and professional fees related to discrete projects such as fees associated with the integration in connection with the strategic licensing agreement with Marriott and restatement activities. It serves as a key measure for us to align the Company financial performance with our internal financial planning and analysis. 
 
 Three months ended March 31, 2024 2023 Net loss 
 (50,487) (81,865) Interest expense, net 
 7,323 5,707 Provision for income taxes 
 187 56 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 4,973 7,048 EBITDA 
 (38,004) (69,054) Stock-based compensation 
 3,009 10,800 Lease adjustment gains, net 
 (23,901) (7,772) Restructuring and other related charges 2,592 2,130 Non-recurring professional fees 253 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (56,051) (63,896) 
 
 Adjusted EBITDAR 
 
 We define Adjusted EBITDAR as Adjusted EBITDA adjusted for operating lease related rent charges. Adjusted EBITDAR further adds back rent expense related to operating leases to Adjusted EBITDA. This adjustment further enables us to assess our operating performance independent of operating leases, offering insights into our cash flow and performance. 
 
 Three months ended March 31, 2024 2023 Adjusted EBITDA (56,051) (63,896) Operating lease related rent charges 82,581 75,814 Adjusted EBITDAR 26,530 11,918 
 
 We believe these non-GAAP measures are helpful to investors by providing a clearer view of our core operations and allowing better comparability with other companies. 

Liq uidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Going Concern Considerations 
 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 205-40, Going Concern, management evaluates whether there are certain conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. This evaluation includes considerations related to the Company s forecasted liquidity and cash consumption requirements for one year from the date of issuance of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 As discussed in Note 1, Basis of Presentation , to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company has, throughout 2024, announced a series of financing arrangements and cost optimization initiatives. Additionally, in August 2024, the Company entered into the Marriott Agreement, whereby the Company s portfolio of properties is expected to join the Marriott system under a newly-created collection called Sonder by Marriott Bonvoy. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

While the 2024 actions discussed in Note 1, Basis of Presentation demonstrate a series of material steps taken to improve the Company s financial condition, the Company has a history of net losses and negative operating cash flows and expects to continue to incur additional losses in the near future. Additionally, the benefits of the Company s recent financing arrangements and licensing agreement are contingent upon the successful execution of a number of critical milestones. The timing of the completion of these milestones cannot be guaranteed to ensure liquidity is available when needed to meet the Company s obligations. As a result of these considerations, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt, which is not alleviated, about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date of issuance of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 To address the substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, as described above, the Company has embarked on the following actions: 
 
 engaged a financial advisor to assist in identifying and securing strategic alternatives and financing arrangements, 
 launched a portfolio optimization program, which involves discussions with landlords about renegotiating the terms of our leases, including terminations, at certain properties; As of June 10, 2024, the Company has signed agreements to exit or reduce rent for approximately 105 buildings, or 4,300 units, which is expected to lead to estimated annualized run-rate FCF improvements of over 40.0 million of which the Company expects termination fees of less than 20.0 million associated with these agreements; Of the approximately 80 buildings, or 3,200 units, with finalized exit agreements, the Company has already exited approximately 60 buildings, or 2,300 units, as of June 10, 2024 and expects to exit the remaining buildings throughout the remainder of 2024, 
 implemented a series of deep cost-cutting initiatives; In February 2024, the Company announced a reduction in force plan affecting 17 of the corporate workforce, which is estimated to result in approximately 11 million in annualized cost savings; The Company continues to be focused on identifying and executing cost optimization initiatives, including further rent reductions, better sourcing contracts that lower property-level direct costs, and further savings in overhead costs, 
 entered into the Marriott Agreement which allows us to integrate our properties with Marriott s systems, distribution channels, and branding, and, subject to meeting certain conditions, entitles the Company to receive 15 million of Key Money in two tranches by March 31, 2025; this agreement provides the opportunity for the Company to increase its financial performance through the potential to increase revenue by integrating with Marriott s commercial engine, deliver costs savings through synergies and scale and power future growth, 
 received financing from the Company s existing noteholders in the amount of 16 million during June and July 2024, as previously announced, and 
 secured financing arrangements that provide the Company with access to approximately 139 million in additional liquidity, including 
 issuing approximately 43 million of Series A Preferred Stock to certain qualified institutional buyers or accredited investors, of which 14.7 million was received in August 2024 and commitments have been received to purchase an additional 28.6 million, subject to certain milestones and customary closing conditions, 
 approximately 83 million in additional liquidity, including 4 million in financing funded in August 2024, and approximately 79 million in the form of a 30-month extension (through the end of 2026) of the paid-in-kind feature of the Note Purchase Agreement (21 months of which is at Sonder s option), and 
 other sources of liquidity totaling 13 million. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 At March 31, 2024, we had a cash balance, not including restricted cash, of 40.8 million, which was held for working capital purposes. Cash consists of checking and interest-bearing accounts. Reaching sustainable positive FCF is our primary focus in the near-term, as detailed in our Cash Flow Positive Plan. Once we reach sustainable positive FCF, we expect cash from operations will provide our principal source of liquidity. We generate cash from transactions with customers booking directly through Sonder.com and the Sonder app, which are settled through a payment processor, from transactions with third-party corporate customers which are settled based on contractual terms, and indirectly through OTAs, which are also settled based on contractual terms. The most significant source of liquidity in 2024 was cash inflows from both current period and future guest bookings. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

We have incurred losses since inception, and we expect to continue to incur additional losses in the future. Our operations to date have been financed primarily by private equity investments in our common and convertible preferred stock, convertible notes, and other note and warrant purchase agreements, as described in Note 6 , Debt , and Note 14, Subsequent Events , in the notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 We believe that our existing cash on hand combined with our anticipated estimated FCF may be insufficient to fund our operations and debt obligations for at least the next 12 months. Our management has concluded there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, which is not alleviated, for one year from the date of issuance of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, our successful execution of a number of critical milestones required under our recent financing arrangements and licensing agreement, our rate of RevPAR growth, our ability to achieve cost efficiencies, our ability to provide security instruments such as letters of credit in lieu of cash deposits pursuant to leases, and the extent of real estate owners funding of capital expenditures and other pre-opening costs at our leased properties. To the extent that our existing cash balance and ongoing cash from operations are insufficient to fund our future activities, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing, including convertible debt, short-term bridge financing, or otherwise, but such funds may not be available on acceptable terms. If sufficient cash from operations or external funding is not available, we may be unable to adequately fund our business plans and it could have a negative effect on our business, operating cash flows, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 
 Most of our cash was held in the United States as of March 31, 2024. Our foreign subsidiaries held approximately 5.9 million of cash in foreign jurisdictions. We currently do not intend or foresee a need to repatriate these foreign funds. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, however, we anticipate the U.S. federal tax impact to be minimal if these foreign funds are repatriated and would not repatriate funds where there was a material tax cost. In addition, based on our current and future needs, we believe our current funding and capital resources for our international operations are adequate. 
 
 Debt Arrangements 
 
 Debt arrangements, such as our credit facilities and Delayed Draw Notes, have been a source of cash for our day-to-day operations. Refer to Note 6 , Debt , and Note 14, Subsequent Events , in the notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for discussion of our debt arrangements, including the timing of expected maturity of such arrangements. These arrangements include our 2022 Loan and Security Agreement which currently has a letter of credit sublimit of 45.0 million. As of March 31, 2024, because we are unable to satisfy the minimum consolidated adjusted EBITDA covenant, we are required to cash collateralize our obligations under the 2022 Loan and Security Agreement. 
 
 Future Cash Obligations 
 
 Our estimated future obligations as of March 31, 2024 include both current and long-term obligations. Our debt obligations, including both capitalized to-date and future paid-in-kind interest through the election date of June 2024, totaled 196.1 million, of which, 1.0 million was short-term, and the remainder was long-term. Interest on the foregoing debt obligations is payable in cash after the June 2024 election date. Additionally, we had 50.8 million of irrevocable standby letters of credit outstanding which were collateralized by our restricted cash, all of which represents a long-term cash obligation. Under our operating leases as discussed in Note 7, Leases , in the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we had a current obligation of 180.9 million and a long-term obligation of 1.2 billion as of March 31, 2024. 
 
 Operating lease obligations primarily represent the initial contracted term for leases that have commenced as of March 31, 2024, not including any future optional renewal periods. In addition, as of March 31, 2024, we have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with no short-term future lease payments and long-term future lease payments totaling 15.4 billion, excluding purchase options, that are not yet recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and are not reflected in the figure above. These leases will commence between 2024 and 2026 with lease terms of five to 20 years. 
 
 As part of our efforts to reach positive FCF, we have undertaken a portfolio optimization program, which involves discussions with landlords about renegotiating the terms of our leases at certain properties. This process has resulted and may result in contract modifications resulting in changes to rent amounts, lease durations, or other provisions of our lease agreements and has resulted and may result in the termination of certain leases leading to the transition of certain properties 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 over time and the incurrence of certain expenses including but not limited to termination fees and impairment charges, which could be material. 
 
 Cash Flow Information 
 
 The following table sets forth our cash flows (in thousands): 
 
 Three months ended March 31, 2024 2023 Change Net cash used in operating activities (40,309) (35,343) (4,966) Net cash used in investing activities (716) (6,851) 6,135 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (250) 8 (258) Effects of foreign exchange on cash (344) (596) 252 Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (41,619) (42,782) 1,163 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities increased slightly quarter-over quarter, primarily due to an improvement in our operating loss performance with a 11.7 increase in revenue. Cash used in operating activities is subject to variability period-over-period as a result of timing differences, including with respect to the collection of receivables and payments of interest expense, accounts payable, and other items, as well as variability in our stock price as it relates to fair value of the SPAC Warrants and Earn Out Liability. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash us ed in investing activities decreased quarter-over quarter, primarily as a result of a decrease in purchases of property and equipment of 5.7 million, largely related to a decrease in purchases for furnishings and fixtures for our Live Units. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities decreased quarter-over quarter, primarily due to an increase in cash outflows of 0.3 million for repayments of debt in the three months ended March 31, 2024. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of March 31, 2024, we had the following off-balance sheet arrangements: 
 
 Letters of Credit 
 
 As of March 31, 2024, we had 50.8 million of irrevocable standby letters of credit outstanding, which were collateralized by our restricted cash, of which 29.7 million was under our revolving credit facilities. Letters of credit are primarily used as a form of security deposits for the buildings and partial buildings we lease. 
 
 Surety Bonds 
 
 A portion of our leases are supported by surety bonds provided by affiliates of certain insurance companies. As of March 31, 2024, we had assembled commitments from six surety providers in the amount of 43.0 million, of which 32.7 million was outstanding and was an off-balance sheet arrangement. The availability, terms and conditions, and pricing of bonding capacity are dependent on, among other things, continued financial strength and stability of the insurance company affiliates providing the bonding capacity, general availability of such capacity, our corporate credit rating, and the general perception of our financial performance. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Indemnification Agreements 
 
 See Note 11 , Commitments and Contingencies , in the notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding our indemnification agreements. 
 
 Effect of Exchange Rates 
 
 Our changes in cash can be impacted by the effect of fluctuating exchange rates. Foreign exchange had a negative effect on cash in both the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, decreasing our total cash balance by 0.3 million and 0.6 million at March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, respectively. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from the information provided in Part II, Item 7, Critical Accounting Estimates, in the Annual Report. 

Recent Accounting Standards 
 
 See Note 2, Recently Issued Accounting Standards , in the notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a description of recently adopted accounting standards and recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted. 

Emerging Growth Company Status 
 
 Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can choose not to take advantage of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, and any such election to not take advantage of the extended transition period is irrevocable. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act and have elected to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period for new or revised financial accounting standards. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which the market value of common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of 1.235 billion or more during such fiscal year (as indexed for inflation); (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in the prior three-year period; or (iv) December 31, 2026, and we expect to continue to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period, although we may decide to early adopt such new or revised accounting standards to the extent permitted by such standards. This may make it difficult or impossible to compare our financial results with the financial results of another public company that is either not an emerging growth company or is an emerging growth company that has chosen not to take advantage of the extended transition period exemptions because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 There have been no material changes in our market risk from the information provided in Part II, Item 7, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in the Annual Report. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the existence of the material weaknesses described below to provide assurance at a reasonable level that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 As disclosed in Part II, Item 9A of the Annual Report, management concluded that the following material weaknesses in internal control existed for the Company. Management concluded that these material weaknesses still exist as of March 31, 2024. 
 
 Leases 
 
 We previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the control deficiencies in the process to capture and record lease agreements timely and accurately. Management has concluded that this material weakness in internal control over financial reporting is due to the fact that the Company did not have the adequate resources with the appropriate level of experience and technical expertise to oversee the Company s leasing business processes and related internal controls. 
 
 Control Activities and Control Environment 
 
 Given the aggregation of the lease material weakness noted above and other control deficiencies, we have identified related material weaknesses based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), including: (i) deficiencies in the principles associated with the control activities component of the COSO framework relating to establishment of formal policies and procedures and consistent application thereof, and (ii) deficiencies in the principles associated with the control environment component of the COSO framework relating to hiring and training sufficient personnel to timely support the Company s internal control objectives to ascertain whether the components of internal control are present and functioning. 
 
 Asset Impairment 
 
 Management identified a material weakness regarding the lack of design and effective controls to identify and consider relevant impairment indicators, determination of asset valuation, and possible impairment of assets, including right-of-use assets. 
 
 Remediation Plan 
 
 To remediate these material weaknesses, we identified improvements, including specific remediation plans for leases, control activities and control environment, and asset impairments, as described in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures of the Annual Report, which we are continuing to implement. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than the remediation efforts in progress, during the period covered by this report, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

44 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Sonder has been and expects to continue to become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings from time to time, including the matter described below. Except as described below, Sonder is not currently a party to any litigation or legal proceedings that, in the opinion of Sonder s management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on Sonder s business. Regardless of outcome, litigation and other legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on Sonder because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, possible restrictions on its business as a result of settlement or adverse outcomes, and other factors. 
 
 In February 2020, Sonder was informed about an investigation underway by the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene relating to possible Legionella bacteria contamination in the water supply at 20 Broad Street, New York, NY (the Broad Street Property ). Due to the failure of the owner of the Broad Street Property (the Broad Street Landlord to address the Legionella bacteria contamination and the associated health risks posed to guests, Sonder withheld payment of rent to the Broad Street Landlord on grounds of, among other reasons, constructive eviction. On July 30, 2020, the Broad Street Landlord sued Sonder USA Inc., Sonder Canada Inc., and Sonder Holdings Inc. for breach of the lease, seeking no less than 3.9 million in damages. Sonder filed counterclaims against the Broad Street Landlord and the property management company for breach of contract, seeking significant damages. The Broad Street Landlord filed a motion for summary judgment. The hearing and oral argument for the summary judgment motion occurred on December 21, 2021. On October 13, 2023, the court issued an order granting the summary judgment motion with respect to liability for the claim for breach of guaranty against Sonder Canada Inc., the claim for breach of contract against Sonder USA Inc., and reasonable attorney s fees; dismissing Sonder s counterclaims; and ordering a trial for the amount of damages. 
 
 On November 13, 2023, Sonder filed a notice of appeal of the October 13, 2023 court order on liability. On May 9, 2024, the appellate court affirmed the trial court s order as to liability, but directed the trial court to allow Sonder the right to conduct discovery concerning the amount of the Broad Street Landlord s alleged damages. Discovery has commenced in the trial court regarding the Broad Street Landlord s alleged damages. The Broad Street Landlord has provided information in discovery indicating that through June 2024, it is seeking 36.9 million in alleged damages. A trial date to determine damages has not yet been set. On June 12, 2024, Sonder filed a motion in the appellate court seeking leave to reargue aspects of the appellate court s order, or alternatively, for leave to appeal the order. On September 26, 2024, the appellate court granted Sonder s motion to reargue and issued an order reversing the trial court s decision to dismiss Sonder s breach of contract claim related to the Broad Street Landlord s failure to maintain the plumbing systems in good repair for the period prior to when Sonder began withholding payment of rent. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors from those we previously provided in the Annual Report. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2024, none of the Company s directors or Section 16 officers or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by references to filings previously made with the SEC. 
 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 3.1 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sonder Holdings Inc. 
 8-K 
 001-39907 3.1 October 1, 2024 10.1 Waiver, Forbearance and Third Amendment, dated as of June 10, 2024, by and among Sonder Holdings Inc., Sonder Holdings LLC, Sonder USA Inc., and Sonder Hospitality USA Inc., the guarantors party thereto, the investors listed on the signature pages thereto, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent. 
 8-K 
 001-39907 10.1 June 11, 2024 10.2 Waiver and Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2024, by and among Sonder Holdings Inc., the other borrowers from time to time party thereto and Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company. 
 8-K 
 001-39907 10.2 June 11, 2024 10.3 Fourth Amendment to Note and Purchase Warrant Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2024, by and among Sonder Holdings Inc., Sonder Holdings LLC, Sonder USA Inc., and Sonder Hospitality USA Inc., the guarantors party thereto, the investors listed on the signature pages thereto, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent. 
 8-K 
 001-39907 10.1 July 15, 2024 10.4 Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2024, by and among Sonder Holdings Inc., the other borrowers from time to time party thereto and Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company. 
 8-K 
 001-39907 10.2 July 15, 2024 10.5 Fifth Amendment to Note and Purchase Warrant Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2024, by and among Sonder Holdings Inc., Sonder Holdings LLC, Sonder USA Inc., and Sonder Hospitality USA Inc., the guarantors party thereto, the investors listed on the signature pages thereto, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent. 
 8-K 
 001-39907 10.1 August 19, 2024 10.6 Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2024, by and among Sonder Holdings Inc., the other borrowers from time to time party thereto and Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company. 
 8-K 
 001-39907 10.2 August 19, 2024 10.7+ License Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2024, by and between Sonder Holdings Inc. and Marriott International, Inc., and Global Hospitality Licensing S. R.L. 
 8-K 
 001-39907 10.5 August 19, 2024 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) X 
 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 
 
 + Certain exhibits and schedules to this agreement have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant will furnish copies of such exhibits and schedules to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 
 Certain identified information has been excluded from this exhibit because the Company does not believe it is material and is the type that the Company customarily treats as private and confidential. Redacted information is indicated by [ ] . 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Sonder Holdings Inc. (registrant) November 4, 2024 
 /s/ Dominique Bourgault Date Dominique Bourgault Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 November 4, 2024 
 /s/ Adam K. Bowen 
 Date 
 Adam K. Bowen 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-sec302certifica.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Francis Davidson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 on Form 10 Q of Sonder Holdings Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 s Francis Davidson Francis Davidson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-sec302certifica.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Dominique Bourgault, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 on Form 10 Q of Sonder Holdings Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 s Dominique Bourgault Dominique Bourgault Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-sec906certifica.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sonder Holdings Inc. (the Registrant for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Francis Davidson, Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 s Francis Davidson Francis Davidson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322-sec906certifica.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sonder Holdings Inc. (the Registrant for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dominique Bourgault, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 s Dominique Bourgault Dominique Bourgault Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sond-20240331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sond-20240331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sond-20240331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sond-20240331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sond-20240331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

