<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1708599_0001708599-24-000026.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7721298</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183053</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1412300</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2401694</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1867935</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1718751</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001708599-24-000026.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112160318
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001708599-24-000026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Serina Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001708599
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				821436829
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			AL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38519
		FILM NUMBER:		241447861

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 GENOME WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2001
		CITY:			HUNTSVILLE
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35806
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(256) 327-9630

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 GENOME WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2001
		CITY:			HUNTSVILLE
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35806

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AgeX Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170606

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001708599-24-000026.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 ser-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ser-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered 
 American 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x x x 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). o Yes No 
 The number of shares common stock outstanding as of November 7, 2024 was , par value 0.0001 per share. 

Table of Contents 

 SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Number Part I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 Part II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 45 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 45 
 Item 3. 
 Default Upon Senior Securities 
 45 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 46 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 46 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We make such forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Report are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, target, will, would, or the negative of these words or other comparable terminology. 
 Any forward-looking statements in this Report reflect our current views with respect to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those discussed in this Report under Item 1 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, under Risk Factors in this Report, those incorporated by reference in the section titled Risk Factors" in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2024, and those listed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 22, 2024. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 The description or discussion, in this Report, of any contract or agreement is a summary only and is qualified in all respects by reference to the full text of the applicable contract or agreement. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 On March 26, 2024, the Delaware corporation formerly known as AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. completed our previously announced merger transaction in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of August 29, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among AgeX Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation AgeX ), Canaria Transaction Corporation, an Alabama corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of AgeX Merger Sub ), and Serina Therapeutics, Inc., an Alabama corporation Legacy Serina ), pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy Serina, with Legacy Serina surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of AgeX (the Merger ). Additionally, on March 26, 2024, AgeX changed its name from AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. to Serina Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ). 
 At the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding share of Legacy Serina capital stock (after giving effect to the automatic conversion of all shares of Legacy Serina preferred stock into shares of Legacy Serina common stock and excluding any shares held as treasury stock by Legacy Serina or held or owned by AgeX or any subsidiary of AgeX or Legacy Serina and any dissenting shares) was converted into the right to receive 0.97682654 shares of AgeX common stock, which resulted in the issuance by AgeX of an aggregate of 5,913,277 shares of AgeX common stock to the stockholders of Legacy Serina. In addition, AgeX assumed the Legacy Serina 2017 Stock Option Plan and each outstanding and unexercised option to purchase Legacy Serina common stock and each outstanding and unexercised warrant to purchase Legacy Serina capital stock were adjusted with such stock options and warrants henceforth representing the right to purchase a number of shares of our common stock equal to 0.97682654 multiplied by the number of shares of Legacy Serina common stock previously represented by such options and warrants. 
 The Merger was treated as a reverse recapitalization under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Legacy Serina is considered the accounting acquirer for financial reporting purposes. Immediately following the consummation of the Merger, AgeX changed its name to Serina Therapeutics, Inc. and the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share common stock ), began trading on the NYSE American under the symbol SER. 
 Following the consummation of the Merger, the business previously conducted by Legacy Serina became the business conducted by the Company, which is now a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing Legacy Serina s drug product candidates. The Company s headquarters are located in Huntsville, Alabama (Legacy Serina s headquarters). 
 The foregoing descriptions of the Merger Agreement and the Amended Certificate do not constitute a complete summary of the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Merger Certificate or the Amended Certificate, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement and the Amended Certificate filed as Exhibits 2.1 and 3.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 14, 2024. 
 Pre-Merger Closing Conditions 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 As a pre-merger closing condition, on March 14, 2024, AgeX effected a reverse stock split of its common stock at a ratio of 1 for 35.17 (the Reverse Stock Split resulting in 2,500,000 shares of AgeX common stock being outstanding immediately upon the Reverse Stock Split. Except for the number of authorized but unissued shares of AgeX common stock, and except as may be otherwise stated in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, number of shares of AgeX common stock issued and outstanding, or issuable upon the exercise of options or warrants or upon conversion of convertible indebtedness, and AgeX common stock prices, shown in the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effect of the Reverse Stock Split. 
 Warrant Dividends 
 On March 19, 2024, AgeX issued to each stockholder of record as of the close of business on March 18, 2024 (the Warrant Dividend Record Date three warrants (each, a Post-Merger Warrant for each five shares of AgeX common stock issued and outstanding held by a stockholder of record as of the Warrant Dividend Record Date. Each Post-Merger Warrant will be exercisable at an exercise price equal to 13.20 per warrant share (such exercise price reflecting the Reverse Stock Split) for (i) one share of our common stock and (ii) one warrant (each, an Incentive Warrant and will expire on July 31, 2025. Each Incentive Warrant will be exercisable at an exercise price equal to 18.00 per warrant share 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 (such exercise price reflecting the Reverse Stock Split) for one share of our common stock and will expire on the four-year anniversary of closing of the Merger. 
 Each Post-Merger Warrant was issued and each Incentive Warrant will be issued pursuant to the terms of the warrant agreement, dated as of March 19, 2024 (the Warrant Agreement ), by and between the Company and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, a New York limited liability company, as warrant agent. No fractional warrants were issued. The number of Post-Merger Warrants issued to a stockholder of record were rounded down to the nearest whole number if such holder was entitled to receive a fractional warrant. 
 Prior to the closing of the Merger, substantially all assets of AgeX Legacy Assets ), other than certain biological materials, were transferred to a recently formed subsidiary of AgeX, UniverXome Bioengineering, Inc. UniverXome ). In consideration of the transfer of such assets, UniverXome assumed (i) all indebtedness of AgeX issued to Juvenescence Limited ("Juvenescence"), and secured by the Legacy Assets, that had not been previously converted into AgeX Series A Preferred Stock or AgeX Series B Preferred Stock, and (ii) all other liabilities of AgeX in existence as of the effective time of the Merger (other than certain transaction expenses related to the Merger). 
 Side Letter with Juvenescence 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, AgeX, Legacy Serina, and AgeX s controlling stockholder Juvenescence entered into a Side Letter, which became effective immediately prior to the closing of the Merger. The Side Letter provides, among other things, that (i) effective immediately before the consummation of the Merger, Juvenescence will cancel all out of the money AgeX warrants held by Juvenescence; (ii) Juvenescence will exercise all Post-Merger Warrants it holds to provide the Company an additional 15 million in capital according to the following schedule: (x) at least one-third on or before May 31, 2024, (y) at least one-third on or before November 30, 2024, and (z) at least one-third on or before June 30, 2025; (iii) Juvenescence will not sell any shares of AgeX Series A Preferred Stock or AgeX Series B Preferred Stock and will take all actions necessary to convert all of such Preferred Stock into AgeX common stock before a Reverse Stock Split that will occur before the Merger; (iv) Juvenescence will release all security interests, guarantees, pledges, assignments and other forms of collateral that it may have in AgeX s assets pursuant to the terms of Juvenescence loans to AgeX; and (v) Juvenescence will consent to a newly formed subsidiary of AgeX assuming AgeX s obligations with respect to loan agreements and promissory notes governing loans payable to Juvenescence, including obligations for amounts currently owed and future advances of loan funds, and Juvenescence shall release AgeX from those loan obligations. As of September 30, 2024, Juvenescence was in compliance with its Side Letter covenants. 
 Since Legacy Serina was determined to be the accounting acquirer in connection with the Merger, for periods prior to the Merger, the condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared on a stand-alone basis for Legacy Serina and did not include the combined entities activity or financial position. Subsequent to the Merger, the condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, include the acquired business from March 27, 2024, through September 30, 2024, and assets and liabilities at their acquisition date fair value. Historical share and per share figures of Legacy Serina have been retroactively restated based on the exchange ratio of 0.97682654. 
 In this Report, unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms Company, we, us, and our refer to (i) Legacy Serina for periods prior to the effectiveness of the Merger and (ii) Serina Therapeutics, Inc. (as a consolidated company) for periods following the effectiveness of the Merger. Following the completion of the Merger, the business conducted by the Company became primarily the business conducted by Legacy Serina. 
 On June 6, 2024, Juvenescence exercised Post-Merger Warrants to purchase 377,865 shares of the Company s common stock, at an exercise price of 13.20 per share, for a total purchase price of 5.0 million. In addition to the shares of common stock, upon exercise of the Post-Merger Warrants, Juvenescence also received Incentive Warrants to purchase 377,865 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 18.00 per share that expire on March 26, 2028. The Company intends to use the proceeds from this exercise for general corporate purposes. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except par value amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Grant receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash Property and equipment, net Right of use assets - operating leases Right of use assets - finance leases Intangible assets, net Other long-term prepaid assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Loans due to Juvenescence, net of debt issuance costs Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Warrant liability Loans due to Juvenescence, net of current portion Convertible promissory notes, at fair value Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Finance lease liabilities, net of current portion TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) par value; authorized; and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; Liquidation preference of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Stockholders deficit: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Serina Therapeutics, Inc. stockholders deficit ) ) Noncontrolling interest ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated interim financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 REVENUES Grant revenues Total revenues OPERATING EXPENSES Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET Interest expense ) ) ) ) Fair value inception adjustment on convertible promissory note Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes ) Change in fair value of warrants Other income, net Total other income, net NET INCOME (LOSS) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC. ) NET EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE: BASIC ) DILUTED ) WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC DILUTED 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated interim financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Redeemable Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Total Stockholders Deficit Number of Shares Amount Number of Shares Par Value Accumulated Deficit Noncontrolling Interest BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon conversion of preferred stock ) ) Issuance of common stock upon conversion of AgeX-Serina Note Cancellation of common stock upon consummation of Merger on March 26, 2024 ) ) ) ) Merger and issuance of common stock to Legacy Serina shareholders upon consummation of Merger on March 26, 2024 Deemed dividend from issuance of warrants ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of Post-Merger Warrants Stock-based compensation Transactions with noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) 
 ) BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2024 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Transactions with noncontrolling interests ) Net income (loss) ) BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Redeemable Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Total Stockholders Deficit Number of Shares Amount Number of Shares Par Value Accumulated Deficit BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Net income BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon conversion of convertible notes Net income BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 0 0 0 ) 0 ) 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated interim financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash lease expense Non-cash interest expense on convertible promissory note Amortization of debt issuance costs Stock-based compensation Fair value inception adjustment on convertible promissory note ) Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes ) Change in fair value of warrants ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Grant receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Drawdown on loan facilities from Juvenescence Cash and restricted cash acquired in connection with the Merger Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Proceeds from the exercise of Post-Merger Warrants by Juvenescence Proceeds from the issuance of convertible promissory notes Principal repayment on loan facilities to Juvenescence ) Principal repayments on finance lease liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities NET CHANGE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH: At beginning of the period At end of the period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES Cash paid for interest SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Right of use asset acquired in exchange for operating lease liabilities Issuance of common stock upon conversion of Preferred Stock Issuance of common stock upon conversion of AgeX-Serina Note Merger and issuance of common stock upon consummation of Merger on March 26, 2024 Deemed dividend from issuance of warrants 
 See accompanying notes to these condensed consolidated interim financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 shares of AgeX common stock, which resulted in AgeX issuing an aggregate of shares of AgeX common stock to the stockholders of Legacy Serina. In addition, AgeX assumed the Legacy Serina 2017 Stock Option Plan, and each outstanding and unexercised option to purchase Legacy Serina common stock and each outstanding and unexercised warrant to purchase Legacy Serina capital stock was adjusted with such stock options and warrants henceforth representing the right to purchase a number of shares of Company common stock equal to multiplied by the number of shares of Legacy Serina common stock previously represented by such options and warrants. 
 Following the consummation of the Merger, the business previously conducted by Legacy Serina became the business conducted by the Company, which is now a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing Legacy Serina s drug product candidates. The Company s headquarters are located in Huntsville, Alabama (Legacy Serina s headquarters). 
 The Company is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a pipeline of wholly-owned drug product candidates to treat neurological diseases and pain. The Company s POZ drug delivery technology is designed to enable certain existing drugs and novel drug candidates to be modified in a way that may provide an increase in efficacy and safety of the resulting polymeric drug conjugate. The Company s proprietary POZ technology is based on a synthetic, water soluble, low viscosity polymer called poly(2-oxazoline). The Company s POZ technology is engineered to provide greater control in drug loading and more precision in the rate of release of attached drugs delivered via subcutaneous injection. 
 The therapeutic agents in the Company s product candidates are typically well-understood and marketed drugs that are effective but are limited by pharmacokinetic (PK) profiles that can include toxicity, side effects and short half-life. The Company believes that by using POZ technology, drugs with narrow therapeutic windows can be designed to maintain more desirable and stable levels in the blood. The Company believes that POZ technology can be applied to small molecules, proteins, antibody drug conjugates, and other classes of molecules. 
 Prior to the closing of the Merger, any assets of AgeX other than certain Legacy Assets were transferred into a recently formed subsidiary of AgeX, UniverXome Bioengineering, Inc. UniverXome ). UniverXome assumed (i) any outstanding indebtedness of AgeX to Juvenescence Limited Juvenescence ), which was secured by the assets contributed to UniverXome, (ii) most of the Company s contracts with third parties, other than certain designated contracts and any contracts that were terminated before the Merger, and (iii) all other liabilities of the Company in existence as of the effective time of the Merger (other than certain transaction expenses related to the Merger). 
 Liquidity and Going Concern 
 In addition to general economic and capital market trends and conditions, the Company s ability to raise sufficient additional capital to finance its operations from time to time will depend on a number of factors specific to the Company s operations such as operating expenses and progress in out-licensing its technologies and development of its product candidates. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company used million in net cash from operating activities for the period ended September 30, 2024 and has historically incurred losses from operations and expects to continue to generate negative cash flows as the Company implements its business plan. 
 Management believes that its cash and cash equivalents of million as of September 30, 2024, along with the million of cash proceeds expected to be received from Juvenescence through the exercise of Juvenescence s remaining Post-Merger Warrants as provided in a Side Letter , will be used to fund Company operations but are not expected to be sufficient to satisfy the Company s anticipated operating and other funding requirements for the twelve months from the issuance of these condensed consolidated interim financial statements. See Note 7, Stockholders Equity/(Deficit) regarding the Post-Merger Warrants and Side Letter. Management has based its estimate of the funds needed to finance Company operations on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and available capital resources could be exhausted sooner than expected. As such, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties common to early-stage companies in the biotechnology industry, including, but not limited to, technical risks associated with the successful research, development and manufacturing of therapeutic candidates, development by competitors of new technological innovations, dependence on key personnel, protection of proprietary technology, compliance with government regulations, and the ability to secure additional capital to fund operations. Therapeutic drug candidates currently under development will require significant additional research and development efforts, including extensive preclinical and clinical testing and regulatory approval prior to commercialization. These efforts will require significant amounts of additional capital, adequate personnel, and infrastructure. Even if the Company s product development efforts are successful, it is uncertain when, if ever, the Company will realize revenue from product sales. The Company expects to largely rely on raising capital from equity investors for funding its operations. Some funding is expected to be obtained through licensing agreements or other arrangements with commercial entities. 

2. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 of ownership, the Company records net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest on the consolidated statement of operations equal to the percentage of the ownership interest retained in such entities by the respective noncontrolling parties. The noncontrolling interest is reflected as a separate element of stockholders equity (deficit) on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Any material intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation. 
 The Company assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity VIE at the inception of the arrangement and at each reporting date. This assessment is based on its power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and the Company s obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. If the entity is within the scope of the variable interest model and meets the definition of a VIE, the Company considers whether it must consolidate the VIE or provide additional disclosures regarding its involvement with the VIE. If the Company determines that it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE, the Company will consolidate the VIE. This analysis is performed at the initial investment in the entity or upon any reconsideration event. For entities the Company holds as an equity investment that are not consolidated under the VIE model, the Company will consider whether its investment constitutes a controlling financial interest in the entity and therefore should be considered for consolidation under the voting interest model. 
 of the outstanding capital stock of ReCyte. ReCyte owns certain pre-clinical research and development assets involving stem cell-derived endothelial and cardiovascular related progenitor cells for the treatment of vascular disorders and ischemic conditions. The Company owns of the outstanding capital of Reverse Bio through UniverXome. Reverse Bio owns assets involved in partial cellular reprogramming using its iTR technology with the intent to revert aged or diseased cells to a healthy and functional state. NeuroAirmid is jointly owned by the Company and certain researchers from the University of California and was organized to pursue certain cell therapies, focusing initially on Huntington s Disease. The Company owns of the outstanding capital stock of NeuroAirmid. The Company consolidates NeuroAirmid despite not having majority ownership interest as it has the ability to influence decision making and financial results through contractual rights and obligations as per Accounting Standards Codification ASC 810, Consolidation 
 12 

Table of Contents 

million and , respectively, and investments and deposits in excess of SIPC limits were million and million, respectively. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Restricted cash (1) 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash as shown in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 - years. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

years. See Note 3, Selected Balance Sheet Components 

15 

Table of Contents 

16 

Table of Contents 

 operating segment in the United States of America. 

3. 
 Prepaid insurance Other prepaid expenses Other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Equipment Software Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was immaterial. 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Accumulated amortization ) Total intangible assets, net 
 The Company recognized immaterial amortization expense of intangible assets, included in research and development expenses, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company did not have intangible assets prior to the Merger which consummated on March 26, 2024. 
 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Accrued interest on convertible promissory notes Accrued compensation Other accrued expenses Total accrued expenses 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 million of immediately spendable non-restricted cash net of all payables and other liabilities as of the closing of the Merger to meet the closing condition under the Merger Agreement. 
 Indebtedness Exchange Agreement and Issuance of AgeX Preferred Stock 
 During July 2023, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into an Exchange Agreement pursuant to which AgeX issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock to Juvenescence in exchange for the extinguishment of a total of million of indebtedness under a Secured Convertible Facility Agreement (the 2020 Loan Agreement ), the 2022 Secured Note, and the 2023 Secured Note discussed below. The Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of AgeX common stock on February 1, 2024. 
 2022 Secured Note 
 The following summary of the 2022 Secured Note is qualified by the terms of the Convertible Notes Agreement which substitutes UniverXome for AgeX as the borrower and primary obligor pursuant to the 2022 Secured Note and the Security Agreement described below, and which amends certain provisions of the 2022 Secured Note. 
 On February 14, 2022, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into a Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the 2022 Secured Note pursuant to which Juvenescence agreed to provide to AgeX a million line of credit for a period of months. The Company drew an initial million of the line of credit and used million to refinance the outstanding principal and the loan origination fees under a prior loan agreement with Juvenescence. On February 9, 2023, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into an Amended and Restated Secured Convertible Promissory Note which amends and restates the 2022 Secured Note and added million to the line of credit available to be borrowed by AgeX, under the 2022 Secured 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million, subject to the terms of the 2022 Secured Note and Juvenescence s discretion to approve and fund each of AgeX s future draws of that additional amount of credit. On June 2, 2023, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into a Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note (the Third Amendment ), which provided that (i) AgeX could draw on the available portion of the line of credit under the 2022 Secured Note until the earlier of the date a Qualified Offering as defined in the 2022 Secured Note is consummated by AgeX or October 31, 2023 (subject to Juvenescence s discretion to approve each loan draw as provided in the 2022 Secured Note), (ii) AgeX would not be obligated to issue additional common stock purchase warrants to Juvenescence in connection with the receipt of loan funds made available pursuant to the Second Amendment, and (iii) the definition of Reverse Financing Condition was amended to extend to June 20, 2023 the referenced deadline for fulfillment of the condition to permit borrowing or other incurrence of indebtedness by Reverse Bio. 
 On July 31, 2023, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into a Fourth Amendment (the Fourth Amendment to the 2022 Secured Note, which provided that (i) the definition of Reverse Financing Condition was amended to extend to October 31, 2023 the referenced deadline for fulfillment of the condition to permit borrowing or other incurrence of indebtedness by Reverse Bio, and (ii) certain aspects of the loan conversion provisions of the 2022 Secured Note were amended. On November 9, 2023, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into the Allonge and Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note (the Fifth Amendment that increased the amount of the line of credit available to AgeX by million, subject to the terms of the 2022 Secured Note and Juvenescence s discretion to approve and fund each of AgeX s future draws of that additional amount of credit. Concurrently with the execution of the Fifth Amendment, AgeX also entered into an additional Pledge Agreement to add shares of a subsidiary to the collateral under the Security Agreement, and AgeX s subsidiaries ReCyte, Reverse Bio, and UniverXome each entered into a Guaranty Agreement and Joinder Agreement pursuant to which each of them agreed to guaranty AgeX s obligations to Juvenescence pursuant to the 2022 Secured Note, as amended by the Fifth Amendment, and to grant Juvenescence a security interest in their respective assets pursuant to the Security Agreement to secure their obligations to Juvenescence. 
 On February 9, 2024, AgeX and Juvenescence executed a Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note (the Sixth Amendment that extended to May 9, 2024 the Repayment Date on which the outstanding principal balance and accrued loan origination fees will become due and payable pursuant to the 2022 Secured Note. 
 On March 26, 2024, AgeX entered into an Allonge and Seventh Amendment to the Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note (the Seventh Amendment that provided the Company an additional million of credit subject to the terms of the 2022 Secured Note which was drawn entirely on March 29, 2024. 
 On May 8, 2024, the Company entered into an Allonge and Eighth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Convertible Promissory Note that extended to December 31, 2024 the Repayment Date on which the outstanding principal balance and accrued loan origination fees will become due and payable pursuant to the 2022 Secured Note and provided the Company an additional million of credit subject to the terms of the 2022 Secured Note which was drawn entirely on May 9, 2024. The funds were used to pay certain litigation settlement expenses and related litigation costs. 
 From January 1 through September 30, 2024, AgeX drew in the aggregate million of its credit available under the 2022 Secured Note with Juvenescence. As of September 30, 2024, AgeX had borrowed a total of million under the 2022 Secured Note, of which million was borrowed during the year ended December 31, 2023. During July 2023, million of 2022 Secured Note indebtedness, comprised of million borrowing and million of accrued loan origination fees, was extinguished in exchange for shares of AgeX Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Exchange Agreement between AgeX and Juvenescence. 
 As an arrangement fee for the 2022 Secured Note, AgeX agreed to pay Juvenescence an origination fee in an amount equal to of the amount of each draw of loan funds, which will accrue as each draw is funded, and an additional of all the total amount of funds drawn that will accrue following the end of the period during which funds may be drawn from the line of credit. The origination fee will become due and payable on the repayment date or in a pro rata amount with any prepayment of in whole or in part of the outstanding principal balance of the 2022 Secured Note. 
 2022 Warrants Upon each drawdown of funds under the 2022 Secured Note prior to June 2, 2023 when the Third Amendment went into effect, AgeX issued to Juvenescence warrants to purchase shares of AgeX common stock 2022 Warrants ). The 2022 Warrants are governed by the terms of a Warrant Agreement between AgeX and Juvenescence. The number of 2022 Warrants issued with respect to each draw of loan funds was equal to 50 of the number determined by 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 shares of AgeX common stock, of which 2022 Warrants to purchase shares of AgeX common stock were issued during the year ended December 31, 2023. The exercise prices of the 2022 Warrants issued through December 31, 2023 ranged from per share to per share representing the market closing price of AgeX common stock on the NYSE American on the one day prior to delivery of the drawdown notices. However, 2022 Warrants to purchase a total of shares of AgeX common stock were cancelled pursuant to the Merger Agreement and the remaining 2022 Warrants to purchase a total of shares of common stock at prices ranging from to remain in effect. The number of shares issuable upon exercise of the 2022 Warrants and the exercise price per share are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events such as a stock split or reverse split or combination of the common stock, stock dividend, recapitalization or reclassification of the common stock, and similar events, and have been adjusted to give effect to the a 1 for 35.17 reverse stock split that AgeX implemented on March 14, 2024. See Note 7, Stockholders Equity/(Deficit) . The 2022 Warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m. New York time three years after the date of issue. The expiration dates range from June 5, 2025 to April 3, 2026. 
 Conversion of Loan Amounts to Common Stock The 2022 Secured Note included provisions allowing AgeX or Juvenescence to convert the loan balance and any accrued but unpaid origination fee into AgeX common stock; however, those provisions were eliminated from the 2022 Note pursuant to the Convertible Notes Agreement. 
 Default Provisions The loan agreement also includes customary events of default, including but not limited to the nonpayment of principal or interest, violations of covenants, material adverse changes, attachment, levy, restraint on business, cross-defaults on material indebtedness, bankruptcy, delisting, material judgments, misrepresentations, governmental approvals, and disposal of material assets. Upon an event of default, the outstanding loan balance and origination fees may become immediately due and payable prior to the mandatory repayment date. 
 2023 Secured Note 
 The following summary of the 2023 Secured Note is qualified by the terms of the Convertible Notes Agreement which substitutes UniverXome for AgeX as the borrower and primary obligor pursuant to the 2023 Secured Note and the Security Agreement described below, and which amends certain provisions of the 2023 Secured Note. 
 On March 13, 2023, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into a million Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the 2023 Secured Note pursuant to which Juvenescence loaned to AgeX million. AgeX used the loan proceeds to finance a million loan to Legacy Serina which was converted into Legacy Serina common stock in connection with the Merger. 
 On July 31, 2023, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into an amendment to the 2023 Secured Note that mirrors the amendments of the 2022 Secured Note pursuant to the Fourth Amendment of the 2022 Secured Note described above and also modified certain aspects of the conversion provisions of the 2023 Secured Note. The outstanding principal balance of the 2023 Secured Note was scheduled to become due and payable on March 13, 2026. In lieu of accrued interest, AgeX agreed to pay Juvenescence an origination fee in an amount equal to of the loan funds disbursed to AgeX, which will accrue in two installments. The origination fee will become due and payable on the earliest to occur of (i) repayment of the 2023 Secured Note in whole or in part (provided that the origination fee shall be prorated for the amount of any partial repayment) and (ii) the acceleration of the maturity date of the 2023 Secured Note following an Event of Default as defined in the 2023 Secured Note. 
 During July 2023, the 2023 Secured Note indebtedness, plus a portion of the accrued loan origination fees, was exchanged for shares of AgeX Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Exchange Agreement. 
 The 2023 Secured Note included provisions allowing AgeX or Juvenescence to convert the loan balance and any accrued but unpaid origination fee into the Company common stock; however, those provisions were eliminated from the 2023 Note pursuant to the Convertible Notes Agreement. 
 The 2023 Secured Note includes certain covenants that among other matters require financial reporting and impose certain restrictions on UniverXome that are substantially the same as those under the 2022 Secured Note. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 ) Non-current 2023 Secured Note Total debt, net ) 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 On March 13, 2023, AgeX executed that certain Letter of Indemnification in Lieu of or Supplemental to a Medallion Signature Guarantee Letter of Indemnification ), pursuant to which AgeX agreed to indemnify American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and its affiliates, successors and assigns (the AST Indemnity from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities or losses arising out of the transfer of all of the AgeX common stock held by Juvenescence to its wholly-owned subsidiary, Juvenescence US Corp. (the Share Transfer ). In connection with AgeX s execution of the Letter of Indemnification, AgeX and Juvenescence entered into that certain Transfer of Shares of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock Indemnification Agreement, pursuant to which Juvenescence agreed to indemnify AgeX against any and all claims, damages, liabilities or losses arising out of the Share Transfer or AST Indemnity. 
 shares of AgeX common stock held by Juvenescence US Corp. to JuvVentures (the JUV US Share Transfer ). In connection with AgeX s execution of the ETC Letter of Indemnification, AgeX, Juvenescence, the ultimate parent company of Juvenescence US Corp. and JuvVentures, entered into that certain Transfer of Shares of AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock Indemnification Agreement, pursuant to which Juvenescence agreed to indemnify AgeX against any and all claims, damages, liabilities or losses arising out of the JUV US Share Transfer or ETC Indemnity. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Total 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Liabilities: Convertible promissory notes Total 
 Convertible Promissory Notes 
 AgeX-Serina Note 
 On March 15, 2023, Legacy Serina issued a Convertible Promissory Note (the AgeX-Serina Note in the amount of million to AgeX. The AgeX-Serina Note bore interest at per annum and was scheduled to mature on March 15, 2026. Serina borrowed the million pursuant to the AgeX-Serina Note to provide for general working capital needs. The AgeX-Serina Note was converted into shares of Legacy Serina common stock by AgeX in connection with the Merger. 
 Serina evaluated the AgeX-Serina Note in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , and determined it contains certain variable share settlement features tied to the price of a future financing which were not considered clearly and closely related to the host instrument. These provisions included automatic conversion upon the event of a Qualified Financing, the Holder s option to convert the AgeX-Serina Note upon a Non-Qualified Financing, and the Holder s option to convert or request repayment upon sale of Serina. The AgeX-Serina Note also contained a Change in Control Put and a Default Put which were not clearly and closely related to the host instrument. Serina elected to initially and subsequently measure the AgeX-Serina Note in its entirety at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. The fair value inception date adjustment on the instrument is recorded as a component of other income in Serina s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 On March 15, 2023, the fair value of the million principal amount under the AgeX-Serina Note was evaluated and an adjustment to reduce the fair value of the principal balance to million was recorded at that time. The change in fair value recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to and million gain, respectively. The change in fair value recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to million loss and a million gain, respectively. 
 Legacy Serina Convertible Notes 
 From September 2022 through February 2023, Legacy Serina issued interest-bearing Convertible Promissory Notes (the Legacy Serina Convertible Notes to various investors in the principal amount of million. The Legacy Serina Convertible Notes bore interest at per annum and were scheduled to become due and payable by Legacy Serina two years from the respective issuance dates. The Legacy Serina Convertible Notes provided that upon a Qualified Equity Financing event in which Serina sells shares of Preferred Stock for aggregate proceeds of at least million, the principal and outstanding interest on the Legacy Serina Convertible Notes would automatically convert into shares of Legacy Serina s Preferred Stock issued in the Qualified Financing at a conversion price of the lesser of (i) a discount to the price paid by purchasers in the Qualified Financing and (ii) the quotient resulted from dividing million by the fully diluted capitalization of Legacy Serina immediately prior to the Qualified Financing. If Serina were to enter into a Non-Qualified Equity Financing (less than million in proceeds), the holders of the Legacy Serina Convertible notes would have had the option to convert the Legacy Serina Convertible Notes into shares of Serina s Preferred Stock issued in the Non-Qualified Financing at the price paid per share. Serina had the right to optionally convert the Legacy Serina Convertible Notes into Legacy Serina Series A-5 Preferred Stock at a price of per share, and a warrant to purchase 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 , and an expiration date of December 31, 2024. If a Change in Control or an IPO were to occur prior to a Qualified Financing, then the holders of Legacy Serina Convertible Notes would have had the option to convert outstanding principal and interest into common stock at a price per share equal to an amount obtained by dividing (i) the Post-Money Valuation Cap by (ii) the Fully Diluted Capitalization, as such terms were defined in the Legacy Serina Convertible Notes, immediately prior to the conversion. Upon a change in control, the Legacy Serina Convertible Note holders were entitled to require Legacy Serina to repay the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest in cash. 
 Serina evaluated the Legacy Serina Convertible Notes in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging , and determined they contained certain variable share settlement features tied to the price of a future financing which were not considered clearly and closely related to the host instruments. These provisions included mandatory conversion upon the event of a Qualified Financing and the holder s option to convert the Legacy Serina Convertible Notes upon a Non-Qualified Financing. The Legacy Serina Convertible Notes also contained a Change in Control Put and a Default Put which were not clearly and closely related to the host instrument. Serina elected to initially and subsequently measure the Legacy Serina Convertible Notes in their entirety at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. The fair value inception date adjustment on the instrument is recorded as a component of other income in Serina s condensed consolidated statements of operations. The change in fair value of the instrument since inception date is recorded on a separate line item as a component of other income in Serina s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 On July 26, 2023, all of the Legacy Serina Convertible Notes were converted into shares of Legacy Serina Series A-5 Preferred Stock. As provided for in the note agreements, the holders of the Legacy Serina Convertible Notes also received warrants to purchase an additional shares of Legacy Serina Series A-5 Preferred Stock. See Note 7, Stockholders Equity/(Deficit) for discussion of Legacy Serina warrants assumed by the Company upon consummation of the Merger on March 26, 2024. The change in fair value for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was losses of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Notes converted into common stock ) Change in fair value Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 AgeX-Serina Note Serina Convertible Notes Balance as of December 31, 2022 Convertible debt issuance Inception adjustment ) Notes converted to Series A-5 pref. stock ) Notes converted to warrants ) Change in fair value ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 Warrant Liability 
 The Company classifies the Post-Merger Warrants and the Incentive Warrants (collectively, the Merger Warrants as liabilities. At the end of each reporting period, changes in fair value during the period are recognized as a component of other income (expense), net within the consolidated statements of operations. The change in fair value of these warrant liabilities recognized during the three months period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to million and 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 million gain, respectively. The change in fair value recognized during the nine months period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to million and million gain. The Company will continue adjusting the warrant liability for changes in fair value until the earlier of a) the exercise or expiration of the warrants or b) the redemption of the warrants, at which time the warrants will be reclassified to additional paid-in capital. On June 6, 2024, Juvenescence exercised Post-Merger Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share, for a total purchase price of million. In addition to the shares of common stock, upon exercise of the Post-Merger Warrants, Juvenescence also received Incentive Warrants to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share that expire on . As of September 30, 2024, Juvenescence held Post-Merger Warrants and Incentive Warrants. 
 Prior to the Merger, the Company classified certain of the Assumed Warrants as liabilities. Upon consummation of the Merger, all Assumed Warrants were adjusted such that after the Merger each such Assumed Warrant represents the right to purchase a number of shares of Company common stock equal to multiplied by the number of shares of Legacy Serina common stock issuable upon the exercise of such Assumed Warrant prior to the Merger. The Assumed Warrants have an exercise price of per share and expire on December 31, 2024. 
 Fair value at inception Exercise ) Change in fair value ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 Balance as of December 31, 2022 Change in fair value ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 Expected term (in years) 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield 
 Expected volatility for the periods post Merger consummation on March 26, 2024 is based on historical volatility of the Company, while pre Merger periods use the historical volatility of comparable public entities as an estimate. The Company estimates the expected term using time to expiration of the warrant. The risk-free interest rate is the yield on a U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issue with a remaining term equal to or approximating the expected term of the warrant. 

7. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Exchange Ratio as of December 31, 2023 (in thousands other than per share price). 
 Preference Order Designation Shares Designated Shares Issued and Outstanding Issue Price per Share Carrying Value Liquidation Preference #1 Series A Preferred Stock #2 Series A-1 Preferred Stock #3 Series A-2 Preferred Stock #4 Series A-3 Preferred Stock #5 Series A-4 Preferred Stock #6 Series A-5 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 The holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive ratably dividends when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. Upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, the holders of Company common stock are entitled to receive ratably the net assets available after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of the Company outstanding preferred shares, if any. 
 The holders of held on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company stockholders. The holders of common stock have no preemptive, subscription, or redemption rights. The outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Warrants 
 Merger Warrants 
 On March 19, 2024, the Company issued to each holder of AgeX common stock as of the dividend record date, March 18, 2024, three warrants Post-Merger Warrants for each five shares of AgeX common stock held by such stockholder. Each Post-Merger Warrant is exercisable for one Unit at a price equal to 13.20 per Unit and will expire on July 31, 2025. Each Unit will consist of (i) one share of Company common stock and (ii) one warrant Incentive Warrant ). Each Incentive Warrant is exercisable for one share of Company common stock at a price equal to per warrant and will expire on the four-year anniversary of the closing date of the Merger. As of September 30, 2024 there were Post-Merger Warrants issued and outstanding. The Company classifies the Post-Merger Warrants and the Incentive Warrants as liabilities. See Note 6, Fair Value Measurements , regarding accounting for warrant liabilities. 
 The Side Letter provides, among other things, that Juvenescence will exercise all Post-Merger Warrants it holds to provide the Company an additional million in capital according to the following schedule: (x) at least one-third on or before May 31, 2024, (y) at least one-third on or before November 30, 2024, and (z) at least one-third on or before June 30, 2025. Juvenescence received Post-Merger Warrants. On June 6, 2024, Juvenescence exercised Post-Merger Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share, for a total purchase price of million. In addition to the shares of common stock, upon exercise of the Post-Merger Warrants, Juvenescence also received Incentive Warrants to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share that expire on . As of September 30, 2024, Juvenescence held Post-Merger Warrants and Incentive Warrants. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Warrants issued Warrants exercised ) Warrants outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 Assumed Warrants 
 Upon consummation of the Merger, the Company assumed the outstanding, unexercised warrants to purchase Legacy Serina capital stock (the Assumed Warrants ), which were adjusted such that after the Merger each such Assumed Warrant represents the right to purchase a number of shares of Company common stock equal to multiplied by the number of shares of Legacy Serina common stock issuable upon the exercise of such Assumed Warrant prior to the Merger. There were Assumed Warrants issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 with an exercise price of per share and that expire on December 31, 2024. 
 Of the Assumed Warrants, warrants which were granted prior to 2021 contain both put and call options. The Company may call the warrants at any time following the date the warrants become exercisable. These warrants are accordingly accounted for as a liability and remeasured to fair value at each reporting period. The warrants with a fair value of million were accounted for as equity as they were issued in connection with the conversion of promissory notes to equity during 2023. See Note 6, Fair Value Measurements , regarding accounting for warrant liabilities. 
 Former AgeX Warrants 
 warrants issued and outstanding with exercise prices ranging from to and expiration dates ranging from June 5, 2025 to April 3, 2026. These warrants were issued in connection with drawdowns of loan funds by AgeX from Juvenescence under the 2022 Secured Note and were equity classified. On March 26, 2024, as per the terms of the Side Letter executed concurrently with the Merger Agreement on August 29, 2023, all out of the money AgeX warrants were canceled. The number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the remaining in the money warrants and the exercise prices of those warrants were adjusted for the reverse stock split ratio of . 
 
 8. 
 shares of common stock for the grant to new employees or non-employee directors of stock options or the sale of restricted stock or for the settlement of restricted stock units which are hypothetical units issued with reference to common stock RSUs ). The Company may also grant stock appreciation rights SARs under the Inducement Plan. The Plan also permits the Company to issue such other securities as its Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee administering the Inducement Plan may determine. As of September 30, 2024, no options were granted from the plan. Options under this plan primarily have a ten-year life, vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic installments as determined by the Board or Committee or based upon the attainment of a Performance Goal or the occurrence of a specified event. The vesting provisions of individual options may vary. 
 Serina 2024 Equity Incentive Plan 
 On March 27, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, (the 2024 Incentive Plan ). Under the 2024 Incentive Plan, the Company has reserved shares of common stock for the grant to employees, directors, and consultants of stock options or SARs, or the sale of restricted stock or for the settlement of RSUs. The 2024 Incentive Plan also permits the Company to issue such other securities as its Board of Directors or the 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 shares of the Company common stock were outstanding under the 2024 Incentive Plan, which options have an exercise prices ranging from to per share and expire on dates ranging from March 2034 to September 2034. As of September 30, 2024, stock options under the 2024 Incentive Plan had been exercised. 
 Serina 2017 Stock Option Plan 
 In 2017, the Legacy Serina s Board of Directors adopted the Serina Therapeutics, Inc. 2017 Stock Option Plan (the 2017 Option Plan that provides for the granting of stock options to employees. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company assumed the outstanding stock options granted by Legacy Serina under the 2017 Option Plan. The options were adjusted such that after the Merger each such option granted and outstanding under the 2017 Option Plan represents the right to purchase a number of shares of Company common stock equal to multiplied by the number of shares of Legacy Serina common stock issuable upon the exercise of such options granted and outstanding under the 2017 Option Plan prior to the Merger. As of September 30, 2024, options to purchase shares of Company common stock were outstanding under the 2017 Option Plan, which options have an exercise price of and expire on dates ranging from October 2024 to December 2032. As of September 30, 2024, stock options under the 2017 Option Plan had been exercised. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, no further options shall be granted under the 2017 Option Plan. 
 Serina 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Under the Serina 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the 2017 Incentive Plan formerly AgeX 2017 Equity Incentive Plan), the Company has reserved shares of common stock for the grant of stock options or the sale of Restricted Stock or for the settlement of RSUs. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, all out of the money options (meaning those options with an exercise price equal to or greater than on a pre-reverse stock split basis) were canceled and no further options shall be granted under the 2017 Incentive Plan. The in the money stock options were adjusted for the reverse stock split ratio of 1 for 35.17. As of September 30, 2024, there were stock options granted and outstanding with exercise prices ranging from to per share and expiration dates ranging from November 2024 to January 2034. As of September 30, 2024, no stock options under the 2017 Incentive Plan had been exercised. 
 Assumption of options in connection with the Merger Granted Exercised ) Cancelled/Forfeited ) Balance at September 30, 2024 Options exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted stock options to purchase shares of common stock to certain employees and consultants under the 2024 Incentive Plan, with a weighted average grant date fair value of per share. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock option grants of million as of September 30, 2024 is expected to be recognized over weighted average period of years. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 Volatility - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rates - 
 - 
 Dividend yield 
 (1) Relates to stock options granted under the Serina 2024 Equity Incentive Plan during the period. 
 (2) There were no stock options granted during the period. 
 The Company does not recognize deferred income taxes for incentive stock option compensation expense and records a tax deduction only when a disqualified disposition has occurred. 
 
 9. 
 discretionary employer matching or employer profit sharing contributions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 10. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

11. 
 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases Finance leases 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Accumulated Amortization ) ) Right-of-use asset, net Right-of-use lease liability, current Right-of-use lease liability, noncurrent Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases Right-of-use assets Accumulated Amortization ) ) Right-of-use asset, net Right-of-use lease liability, current Right-of-use lease liability, noncurrent Total finance lease liabilities 
 Weighted average remaining lease term Operating lease years years Finance leases years years Weighted average discount rate Operating lease Finance leases 
 Year ending December 31, 2025 Year ending December 31, 2026 Year ending December 31, 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total lease obligations Less: current portion ) Long-term lease obligations 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 million in May 2024 for the Enable arrangement and will amortize the cost on a straight-line basis until December 2025. 
 Indemnification 
 In the normal course of business, the Company may provide indemnifications of varying scope under the Company s agreements with other companies or consultants, typically for the Company s research and development programs. Pursuant to these agreements, the Company will generally agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and reimburse the indemnified parties for losses and expenses suffered or incurred by the indemnified parties arising from claims of third parties in connection with the Company s research and development. Indemnification provisions could also cover third-party infringement claims with respect to patent rights, copyrights, or other intellectual property licensed from the Company to third parties. Office and laboratory leases will also generally indemnify the lessor with respect to certain matters that may arise during the term of the lease. The Registration Rights Agreement between Juvenescence and the Company includes indemnification provisions pursuant to which the parties will indemnify each other from certain liabilities in connection with the registration, offer, and sale of securities under a registration statement, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. The Company has also agreed to provide the AST Indemnity and the ETC Indemnity pursuant to the Letter of Indemnification described in Note 5, Related Party Transactions . The term of these indemnification obligations will generally continue in effect after the termination or expiration of the particular license, lease, or agreement to which they relate. The potential future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements will generally not be subject to any specified maximum amount. Historically, the Company has not been subject to any claims or demands for indemnification. The Company also maintains various liability insurance policies that limit the Company s financial exposure and in the case of the AST Indemnity and the ETC Indemnity the Company has received a cross-indemnity from Juvenescence against all claims, damages, liabilities or losses arising out of the AST Indemnity and the ETC Indemnity. As a result, the Company believes the fair value of these 
 32 

Table of Contents 

12. 
 ) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest Net earnings (loss) attributable to Serina ) DENOMINATOR Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding used to calculate basic net earnings (loss) per common share Basic net earnings (loss) per common share allocable to common stockholders ) Diluted net earnings (loss) per common share allocable to common stockholders NUMERATOR Net earnings (loss) attributable to Serina ) Add back: interest on convertible promissory notes Net earnings (loss) allocable to common stockholders ) DENOMINATOR Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding used to calculate basic net earnings (loss) per common share Add: dilutive effect of stock options Add: dilutive effect of warrants Add: dilutive effect of common stock issued for convertible promissory notes Add: dilutive effect of redeemable convertible preferred stock Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding used to calculate diluted net earnings (loss) per common share Diluted net earnings (loss) per common share attributable to common stockholders ) 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Convertible promissory notes Stock options Warrants Total anti-dilutive securities 
 
 13. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements and notes thereto included in this report and our Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information attached as Exhibit 99.3, and Serina s audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, attached as Exhibit 99.2, to Serina s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024 (the April 1 Form 8-K ). Past operating results are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in future periods. 
 
 The following discussion includes forward-looking statements. See Forward-Looking Statements, above. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and from historical results depending upon a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our April 1 Form 8-K, and in our subsequent filings with the SEC, including any discussed in Part II, Item 1A of this report under the heading Risk Factors. 
 
 All information presented in this report is based on our fiscal year. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to our fiscal years ending December 31 and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a pipeline of wholly owned drug product candidates to treat neurological diseases and pain. Our POZ drug delivery technology is designed to enable certain existing drugs and novel drug candidates to be modified in a way that may provide an increase in efficacy and safety of the resulting polymeric drug conjugate. Our proprietary POZ technology is based on a synthetic, water soluble, low viscosity polymer called poly(2-oxazoline). Our POZ technology is engineered to provide greater control in drug loading and more precision in the rate of release of attached drugs delivered via subcutaneous injection. The therapeutic agents in our product candidates are typically well-understood and marketed drugs that are effective but are limited by pharmacokinetic profiles that can include toxicity, side effects and short half-life. We believe that by using POZ technology, drugs with narrow therapeutic windows can be designed to maintain more desirable and stable levels in the blood. 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Note 1 in our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements and the related notes above. 
 
 On March 26, 2024, we completed the Merger, pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy Serina, with Legacy Serina surviving as our wholly owned subsidiary. Additionally, on March 26, 2024, we changed our name to Serina Therapeutics, Inc. See the Explanatory Note included elsewhere in this Report for additional information regarding completion of the Merger. 
 
 Our operations through September 30, 2024, have been financed primarily by aggregate net proceeds of 51.9 million from the issuance of convertible preferred stock and convertible notes and exercise of Post-Merger Warrants to purchase our common shares by Juvenescence. Since our inception in 2006, we have had significant operating losses. Our operating loss was 11.5 million and 3.4 million for nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 13.8 million and 3.2 million in cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 Our losses from operations, negative operating cash flows and accumulated deficit, as well as the additional capital needed to fund operations within one year of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements issuance date, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We expect to incur substantial expenditures in the foreseeable future for the development of our product candidates and will require additional financing to continue this development. 
 
 Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our accounts payable and accrued expenses. We expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect our research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses, and capital expenditures will continue to increase. In particular, we expect our expenses to increase as we continue our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates, as well as hire additional personnel, pay fees to outside consultants, attorneys, and accountants, and, incur other increased costs associated with being a public company. In addition, if and when we seek and obtain regulatory approval to commercialize any product candidate, we will also incur increased expenses in connection with commercialization and marketing of any such product. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 quarter and year to year, depending on the timing of our clinical trials and our expenditures on other research and development activities. We anticipate that our expenses will increase significantly in connection with our ongoing activities as we: 
 
 advance our lead product candidate, SER 252 into Phase I clinical trials; 
 advance our other product candidates; 
 advance our preclinical programs to clinical trials; 
 further invest in our pipeline; 
 seek regulatory approval for our investigational medicines; 
 maintain, expand, protect, and defend our intellectual property portfolio; 
 secure facilities to support continued growth in our research, development, and commercialization efforts; and 
 increase our headcount to support our development efforts and to expand our clinical development team. 
 
 We have not had any products approved for sale. We do not expect to generate any product sales unless and until we successfully complete development and obtain regulatory approval for one or more of our product candidates. If we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing, and distribution. As a result, until such time, if ever, that we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including collaborations, licenses, or similar arrangements. However, we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed or on favorable terms, if at all. Any failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and on our ability to pursue our business plans and strategies, including our research and development activities. If we are unable to raise capital, we will need to delay, reduce, or terminate planned activities to reduce costs. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses and analyzes data in our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). Preparation of the financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Senior management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Actual conditions may differ from our assumptions and actual results may differ from our estimates. 
 An accounting policy is deemed critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur, that could materially impact the financial statements. Management believes that there have been no significant changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the items that we disclosed as our critical accounting policies and estimates in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report in the April 1 Form 8-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, except as disclosed in Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 
 Components of Operating Results 
 Grant Revenues 
 Our grants and contracts reimburse us for direct and indirect costs relating to the grant projects and also provide us with a pre-negotiated profit margin on total direct and indirect costs of the grant award, excluding subcontractor costs, after giving effect to directly attributable costs and allowable overhead costs. Funds received from grants and contracts are generally 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 deemed to be earned and recognized as revenue as allowable costs are incurred during the grant or contract period and the right to payment is realized. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses since inception have consisted primarily of research and development expenses and general and administrative costs. 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for the development of our product candidates and our drug discovery efforts, which include: 
 personnel costs, which include salaries, benefits and equity-based compensation expense; 
 expenses incurred under agreements with consultants and contract organizations that conduct research and development activities on our behalf; 
 costs related to production of preclinical and clinical materials, including fees paid to contract manufacturers; 
 laboratory and vendor expenses related to the execution of preclinical studies and planned clinical trials; and 
 laboratory supplies and equipment used for internal research and development activities. 
 We expense all research and development costs in the periods in which they are incurred. Costs for certain research and development activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information and data provided to us by our vendors and service providers. 
 Our research and development expenses are not currently tracked on a program-by-program basis. We use our personnel and infrastructure resources across multiple research and development programs directed toward identifying and developing product candidates and therefore have not implemented the systems and procedures to track research and development expenses on a program-by-program basis. We track research and development expenses based on the type of expense as further described below under Results of Operations Research and Development Expenses . Substantially all our historical research and development costs were incurred on the development of our preclinical candidates and advancing research on our POZ lipid technology. 
 We expect our research and development expenses to increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in research and development activities related to developing our product candidates, including investments in conducting clinical trials, manufacturing and otherwise advancing our programs. The process of conducting the clinical research necessary to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time consuming, and the successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development and the current stage of development of our product candidates and programs, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing, and estimated costs necessary to complete the remainder of the development of our product candidates or programs. We are also unable to predict if, when, or to what extent we will obtain approval and generate revenues from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates. The duration, costs and timing of preclinical studies and clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a variety of factors, including: 
 successful completion of preclinical studies and initiation of clinical trials for future product candidates; 
 successful enrollment and completion of clinical trials for our current product candidates; 
 data from our clinical programs that support an acceptable risk benefit profile of our product candidates in the intended patient populations; acceptance by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, or other applicable regulatory agencies of the Investigational New Drug, or IND, applications, clinical trial applications and/or other regulatory filings for SER 252 and other product candidates. 
 expansion and maintenance of a workforce of experienced scientists and others to continue to develop our product candidates; 
 successful application for and receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 
 obtainment and maintenance of intellectual property protection and regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates; 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 making of arrangements with contract manufacturing organizations for, or establishment of, commercial manufacturing capabilities; 
 establishment of sales, marketing and distribution capabilities and successful launch of commercial sales of our product candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 
 acceptance of our product candidates, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third party payors; 
 effective competition with other therapies; 
 obtainment and maintenance of coverage, adequate pricing, and adequate reimbursement from third party payors, including government payors; 
 maintenance, enforcement, defense, and protection of our rights in our intellectual property portfolio; 
 avoidance of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations with respect to others intellectual property or proprietary rights; and 
 maintenance of a continued acceptable safety profile of our products following receipt of any marketing approvals. 
 We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. We may obtain unexpected results from our preclinical studies and clinical trials. We may elect to discontinue, delay, or modify clinical trials of some product candidates or focus on others. A change in the outcome of any of these factors could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of our current and future preclinical and clinical product candidates. For example, if the FDA or another regulatory authority were to require us to conduct clinical trials beyond those that we currently anticipate will be required for the completion of clinical development, or if we experience significant delays in execution of or enrollment in any of our preclinical studies or clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time on the completion of preclinical and clinical development. 
 Research and development activities account for a significant portion of our operating expenses. We expect our research and development expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to implement our business strategy, which includes advancing SER 252 and our other product candidates through clinical development, expanding our research and development efforts, including hiring additional personnel to support our research and development efforts, and seeking regulatory approvals for our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials. In addition, product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally incur higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later stage clinical trials. As a result, we expect our research and development expenses to increase as our product candidates advance into later stages of clinical development. However, we do not believe that it is possible at this time to accurately project total program specific expenses through commercialization. There are numerous factors associated with the successful commercialization of any of our product candidates, including future trial design and various regulatory requirements, many of which cannot be determined with accuracy at this time based on our stage of development. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, including equity-based compensation, and other expenses for outside professional services, including legal, recruiting, audit and accounting, and facility related costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses. Personnel costs consist of salaries, benefits and equity-based compensation expense for our personnel in executive and other administrative functions. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase over the next several years to support our continued research and development activities, manufacturing activities, increased costs of expanding our operations and operating as a public company. These increases will likely include increases related to the hiring of additional personnel and legal, regulatory, and other fees and services associated with maintaining compliance with the NYSE American Company Guide and Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, requirements, director and officer insurance costs, and investor relations costs associated with being a public company. 
 Other Income/(Expense) 
 Our other income is comprised of interest income on our cash equivalents, and changes in fair value of our convertible notes and liability-classified warrants. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Our other expense is comprised of expenses related to the change in fair value of the embedded derivatives and interest accrued from the convertible notes. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The table presented below shows our operating expenses for the periods presented (in thousands). 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) 2024 2023 Research and development expenses 2,415 603 1,812 General and administrative expenses 2,911 889 2,022 Other income, net 6,695 3,215 3,480 Total 1,369 1,723 (354) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Increase/ (Decrease) 2024 2023 Research and development expenses 5,115 1,481 3,634 General and administrative expenses 6,454 1,955 4,499 Other income, net 3,044 7,588 (4,544) Total (8,525) 4,152 (12,677) 
 Revenues 
 Revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were not material. 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.6 million for the same period in 2023. The increase of 1.8 million is primarily due to increases of 0.8 million in salaries and payroll related expenses due to increase in headcount, 0.5 million in professional fees for the maintenance of certain patent and other intellectual property and biological material assets included in Legacy Assets, and 0.5 million in outside research services and consultants for research programs. 
 Research and development expenses were 5.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.5 million for the same period in 2023. The increase of 3.6 million is primarily due to increase of (1) 1.2 million in salaries and payroll related expenses due to increase in headcount, (2) 0.9 million in professional fees related to the maintenance of certain patent and other intellectual property, and biological material assets included in Legacy Assets (3) 0.9 million in outside research services and consultants for research programs, (4) 0.3 million in severance expense and (5) 0.3 million increase in other miscellaneous expenses including facility, laboratory and depreciation. 
 See Notes 1, Organization, Business Overview and Liquidity and 5, Related Party Transactions to our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information about the Legacy Assets. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 2.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.9 million for the same period in 2023. The increase of 2.0 million is due primarily to increases of (1) 0.9 million of stock based compensation expenses as a result of new directors and new hire option grants, (2) 0.5 million of consulting expenses to assist with the implementation of new platforms and software, (3) a non-recurring 0.3 million severance expense (4) 0.2 million in compensation and related expenses as a result of increased headcount (5) 0.2 million in 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 directors and officers insurance, and (6) 0.2 million in miscellaneous expenses that were individually insignificant. These expenses were offset by a decrease of 0.3 million in professional legal and accounting services incurred largely in connection with the Merger which consummated on March 26, 2024. 
 General and administrative expenses were 6.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.0 million for the same period in 2023. The increase of 4.5 million is due primarily to increases of (1) 1.2 million of stock based compensation expenses as a result of new directors grant and new hire option grants (2) 0.8 million of consulting expenses to assist with the implementation of new platforms and software, (3) 0.5 million in salaries and payroll related expenses due to increased headcount (4) 0.4 million in directors and officers insurance (5) 0.9 million in professional legal and accounting services incurred largely in connection with the Merger which consummated on March 26, 2024, (6) 0.3 million severance expense, and (7) 0.3 million in market research and our website development related expenses. 
 Other income, net 
 Other income, net was 6.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 3.2 million for the same period in 2023. The increase of 3.5 million is primarily attributable to an increase of 6.1 million in the gain from the change in fair value of liability classified Merger Warrants during three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. This aggregate increase was offset by the loss in the fair value of the Legacy Serina Convertible Notes and the AgeX-Serina Note of 2.6 million. 
 Other income, net was 3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 7.6 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease of 4.6 million is primarily attributable to: (1) the aggregate change in the fair value of the Legacy Serina Convertible Notes and the AgeX-Serina Note which amounted to a 13.7 million loss (2) the increase in amortization of deferred debt issuance costs related to the 2022 Secured Note which amounted 0.1 million (3) offset to some extent by the change in fair value of liability classified Merger Warrants which amounted to a gain of 9.3 million. 
 See Note 5, Related Party Transactions to our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information about the 2022 Secured Note. See Notes 6, Fair Value Measurements and 7, Stockholders Equity/(Deficit) to our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information on fair value adjustments of convertible promissory notes, Legacy Serina warrants, liability classified Merger Warrants, and conversion of the AgeX-Serina Note upon consummation of the Merger on March 26, 2024. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 We had 3.2 million in cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024. Our operations have been financed primarily by the issuance of common stock, convertible preferred stock, and convertible notes by AgeX and Serina prior to the Merger, and by 2.9 million drawn under the 2022 Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the 2022 Secured Note subsequent to consummation of the Merger. We have drawn down the entire amount of credit that was made available to us through the 2022 Secured Note. See Note 5, Related Party Transactions to our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information about the 2022 Secured Note. In addition, we received 5.0 million from Juvenescence during June 2024 through the exercise of Post-Merger Warrants. Juvenescence has agreed to exercise the remaining Post-Merger Warrants it holds in accordance with the following schedule, which will provide us with 10.0 million of additional funds. 
 Post-Merger Warrant Exercise Deadline Number of Post-Merger Warrants to Be Exercised Amount of Proceeds 
 November 30, 2024 377,864 5.0 million June 30, 2025 377,864 5.0 million 
 Our primary use of cash is to fund operating expenses, which consist primarily of research and development expenditures, and to a lesser extent, general and administrative expenditures. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Since inception, we have had significant operating losses and negative cash flows as of September 30, 2024 and had an accumulated deficit of 21.8 million. Our losses from operations, negative operating cash flows and accumulated deficit, as well as the additional capital needed to fund operations within one year of the issuance date of our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included in this Report, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we do not receive the 10 million of cash proceeds expected from Juvenescence through the exercise of the Post-Merger Warrants pursuant to the terms of the Side Letter, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. We expect to incur substantial expenditures in the foreseeable future for the development of our product candidates and will require additional financing to continue this development. Our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 The unavailability or inadequacy of financing to meet future capital needs could force us to modify, curtail, delay, or suspend some or all aspects of planned operations. 
 Funding Requirements 
 Any product candidates we may develop may never achieve commercialization, and we anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We expect that our research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses, and capital expenditures will continue to increase. Our primary uses of capital are, and we expect will continue to be, costs related to pre-clinical and clinical research, clinical studies, manufacturing, and development services; compensation and related expenses; costs relating to the build out of our laboratories at our headquarters; license payments or milestone obligations that may arise; laboratory expenses and costs for related supplies; manufacturing costs; legal and other regulatory expenses and general overhead costs. 
 We believe that our cash on hand, along with the 10.0 million of cash proceeds expected to be received from Juvenescence through the exercise of the remaining Post-Merger Warrants it holds, as provided in the Side Letter, will not be sufficient to enable us to fund our operations through calendar year 2025 based on our current plan. To finance our operations beyond that point, we will need to raise additional capital, which cannot be assured. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. We will continue to require additional financing to advance our current product candidates through clinical development, to develop, acquire or in license other potential product candidates and to fund operations for the foreseeable future. We will continue to seek funds through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, licenses, and other similar arrangements. However, we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all. If we do raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders rights. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends. Any failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and on our ability to pursue our business plans and strategies. If we are unable to raise capital, we will need to delay, reduce, or terminate planned activities to reduce costs. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development, and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our operating capital requirements. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 the progress, costs and results of IND enabling studies for our lead product candidate SER 252 and our potential future clinical trials for SER 252; 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of discovery research, preclinical development, laboratory testing and clinical trials for our other product candidates; 
 the costs, timing, and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 
 our ability to enter into contract manufacturing arrangements for supply of active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and manufacture of our product candidates and the terms of such arrangements; 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to establish and maintain strategic collaborations, licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of such arrangements; 
 the payment or receipt of milestones and receipt of other collaboration-based revenues, if any; the costs and timing of any future commercialization activities, including product manufacturing, sales, marketing, and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we may receive marketing approval; 
 the amount and timing of revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 
 the costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property and proprietary rights and defending any intellectual property related claims; 
 the extent to which we acquire or in license other products, product candidates, technologies, or data referencing rights; 
 the ability to receive additional nondilutive funding, including grants from organizations and foundations; and 
 the costs of operating as a public company 
 Further, our operating plans may change, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements for clinical trials and other research and development activities. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of our product candidates, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated product development programs. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes the major sources and uses of cash for the periods set forth below (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2024 2023 Change Change Net cash used in operating activities (12,548) (2,597) (9,951) 383.2 Net cash used in investing activities (17) (434) 417 (96.1) Net cash provided by financing activities 8,181 10,080 (1,899) (18.8) Net increase in cash (4,384) 7,049 (11,433) (162.2) 
 Operating Activities 
 Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 8.5 million. Net cash used in operating activities during this period amounted to 12.5 million. The 4.0 million difference between the net loss and net cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was comprised of non-cash items, totaling 1.0 million and changes in operating assets and liabilities totaling 3.0 million. The net 1.0 million increase of non-cash items primarily consisted of a 10.4 million gain from the change in the fair value of warrants, offset by a 7.0 million loss from the change in fair value of convertible notes, 1.6 million in stock-based compensation, 0.3 million amortization of deferred debt issuance costs, 0.2 million decrease in accrued interest on the AgeX-Serina Note and 0.3 million in depreciation and non-cash lease expenses. The net 3.0 million cash used in operating assets and liabilities primarily consisted of a 2.4 million increase in prepaid expenses (comprised of 1.7 million in prepaid technology access fee and 0.7 million in other prepaid expenses and current assets), and a 0.7 million decrease in accounts payable. 
 Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 4.2 million. Net cash used in operating activities during this period amounted to 2.7 million. The 6.9 million difference between the net gain and net cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was comprised of non-cash items, totaling 7.2 million, offset by the increase in operating assets and liabilities totaling 0.3 million. The net 7.2 million increase of non-cash items primarily consisted of a 4.5 million gain from the change in fair value of convertible notes, 2.2 million loss from the fair value at inception adjustment on the convertible notes, a 1.1 million gain from the change in the fair value of warrants, 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 offset by the increase in 0.4 million in accrued interest on the AgeX-Serina Note and 0.2 million increase in other non-cash items that were individually insignificant. The increase of 0.3 million cash from changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily consisted of 0.5 million increase in accounts payable, offset by 0.1 million decreases in both accrued expenses and operating leases liabilities. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was immaterial and entirely related to purchases of office and laboratory equipment. 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 0.4 million related to the purchases of capital equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 8.2 million is primarily attributable to 5.0 million of proceeds received from the exercise of 377,865 Post-Merger Warrants by Juvenescence, 2.9 million drawn under the loan facilities from Juvenescence, 0.3 million cash and restricted cash acquired in connection with the Merger and 0.1 million from the exercise of stock options. These changes were offset to some extent by 0.1 million repayment of principal on loan facilities to Juvenescence. See Note 5, Related Party Transactions, to our condensed consolidated interim financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information about our loan agreements with Juvenescence. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 10.1 million was primarily attributable to the net proceeds from the issuance of 0.1 million of Serina Convertible Notes and 10.0 million from the AgeX-Serina Note. See Note 5, Related Party Transactions, to our condensed consolidated interim financial statements included in this Report for additional information. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Under SEC rules and regulations, as a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 It is management s responsibility to establish and maintain adequate internal control over all financial reporting pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Following this review and evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024, due to material weaknesses described below. 
 In light of the conclusion that our disclosure controls and procedures are considered ineffective as of September 30, 2024, we have applied procedures and processes as necessary to ensure the reliability of our financial reporting in regard to this quarterly report. Accordingly, the Company believes, based on its knowledge, that: (i) this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; and (ii) the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented in this quarterly report. 
 Material Weaknesses 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 In the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures discussed above, we identified material weaknesses due to a lack of internal controls at the Company. Specifically, management has determined the following: 
 a lack of sufficient in-house qualified accounting staff; 
 a lack of validation of completeness and accuracy of internally prepared data, including key reports generated from systems, utilized in the operations of controls; 
 inadequate controls and segregation of duties due to limited resources and number of employees; 
 substantial reliance on manual reporting processes and spreadsheets external to the accounting system for financial reporting leading to delays in the Company s closing process; and 
 a lack of experience in monitoring and administering the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 To mitigate the items identified in the assessment, we rely heavily on direct management oversight of transactions, along with the use of legal and accounting professionals/consultants. 
 Remediation Plan 
 The Company began implementation of remedial measures to address the material weaknesses, which primarily stem from the Company s small workforce and limited resources prior to the Merger. Following the Merger, the accounting and financial operations personnel and resources from AgeX started to monitor and administer Legacy Serina s internal controls over financial reporting and development. During June 2024, Company also engaged financial operations consultants to evaluate and implement internal controls. In July 2024, one of these consultants was appointed as the Controller for the Company. 
 The material weaknesses will not be remediated until our remediation plan has been fully developed and implemented, the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and we have concluded, through testing by management and by our independent accountants, that the newly implemented and enhanced controls are operating effectively. We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 Other than as described above, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitation on the Effectiveness Over Financial Reporting 
 The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurances. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business, but there can be no assurance such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We may from time to time be a party to litigation and subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. In the future, we may become a party to an increasing number of litigation matters and claims, including in connection with Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. The outcome of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and the resolution of these matters could materially affect our future results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects are subject to various risks, including those described under Risk Factors in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2024 (the Form 8-K ), which we encourage you to review. There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in the Form 8-K, except as follows: 
 We need additional financing to execute our operating plan and continue to operate as a going concern. 
 As required under Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (ASC 205-40), we have the responsibility to evaluate whether conditions and/or events raise substantial doubt about our ability to meet our future financial obligations as they become due within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. Based on our most recent projected cash flows, we believe that our cash and cash equivalents, even with the amount of credit remaining available under our loan agreements with Juvenescence would not be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated operating and other funding requirements for the next twelve months from the date of filing of this Report. Additionally, there is a risk we may not receive the remaining 10 million of additional funds expected from Juvenescence through the exercise of the Post-Merger Warrants pursuant to the terms of the Side Letter. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern and the report of our independent registered public accountants accompanying our audited consolidated financial statements in this Report contains a qualification to such effect. 
 We have incurred operating losses and negative cash flows since inception and had an accumulated deficit of 21.8 million as of September 30, 2024. We expect to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows. Because we will continue to experience net operating losses, our ability to continue as a going concern is subject to our ability to obtain necessary capital from outside sources, including obtaining additional capital from the sale of our common stock or other equity securities or assets, obtaining additional loans from financial institutions or investors, and entering into collaborative research and development arrangements or licensing some or all of our patents and know-how to third parties while retaining a royalty and other contingent payment rights related to the development and commercialization of products covered by the licenses. Our continued net operating losses, the amount of our debt obligations to Juvenescence and the provisions of our indebtedness agreements with them, including restrictions on the use of loan funds and the security interest they hold in our assets, the risks associated with the development of our product candidates and technologies, and our deferral of in-house development of our product candidates and technologies in connection with our reductions in staffing and the closing of our research laboratory facilities, will increase the difficulty in obtaining such capital, and there can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain such capital on favorable terms or at all. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development activities, or ultimately not be able to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Previously reported. 
 
 Item 3. Default Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Item 5. Other Information 
 Certain Trading Arrangements 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the directors or officers of the Company, nor the Company itself, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of SEC Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Incorporation By Reference Exhibit Number Description of Document Form SEC 
 File No. 
 Exhibit Filing Date 10.1 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2024, by and among Serina Therapeutics, Inc., Serina Therapeutics (AL), Inc. and Steve Ledger 
 8-K 001-38519 
 10.1 9/12/2024 10.2 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2024, by and between Serina Therapeutics, Inc. and Srini Tenjarla 
 5 10.3 Confidential Consulting Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2024, by and between Serina Therapeutics, Inc. and FLG Partners, LLC 
 5 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 
 32 Section 1350 Certification 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission on request. 
 # Schedules and exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request 
 Management contract or compensatory plan. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC. Date: November 12, 2024 
 /s/ Steve Ledger Steve Ledger Chief Executive Officer Date: November 12, 2024 
 /s/ Gregory S. Curhan 
 Gregory S. Curhan Chief Financial Officer 
 47 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 serinaq3ex102xemploymentag.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 Srini Tenjarla 

This Executive Employment Agreement Agreement is made and entered into effective as of the 15th day of July, 2024 (the Effective Date ), by and between Serina Therapeutics, Inc., an Alabama corporation (the Company ), and Srini Tenjarla (the Executive ). Each of the Company and the Executive sometimes may be referred to herein as a Party , and they sometimes collectively may be referred to herein as the Parties . 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire for the Executive to provide services to the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein, including without limitation, those services as requested by the Chief Development Officer of the Company and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Executive desires to become employed by the Company as its Senior Vice President, CMC & Formulation on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of all of the covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows 
 
 1. Term and Termination . 
 
 1.1 Term . Effective on the Effective Date and prior to executing this Agreement, the Company employs the Executive as the Senior Vice President, CMC & Formulation, and the Executive hereby accepts such employment, as an at-will employee, to perform certain duties for the Company on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated by either Party as forth herein (the Term ). 
 
 1.2 Termination . The Parties expressly acknowledge that this is an agreement for employment at-will, and that the Company or the Executive may terminate this Agreement and the Executive s employment with the Company, at any time, with or without cause, for any reason whatsoever or for no reason, and with or without prior notice. 
 
 1.3 Effect of Termination . Upon any termination of the Executive s employment with the Company, irrespective of the reason for such termination, the Executive will be entitled to receive all compensation earned through the date of such termination pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement through the date of such termination, but the Executive would not be entitled to any other payments or continued benefits from the Company under this Agreement except as provided in Section 3.7 . 
 
 2. Duties . During the Term, the Executive will be responsible for implementing and overseeing the chemistry, manufacturing, and controls and formulation activities across Serina s current and future pipeline assets and further will have the responsibilities, duties, functions, and authorities set forth in the job description attached hereto as Exhibit A . During the Term, the Executive shall devote his time, skill, attention, and best efforts to the business and affairs of the Company to the extent reasonably necessary to discharge fully, faithfully, and efficiently the duties and responsibilities delegated and assigned to the Executive (vacations and reasonable absences due to illness excepted, in accordance with applicable Company policy). The Executive shall perform such duties in the Company s Huntsville, Alabama office, and the Executive agrees to relocate and move to the Huntsville area. The duties, titles, and supervisors of the Executive may be changed from time to time by the Company in its reasonable discretion. The Executive understands that he will be subject to all of the Company s policies and work rules as outlined in his offer letter of June 13, 2024, including, but not limited to, the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Company s Insider Trading Policy. 
 3. Compensation . 
 
 3.1 Salary . Throughout the Term, as compensation for the services provided by the Executive to the Company, the Company will pay the Executive a salary, which may be adjusted at the reasonable discretion of the Company. At the start of the Term, Executive s salary will be 375,000, payable 

on a semi-monthly basis and subject to customary deductions and withholdings as required by law. The Executive will be eligible to receive an annual cost-of-living pay adjustment in this base salary after the completion of one full year of employment. 
 
 3.2 Signing Bonus . The Executive will receive a 25,000 signing bonus once on the payroll and after executing the required hiring documents. This signing bonus is subject to a pro-rata clawback for one year, meaning that, if employment is terminated by either Party for any reason, a proportional amount of the signing bonus for that year must be paid back to the Company. 
 
 3.3 Performance Bonus . The Executive will be eligible to receive a discretionary performance bonus at the end of each calendar year based upon a bonus target of 50 percent of his annual salary. 
 
 3.4 Relocation . The Company will provide a temporary monthly housing allowance for 9 months or until the Executive moves into permanent housing in Huntsville. The Company also will provide an executive relocation service for the movement of household goods, automobiles, and recreational vehicles to Huntsville. 
 
 3.5 Expenses . The Executive shall be reimbursed (in accordance with applicable Company policy) for all reimbursable travel and business expenses incurred by the Executive in the performance of his duties under this Agreement. 
 
 3.6 Equity . The Executive will be eligible to receive nonqualified stock options in the amount of 185,000 options which will be described and governed in all respects by a separate stock option agreement. 
 
 3.7 Severance Pay . If the Executive s employment is terminated for no cause by the Company, the Executive will receive 6 months of base salary with a pro-rated bonus (minimum of one-half of the full annual bonus). If Executive s employment is terminated for cause by the Company or by the Executive voluntarily, the Executive will not be entitled to any severance payment. For purposes of this Section 3.7 , cause shall mean (a) the Executive's failure to perform Executive's duties, (b) the Executive's failure to comply with any valid and legal directive of the Company, (c) the Executive's engagement in dishonesty, illegal conduct, or misconduct which is, in each case, injurious to the Company or its affiliates, (d) the Executive's embezzlement, misappropriation, or fraud, whether or not related to the Executive's employment with the Company, (e) the Executive's conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or a crime that constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, (f) the Executive's violation of the Company's written policies or codes of conduct, including written policies related to discrimination, harassment, performance of illegal or unethical activities, and ethical misconduct, (g) the Executive's willful unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information or violation of his restrictive covenants (as defined in Section 7 below), (h) the Executive's material breach of any material obligation under this Agreement or any other written agreement between the Executive and the Company, or (i) the Executive's engagement in conduct that brings or is reasonably likely to bring the Company negative publicity or into public disgrace, embarrassment, or disrepute. 
 
 4. Benefits . The Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices, and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans ), on a basis which is no less favorable than is provided to other similarly situated executives of the Company and to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate any Employee Benefit Plan at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and applicable law. During each calendar year the Executive shall be entitled to one paid health-related absence per month of employment during such calendar year, beginning on the Effective Date, but without carryover from calendar year to calendar year. The Executive shall be entitled to 20 days of paid vacation per year beginning with the first day of employment, and he shall accrue one additional day of paid vacation for each year of employment for up to 15 additional days for a total of 35 accrued days. Vacation days must be taken at a time and at intervals mutually convenient to the Company and the Executive. The Executive shall be required to provide notice to the Company at least seven calendar days prior to taking any vacation. 

5. Consideration . The Executive acknowledges that the at-will employment and compensation provided pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement are sufficient and valuable consideration for this Agreement, including the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 7 of this Agreement. 
 
 6. Third-party Agreements . The Executive hereby confirms that the Executive is not bound by any agreement with any previous employer or other party that in any way limits, restricts, or would prevent the employment of the Executive by the Company under this Agreement or the full and complete performance by Executive of all his duties and obligations hereunder. The execution of this Agreement by the Executive and the employment of the Executive by the Company under this Agreement will not result in or constitute a breach of any term or condition of any other agreement, instrument, arrangement, or understanding between the Executive and any third party, or constitute (or, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute) a default, breach, or violation of any such agreement, instrument, arrangement, or understanding, or accelerate the maturity of any duty or obligation of the Executive thereunder. In the Executive s work for the Company, the Executive will not disclose or make use of any information in violation of any agreements with or rights of any such previous employer or other party, and the Executive will not bring to the premises of the Company any copies or other tangible embodiments of non-public information belonging to or obtained from any such previous employment or other party. 
 
 7. Restrictive Covenants . 
 
 7.1 Confidentiality . In connection with the Executive s job duties, the Company will provide the Executive with Confidential Information relating to the performance of the Executive s duties and the operations of the Company and its affiliates. The Executive may receive significant amounts of Confidential Information relating to all areas of the Company s business, and relating to its affiliates, in the course of performing his duties. For the purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information means, without limitation, all non-public business information of the Company, whether or not marked confidential, that constitutes trade secrets or confidential information as construed by applicable law or information that is not already available to the public, all of which the parties hereto agree constitutes trade secrets under the Uniform Trade Secrets Act, the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 of the United States, Directive (EU) 2016 943 of the European Union, and all amendments, successor provisions, and replacements thereto, including, but not limited to, all information relating directly or indirectly to the Company s business, prospect lists, referral sources, customer lists, and customer information, information concerning services and supplies, marketing programs, computer program and systems, business and supplier contracts, techniques and systems, processes, methods, technologies, business information, financial data, financial plans, products, equipment, sales information, costs data, personnel, product tests, pricing policies, distributorship arrangements, business plans, business strategies, projections, research, employee data, programs, databases, software, financing sources, business models, devices, know-how, and information regarding any acquisition or joint venture arrangements or other enterprises with whom Company has business relationships. The Executive acknowledges that all Confidential Information is a valuable, special, and unique asset of the Company, access to and knowledge of which is essential to the performance of the Executive s duties hereunder. During the Term and thereafter without limitation of time, the Executive shall hold in strict confidence and shall not, directly or indirectly, disclose or reveal to any person, or use for the Executive s own personal benefit or for the benefit of anyone else, any Confidential Information, except (i) with the prior written consent of the Company, (ii) in the course of the proper performance of the Executive s duties hereunder or (iii) as required by applicable law or legal process. Upon voluntary or involuntary termination of the Executive's employment or the Company's request at any time during the Executive's employment, the Executive shall provide or return to the Company any and all Company property including computers, devices, access cards, and all data in any form whatsoever. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit the Executive from participating, testifying, or assisting in any investigation, hearing, or other proceeding before any federal, state, or local government agency or pursuant to a lawfully issued subpoena, nor does anything herein preclude or otherwise limit the Executive s rights and abilities to report matters to, or otherwise participate in, any whistleblower program administered by any such agencies. Executive acknowledges that under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, 18 U.S.C. 1836(B), an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. An individual 

shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret except pursuant to court order. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 7 does not prohibit or restrict the Executive (or the Executive s attorney) from responding to any inquiry about this Agreement or its underlying facts and circumstances by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or any other self-regulatory organization or governmental authority, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation. The Executive understands and acknowledges that the Executive does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures and that the Executive is not required to notify the Company that the Executive has made such reports or disclosures. 
 
 7.2 Noncompetition . The Executive agrees that, during his employment and for a period of two years after the Executive s employment concludes, the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, whether as director, officer, consultant, principal, employee, agent, or otherwise, engage in or contribute the Executive's knowledge and abilities to any business or entity in competition with the Company s Business in the Company s Market Area. For the purposes of this Agreement, Business is defined as creating, discovering, developing, licensing, selling, manufacturing, utilizing, and otherwise working with (a) the Company s polyoxazoline POZ technology, which includes the synthesis, derivatization, characterization and modification of the raw materials and intermediates of POZ, (b) the attachment and formulation of POZ and POZ derivatives with other materials, including, but not limited to, proteins, peptides, oligonucleotides, biomolecules, small molecules, therapeutic agents, diagnostic agents, imaging agents, implanted devices and equipment, and (c) all methods of making and using each and all of the foregoing. For purposes of this Agreement, Market Area is defined as all jurisdictions of the United States and its territories, all countries that touch upon the United States and its territories, all countries in Central America, South America, North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, Antarctica, and all other countries and jurisdictions of the World. 
 
 7.3 Nonsolicitation . The Executive agrees that, during his employment and for a period of 18 months after the Executive s employment concludes, the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, attempt in any manner to solicit business from any client or customer or persuade any client or customer of the Company to cease doing business or reduce the amount of business that such client or customer has customarily done with the Company. 
 
 7.4 No Poach . The Executive agrees that, during his employment and for a period of 18 months after the Executive s employment concludes, the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, employ or attempt to employ or assist anyone in employing any person who is an employee of the Company or was an employee of the Company during the two-year period prior to the conclusion of Executive s employment. 
 
 7.5 Enforcement . The provisions of this Section 7 shall continue notwithstanding termination of the Executive s employment for any reason. The Executive agrees that the restrictions and obligations in this Section 7 are reasonable and necessary to protect the goodwill of the Company. If any of the covenants set forth therein are deemed to be invalid or unenforceable based upon the duration or otherwise, the Parties agree that such provisions shall be modified to make them enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Executive of the provisions set forth in this section, the Executive acknowledges that the Company will be irreparably harmed and that monetary damages shall be an insufficient remedy to the Company. Therefore, the Executive consents to enforcement of this paragraph by means of temporary or permanent injunction and other appropriate equitable relief without the posting of bond or security, in any competent court, in addition to any other remedies the Company may have under this Agreement or otherwise. The Executive understands and agrees that, for any period these Section 7 restrictive covenants are violated, the period of restriction shall be tolled and extended by the length of the violation. 

8. Inventions and Patents . The Executive and the Company shall enter into that certain Nondisclosure, Noncompetition, Nonsolicitation, and IP Assignment Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B , and incorporated herein by reference. If there is a conflict between the Nondisclosure, Noncompetition, Nonsolicitation, and IP Assignment Agreement and this Agreement, the provision which provides the Company with the most protection shall govern. 
 
 9. Indemnification of Executive by Company . The Executive and the Company shall enter into that certain indemnification agreement attached hereto as Exhibit C , and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10. Compliance with Section 409A . For purposes of this Agreement, the term termination of employment and similar terms relating to the Executive s termination of employment mean a separation from service as that term is defined under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the final regulations issued thereunder Section 409A ). The Parties intend that this Agreement comply in form and operation with the requirements of Section 409A, and this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. To the extent permitted by applicable Department of Treasury Internal Revenue Service guidance, or law or regulation, the Parties will take reasonable actions to reform this Agreement or any actions taken pursuant to their operation of this Agreement in order to comply with Section 409A. All reimbursements under this Agreement shall be made on or prior to the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which the expenses being reimbursed were incurred by Executive, any right to reimbursement or in kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and no such reimbursement, expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided in any taxable year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in no event shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest, or penalty imposed upon or other detriment suffered by the Executive under Section 409A or for any damages suffered by the Executive for any failure of any provision of this Agreement to be exempt from or to comply with Section 409A. 
 
 11. Governing Law Exclusive Forum No Jury . This Agreement and the legal relations among the Parties shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Alabama without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company and the Executive hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
 (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Circuit Courts of Madison County, Alabama or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama sitting in Huntsville, Alabama (the Alabama Courts ), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Alabama Courts for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Alabama Courts, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Alabama Courts has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. Each party agrees that service of process upon such party in any such claim, action, or proceeding shall be effective if notice is given in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM, ACTION, OR PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY (i) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT, OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING AGREEMENTS, CONSENTS, AND WAIVERS AND (ii) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL AGREEMENTS, CONSENTS, AND WAIVERS IN THIS SECTION 10. 
 
 12. Entire Agreement Amendment . This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties, and supersedes any and all other prior and or contemporaneous understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, all of which are merged herein. Each Party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by either Party, or anyone acting on behalf of either Party, which are not embodied herein, and that no other agreement, statement, or promise not contained in 

this Agreement shall be valid or enforceable. This Agreement may not be modified or amended in any way unless by a written instrument signed by both the Company and the Executive. 
 
 13. Assignment . The rights and benefits of the Company under this Agreement shall be transferable, and all the covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by or against, its successors and assigns. The duties and obligations of the Executive under this Agreement are personal, and therefore the Executive may not assign or delegate any right or duty under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 
 14. Notices . All notices, requests, demands, and other communications provided in connection with this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given at the time when hand delivered, delivered by express courier, or sent by facsimile (with receipt confirmed by the sender s transmitting device) in accordance with the contact information provided on the signature page hereto or such other contact information as the Parties may have duly provided by notice. 
 
 15. Benefits Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be for the benefit of and binding upon the Parties hereto and their respective heirs, personal representative, legal representatives, succors and, where applicable, assigns, including, without limitation, any successor to the Company provided, however that the Executive shall not delegate his employment obligations hereunder, or any portion thereof, to any other person. 
 
 16. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and the Parties will attempt to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor, and, upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement. 
 
 17. Opportunity for Legal Counsel . The Executive acknowledges that he has had full opportunity to review this Agreement and has had access to independent legal counsel of the Executive s choice to the extent deemed necessary to interpret the legal effect hereof. 
 
 18. Section Headings Construction . The section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the Parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any Party. 
 
 19. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same the same instrument. Counterparts may be executed manually or electronically e.g. , using DocuSign, SimplyAgree, or similar electronic signature technologies) by electronic transmission methods and shall be deemed an original for all purposes, and a signature to this Agreement that is delivered personally, by mail, express delivery, facsimile, electronic transmission, or otherwise shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered for all purposes. 

Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Executive Agreement to be duly executed and signed as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 EXECUTIVE 
 By s Srini Tenjarla 
 Srini Tenjarla 
 
 Contact Information 

SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC . 
 
 By 
 Steven Ledger 
 As its Interim Chief Executive Officer 

Contact Information 
 601 Genome Way 
 Suite 2001 
 Huntsville, AL 35806 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Executive Agreement to be duly executed and signed as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 EXECUTIVE 

Srini Tenjarla 

Contact Information 

SERINA THERAPEUTICS, INC . 
 
 By s Steven Ledger 
 Steven Ledger 
 As its Interim Chief Executive Officer 

Contact Information 
 601 Genome Way 
 Suite 2001 
 Huntsville, AL 35806 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 serinaq3ex103xflgconsultin.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

CONFIDENTIAL CONSULTING AGREEMENT 

This Confidential Consulting Agreement (the Agreement is executed as of the date shown on the signature page (the Effective Date ), by and between FLG Partners, LLC, a California limited liability company FLG ), and the entity identified on the signature page Client ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS , FLG is in the business of providing certain financial services 
 WHEREAS , Client wishes to retain FLG to provide and FLG wishes to provide such services to Client on the terms set forth herein 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 

1. Services. 
 A. Commencing on the Effective Date, FLG will perform those services (the Services described in one or more exhibits attached hereto. Such services shall be performed by the member or members of FLG identified in Exhibit A (collectively, the FLG Member ). 
 B. Client acknowledges and agrees that FLG s success in performing the Services hereunder will depend upon the participation, cooperation and support of Client s most senior management. 
 C. Notwithstanding anything in Exhibit A or elsewhere in this Agreement to the contrary, neither FLG nor any of its members shall serve as an employee, an appointed officer, or an elected director of Client. Consistent with the preceding (i) Client shall not appoint FLG Member as a corporate officer in Client s corporate minutes (ii) Client shall not elect FLG Member to its board of directors or equivalent governing body and (iii) the FLG Member shall have no authority to sign any documents on behalf of Client, including, but not limited to, federal or state securities filings, tax filings, or representations and warranties on behalf of Client except as pursuant to a specific resolution(s) of Client s board of directors or equivalent governing body granting such authority to FLG Member as a non-employee consultant to Client. 
 D. The Services provided by FLG and FLG Member hereunder shall not constitute an audit, attestation, review, compilation, or any other type of financial statement reporting engagement (historical or prospective) that is subject to the rules of the California Board of Accountancy, the AICPA, or other similar state or national licensing or professional bodies. Client agrees that any such services, if required, will be performed separately by its independent public accountants or other qualified consultants. 
 E. During the term of this Agreement, Client shall not hire or retain the FLG Member as an employee, consultant or independent contractor except pursuant to this Agreement. 
 2. Compensation Payment Deposit Expenses. 
 A. As compensation for Services rendered by FLG hereunder, Client shall pay FLG the amounts set forth in Exhibit A for Services performed by FLG hereunder (the Fees ). The Fees shall be net of any and all taxes, withholdings, duties, customs, bank fees, social contributions or other reductions imposed by any and all authorities which are required to be withheld or collected by Client or FLG, including ad valorem, sales, gross 

receipts or similar taxes, but excluding US income taxes based upon FLG s or FLG Member s net taxable income. 
 B. Consistent with common practice in professional services, FLG reserves the right to increase the Fee set forth in Exhibit A no more frequently than annual anniversary of the Effective Date, and no sooner than at least six (6) months from the Effective Date. Notice of any such increase will be made no less than thirty (30) days in advance of such of Fee increase. The only exception is in the event the FLG Member and Client have mutually agreed, in writing, to an increase in fees prior to the dates noted herein. 
 C. As additional compensation to the FLG Member listed on Exhibit A, Client will grant the FLG Member options set forth in Exhibit A in accordance with the terms of Exhibit A. 
 D. Client shall pay FLG all amounts owed to FLG under this Agreement upon Client s receipt of invoice, with no purchase order required. Any invoices more than thirty (30) days overdue will accrue a late payment fee at the rate of one and 50 100 percent (1.5 per month. FLG shall be entitled to recover all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees) incurred by it in collecting any amounts overdue under this Agreement. 
 E. Client acknowledges that it shall promptly review all invoices submitted by FLG upon receipt. Any dispute related to the accuracy, completeness, or any other aspect of an invoice must be submitted in writing to FLG within fourteen (14) days of receipt of the invoice. Failure to raise a dispute within this timeframe shall be deemed an irrevocable acceptance of the invoice. Notwithstanding the above, in the event of a manifest error or a discrepancy acknowledged by FLG, the parties may mutually agree to extend the dispute resolution period. 
 F. Client hereby agrees to pay FLG a deposit as set forth on Exhibit A (the Deposit to be held in its entirety as security for Client s future payment obligations to FLG under this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, all amounts then owing to FLG under this Agreement shall be charged against the Deposit and the balance thereof, if any, shall be refunded to Client. In the event that the total amount of past due unpaid invoices exceeds the amount of the Deposit held by FLG, FLG reserves the right to stop providing services until such time as the outstanding balance is paid in full. FLG shall not be liable for any consequential damages, losses, or claims arising from a work stoppage initiated in accordance with this provision. If outstanding invoices remain unpaid for an extended period, FLG reserves the right to 

Initial Client _ s SL____ FLG _ s UHO____ Page 1 of #NUM_PAGES# 

CONFIDENTIAL CONSULTING AGREEMENT 

 terminate the agreement for default, in accordance with the termination provisions outlined in Paragraph 4(C) of this Agreement. 
 G. Within ten (10) days of Client s receipt of an expense report from FLG s personnel performing Services hereunder, Client shall immediately reimburse FLG personnel directly for reasonable travel and out-of-pocket business expenses detailed in such expense report. Any required air travel, overnight accommodation and resulting per diem expenses shall be consistent with Client s travel & expense policies for Client s employed executive staff. 
 3. Relationship of the Parties. 
 A. FLG s relationship with Client will be that of an independent contractor and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, or employer-employee relationship. FLG is not the agent of Client and is not authorized to make any presentation, contract, or commitment on behalf of Client unless specifically requested or authorized to do so by Client in writing. FLG agrees that all taxes payable as a result of compensation payable to FLG hereunder shall be FLG s sole liability. FLG shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Client, Client s officers, directors, employees and agents, and the administrators of Client s benefit plans from and against any claims, liabilities or expenses relating to such taxes or compensation. 
 4. Term and Termination. 
 A. The term of this Agreement shall be for the period set forth in Exhibit A. 
 B. Either party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) calendar days advance written notice to the other party. 
 C. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon a material breach of this Agreement by the other party and a failure by the other party to cure such breach within ten (10) days of written notice thereof by the non-breaching party to the breaching party. 
 D. FLG shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately without advance written notice (i) if Client is engaged in, or requests that FLG or the FLG Member undertake or ignore any illegal or unethical activity, or (ii) upon the death or disability of the FLG Member. 
 E. This Agreement shall be deemed terminated if during any six month period no billable hours occur, with the termination date effective on the date of the last billable hour therein. 
 F. If at any time during this engagement there is a conversion of the FLG Member from 1099 to W2 with Client, then a placement fee shall be immediately payable to FLG. In addition, to the extent within one year of the end of this engagement Client directly hires, employs or retains the FLG Member or any FLG Member either via 1099 or W2, then Client will also immediately pay to FLG a placement fee. The Placement fee paid by Client to FLG will be equal to thirty percent (30 of FLG Member s annual base salary including bonus that is agreed to by Client and the FLG Member. Client will not withhold any taxes from any placement fee paid to FLG. 

5. Disclosures 
 A. IRS Circular 230. To ensure compliance with requirements imposed by the IRS effective June 20, 2005, FLG hereby informs Client that any tax advice offered during the course of providing, or arising out of, the Services rendered pursuant to this Agreement, unless expressly stated otherwise, is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding tax-related penalties under the Internal Revenue Code, or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any tax-related matter(s) said tax advice address(es). 
 B. Attorney-Client Privilege. Privileged communication disclosed to FLG or FLG Member may waive the privilege through no fault of FLG. FLG strongly recommends that Client consult with legal counsel before disclosing privileged information to FLG or FLG Member. Pursuant to Paragraph 6, neither FLG nor FLG Member will be responsible for damages caused through Client s waiver of privilege, whether deliberate or inadvertent, by disclosing such information to FLG or FLG Member. 
 6. DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 
 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, ALL SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY FLG AND FLG MEMBER (FOR PURPOSES OF THIS PARAGRAPH 6, COLLECTIVELY FLG HEREUNDER ARE PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. CLIENT RECOGNIZES THAT THE AS IS CLAUSE OF THIS AGREEMENT IS AN IMPORTANT PART OF THE BASIS OF THIS AGREEMENT, WITHOUT WHICH FLG WOULD NOT HAVE AGREED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. FLG EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, TERMS OR CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, REGARDING THE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND INFRINGEMENT. NO REPRESENTATION OR OTHER AFFIRMATION OF FACT REGARDING THE SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER SHALL BE DEEMED A WARRANTY FOR ANY PURPOSE OR GIVE RISE TO ANY LIABILITY OF FLG WHATSOEVER. 
 IN NO EVENT SHALL FLG BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS REVENUE OR SAVINGS WAIVER BY CLIENT, WHETHER INADVERTENT OR INTENTIONAL, OF CLIENT S ATTORNEY-CLIENT PRIVILEGE THROUGH CLIENT S DISCLOSURE OF LEGALLY PRIVILEGED INFORMATION TO FLG OR THE LOSS, THEFT, TRANSMISSION OR USE, AUTHORIZED OR OTHERWISE, OF ANY DATA, EVEN IF CLIENT OR FLG HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF, KNEW, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN, OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, FLG S AGGREGATE CUMULATIVE LIABILITY HEREUNDER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, MISREPRESENTATION, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE LAST TWO (2) MONTHS OF FEES PAYABLE BY CLIENT UNDER PARAGRAPH 2(A) OF 

Initial Client _ s SL____ FLG _ s UHO____ Page 2 of #NUM_PAGES# 

CONFIDENTIAL CONSULTING AGREEMENT 

 THIS AGREEMENT. CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE COMPENSATION PAID BY IT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT REFLECTS THE ALLOCATION OF RISK SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT FLG WOULD NOT ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS ON ITS LIABILITY. THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL NOT APPLY TO EITHER PARTY WITH RESPECT TO A BREACH OF ITS CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS. 
 A. As a condition for recovery of any amount by Client against FLG, Client shall give FLG written notice of the alleged basis for liability within ninety (90) days of discovering the circumstances giving rise thereto, in order that FLG will have the opportunity to investigate in a timely manner and, where possible, correct or rectify the alleged basis for liability provided that the failure of Client to give such notice will only affect the rights of Client to the extent that FLG is actually prejudiced by such failure. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Client must assert any claim against FLG by the sooner of (i) ninety (90) days after discovery (ii) ninety (90) days after the termination of this Agreement (iii) ninety (90) days after the last date on which the Services were performed or, (iv) sixty (60) days after completion of a financial or accounting audit for the period(s) to which a claim pertains. 
 7. Indemnification. 
 A. FLG and FLG Member acting in relation to any of the affairs of Client shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, as now or hereafter in effect, be indemnified and held harmless, and such right to indemnification shall continue to apply to FLG and FLG Member following the term of this Agreement out of the assets and profits of the Client from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses which FLG or FLG Member, or FLG s or FLG Member s heirs, executors or administrators, shall or may incur or sustain by or by reason for any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of FLG s or FLG Member s duty or services performed on behalf of Client and Client shall advance the reasonable attorney s fees, costs and expenses incurred by FLG or FLG s Member in connection with litigation related to the foregoing on the same basis as such advancement would be available to the Client s officers and directors, PROVIDED THAT Client shall not be obligated to make payments to or on behalf of any person (i) in connection with services provided by such person outside the scope of Services contemplated by this Agreement, and not authorized or consented to by Client s CEO or Board of Directors, or (ii) in respect of any (a) gross negligence or willful misconduct of such person, or (b) negligence of such person, but only to the extent that FLG s errors and omissions liability insurance would cover such person for such negligence without regard to Client s obligation to indemnify FLG hereunder. 
 B. FLG and FLG Member shall have no liability to Client relating to the performance of its duties under this Agreement except in the event of FLG s or FLG Member s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 C. FLG and FLG Member agree to waive any claim or right of action FLG or FLG Member might have whether individually or by or in the right of Client, against any director, secretary and other officers of Client and the liquidator or trustees (if any) acting in relation to any of the affairs of Client and every one of them on account of any action taken by such director, officer, 

liquidator or trustee or the failure of such director, officer, liquidator or trustee to take any action in the performance of his duties with or for Client PROVIDED THAT such waiver shall not extend to any matter in respect of any gross negligence or willful misconduct which may attach to any such persons. 
 8. Representations and Warranties. 
 A. Each party represents and warrants to the other that it is authorized to enter into this Agreement and can fulfill all of its obligations hereunder. 
 B. FLG and FLG Member warrant that they shall perform the Services diligently, with due care, and in accordance with prevailing industry standards for comparable engagements and the requirements of this Agreement. FLG and FLG Member warrant that FLG Member has sufficient professional experience to perform the Services in a timely and competent manner. 
 C. Each party represents and warrants that it has and will maintain a policy or policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies providing the members, officers and directors, as the case may be, of itself with coverage for losses from wrongful acts. FLG covenants that it has an error and omissions insurance policy in place in the form provided to Client prior to or contemporaneously with the date of execution of this Agreement and will continue to maintain such policy or equivalent policy provided that such policy or equivalent policy shall be available at commercially reasonable rates. 
 9. Work Product License . 
 The parties do not anticipate that FLG or FLG Member will create any intellectual property for Client in performing the Services pursuant to this Agreement. However, FLG and FLG Member grant to Client a world-wide, perpetual, exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable license to use and create derivative works from all tangible and electronic documents, spreadsheets, and financial models (collectively, Work Product produced or authored by FLG Member in the course of performing the Services pursuant to this Agreement. Any patent rights arising out of the Services will be assigned to and owned by Client and not FLG or FLG Member. All other rights, including, but not limited to, the residual memory of any methods, discoveries, developments, improvements, know-how, ideas, insights, analytical concepts and skills directly inherent to, or reasonably required for, the competent execution of FLG Member s profession as a chief financial officer are reserved in their entirety by FLG and FLG Member. 
 10. Miscellaneous. 
 A. Any notice required or permitted to be given by either party hereto under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be personally delivered or sent by a reputable courier mail service (e.g., Federal Express) or by facsimile or email transmission confirmed by reputable courier mail service, to the other party as set forth in this Paragraph 10(A). Notices will be deemed effective two (2) days after deposit with a reputable courier service or upon confirmation of receipt by the recipient from such courier service or the same day if sent by facsimile or email transmission and confirmed as set forth above. 
 If to FLG 
 U. Heather Ogan 
 FLG Partners, LLC 
 228 Hamilton Ave., 3rd Floor, 

Initial Client _ s SL____ FLG _ s UHO____ Page 3 of #NUM_PAGES# 

CONFIDENTIAL CONSULTING AGREEMENT 

 Palo Alto, CA 94301 
 PO BOX 192304 
 San Francisco, CA 94119 
 Tel 415-508-4048, ext 201 
 Fax 415-508-6896 
 E-mail accounting flgpartners.com 
 If to Client the address, telephone numbers and email address shown below Client s signature on the signature page. 
 B. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of California without giving effect to any choice of law principles that would require the application of the laws of a different jurisdiction. 
 C. Any claim, dispute, or controversy of whatever nature arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including any other agreement(s) contemplated hereunder), including, without limitation, any action or claim based on tort, contract, or statute (including any claims of breach or violation of statutory or common law protections from discrimination, harassment and hostile working environment), or concerning the interpretation, effect, termination, validity, performance and or breach of this Agreement Claim ), shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration before a single arbitrator Arbitrator selected from and administered by the San Francisco office of JAMS (the Administrator in accordance with its then existing commercial arbitration rules and procedures. The arbitration shall be held in San Francisco, California. The Arbitrator shall, within fifteen (15) calendar days after the conclusion of the Arbitration hearing, issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The Arbitrator also shall be authorized to grant any temporary, preliminary or permanent equitable remedy or relief he or she deems just and equitable and within the scope of this Agreement, including, without limitation, an injunction or order for specific performance. Each party shall bear its own attorneys fees, costs, and disbursements arising out of the arbitration, and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the Administrator and the Arbitrator provided, however, the Arbitrator shall be authorized to determine whether a party is the prevailing party, and if so, to award to that prevailing party reimbursement for its reasonable attorneys fees, costs and disbursements, and or the fees and costs of the Administrator and the Arbitrator. The Arbitrator's award may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Paragraph 10(C) will restrict either party from applying to any court of competent jurisdiction for injunctive relief. 
 D. Neither party may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder, either in whole or in part, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other party provided, however, that FLG may assign its rights and delegate its obligations hereunder to any affiliate of FLG. The rights and liabilities of the parties under this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 E. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof, shall for any reason and to any extent be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement and application of such provision to other persons or circumstances shall be interpreted so as best to reasonably effect the intent of the parties. The parties 

further agree to replace such void or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of the void or unenforceable provision. 
 F. This Agreement, the Exhibits, and any executed Non-Disclosure Agreements specified herein and thus incorporated by reference constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements or understandings, express or implied, written or oral, between the parties with respect hereto. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof. 
 G. Any term or provision of this Agreement may be amended, and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived, only by a writing signed by the parties. The waiver by a party of any breach hereof for default in payment of any amount due hereunder or default in the performance hereof shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of any other default or succeeding breach or default. 
 H. Upon completion of the engagement hereunder FLG may place customary tombstone advertisements using Client s logo and name in publications of FLG s choice at its own expense, and or cite the engagement in similar fashion on FLG s website. 
 I. If Client discloses FLG Member s name on Client s website (such as in an executive biography, for example), press releases, SEC filings and other public documents and media, then Client shall include in the description of FLG Member a sentence substantially the same as FLG Member is also a partner at FLG Partners, a leading CFO services firm in Silicon Valley. 
 J. If and to the extent that a party s performance of any of its obligations pursuant to this Agreement is prevented, hindered or delayed by fire, flood, earthquake, elements of nature or acts of God, acts of war, terrorism, riots, civil disorders, rebellions or revolutions, or any other similar cause beyond the reasonable control of such party (each, a Force Majeure Event ), and such non-performance, hindrance or delay could not have been prevented by reasonable precautions of the non-performing party, then the non-performing, hindered or delayed party shall be excused for such non-performance, hindrance or delay, as applicable, of those obligations affected by the Force Majeure Event for as long as such Force Majeure Event continues and such party continues to use its best efforts to recommence performance whenever and to whatever extent possible without delay, including through the use of alternate sources, workaround plans or other means. 
 K. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the parties on separate counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall constitute an original, but all the counterparts together constitute one and the same instrument. 
 L. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile signatures (including electronic versions of this document in Adobe Acrobat Portable Document Format form which contain scanned or secure, digitally signed signatures) by any party hereto and such signatures shall be deemed binding for all purposes hereof, without delivery of an original signature being thereafter required. 

Initial Client _ s SL____ FLG _ s UHO____ Page 4 of #NUM_PAGES# 

CONFIDENTIAL CONSULTING AGREEMENT 

 M. Survivability. The following Paragraphs shall survive the termination of this Agreement 6 Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability 7 Indemnification 8 Representations and Warranties 9 Work Product License and 10 Miscellaneous ). 

REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK 

Initial Client _ s SL____ FLG _ s UHO____ Page 5 of #NUM_PAGES# 

CONFIDENTIAL CONSULTING AGREEMENT 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
 
 CLIENT 
 Serina Therapeutics (DE), Inc., 
 a Delaware corporation. 
 By Steven Ledger 
 Signed s Steve Ledger 
 Title Interim CEO 
 Address 601 Genome Way, Suite 2001 
 Huntsville, AL 35806 
 
 Tel (415) 505-7721 
 Email sledger serinatherapeutics.com 
 FLG 
 FLG Partners, LLC, 
 a California limited liability company. 
 By U. Heather Ogan 
 Signed s U. Heather Ogan 
 Title Administrative Partner 
 Effective Date May 31, 2024. 

REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK 
 
 Initial Client _ s SL____ FLG _ s UHO____ Page 6 of #NUM_PAGES# 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31>
 4
 ser-20240930xexx31.htm
 EX-31

Document 

Exhibit 31 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Steve Ledger, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Serina Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this periodic report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Steve Ledger Steve Ledger Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit 31 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Gregory S. Curhan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Serina Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this periodic report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Gregory S. Curhan Gregory S. Curhan 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ser-20240930xexx32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Serina Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Steve Ledger, Chief Executive Officer, and Gregory S. Curhan, Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Steve Ledger Steve Ledger Chief Executive Officer s Gregory S. Curhan Gregory S. Curhan Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ser-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ser-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ser-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ser-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ser-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

