<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_917520_0000917520-24-000108.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11046680</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>180035</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1766425</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4053428</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2583986</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2232304</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000917520-24-000108.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241104160939
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000917520-24-000108
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000917520
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				510317849
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26224
		FILM NUMBER:		241423578

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 CAMPUS ROAD
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6092750500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 CAMPUS ROAD
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950614

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000917520-24-000108.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 iart-20240930.htm
 10-Q

iart-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 
 
 ORATION 
 (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER) 
 
 (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION) (I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.) , (ZIP CODE) (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES) 
 Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ) 
 Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 TITLE OF EACH CLASS TRADING SYMBOL NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON WHICH REGISTERED 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company", and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding as of November 1, 2024 was . 
 
 INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 INDEX 
 
 Page Number PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 48 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 49 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 49 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 50 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 50 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 50 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 51 
 SIGNATURES 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total revenue, net Costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold Research and development Selling, general and administrative Intangible asset amortization Total costs and expenses Operating (loss) income ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income, net (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) (Benefit) provision for income taxes ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Net (loss) income per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding (See Note 13): 
 Basic Diluted Comprehensive income (See Note 14) 
 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying unaudited notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Trade accounts receivable, net of allowances of and 
 Inventories, net Prepaid Expenses Other Current Assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Right of use asset - operating leases Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of borrowings under senior credit facility Current portion of lease liability - operating leases Convertible securities Accounts payable, trade Contract liabilities Accrued compensation Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term borrowings under senior credit facility Long-term borrowings under securitization facility Long-term convertible securities Lease liability - operating leases Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Preferred stock; par value; authorized shares; outstanding 
 Common stock; par value; authorized shares; and issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost; shares and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying unaudited notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net (Loss) Income ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash impairment charges Deferred income tax (benefit) provision ) Share-based compensation Amortization of debt issuance costs and expenses associated with debt refinancing Non-cash lease expense ) Loss (gain) on disposal of property and equipment ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration and others ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other non-current assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Contract liabilities Other non-current liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Cash (paid) for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Purchases of short term investments ) Proceeds from maturities of short term investments Net proceeds from swaps designated as net investment hedges Net cash used in investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from borrowings of long-term indebtedness Payments on debt ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Payments for Contingent Consideration ) Proceeds from exercised stock options Cash taxes paid in net equity settlement ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 The accompanying unaudited notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Issuance of common stock through employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock for vesting of share based awards, net of shares withheld for taxes and forfeitures Share-based compensation Accelerated shares repurchased Balance, March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Issuance of common stock for vesting of share based awards, net of shares withheld for taxes and forfeitures ) ) Share-based compensation Accelerated shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Issuance of common stock for vesting of share based awards, net of shares withheld for taxes and forfeitures ) ) ) Share-based compensation Accelerated shares repurchased ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2023 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Issuance of common stock through employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock for vesting of share based awards, net of shares withheld for taxes and forfeitures ) ) Share-based compensation Accelerated shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Balance, March 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Issuance of common stock for vesting of share based awards, net of shares withheld for taxes and forfeitures Share-based compensation Accelerated shares repurchased ) ) Balance, June 30, 2023 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Issuance of common stock for vesting of share based awards, net of shares withheld for taxes and forfeitures Share-based compensation Accelerated shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 The accompanying unaudited notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

1. 
 
 8 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively. Time deposits with original maturities of three months or less and money market funds are valued based on Level 1 measurements in the fair value hierarchy established within FASB Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ). Level 1 inputs represent quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 million at September 30, 2024 compared to million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 2. 
 million in cash, subject to customary adjustments set forth in the purchase agreement related to working capital balances transferred to the Company. In September 2024, the Company finalized the working capital adjustment in the amount of million, which resulted in a reduction to goodwill. This adjustment will be settled during the three months ending , 2024. The addition of Acclarent s ENT product portfolio, including sinus balloon dilation, eustachian tube balloon dilation, and surgical navigation systems technologies, and dedicated salesforce will enhance the Company s position in the ENT specialty device market. 
 Acclarent s results of operations have been reported in the Company s Codman Specialty Surgical reportable segment from the date of acquisition. The Company recorded revenue from Acclarent of approximately million, in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The net income or loss attributable to this acquisition cannot be identified on a stand-alone basis because it is in the process of being integrated into the Company s operations. 
 Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed at Fair Value 
 The Acclarent acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with FASB Topic ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ). This method requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The Company estimated fair values at the date of acquisition for the preliminary allocation of consideration to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company has not completed its analysis regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Therefore, the allocation to intangible assets, goodwill, and income taxes are preliminary and subject to finalization. During the measurement period ending no later than one year after the acquisition date, the Company will continue to obtain information to assist in finalizing the fair values of the net assets acquired, which may differ materially from these preliminary estimates. If any measurement period adjustment is material, the Company will record such adjustment, including any related impact on net income, in the reporting period in which the adjustment is determined. 
 9 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 Trade accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Right of use asset - operating leases Intangible assets, net Completed technology years Trademarks/brand names years All other years Goodwill Deferred tax assets Total assets acquired Current liabilities: Accounts payable, trade Contract liabilities Accrued compensation Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current portion of lease liability - operating leases Total current liabilities Lease liability - operating leases Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 The carrying value of trade accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, other current assets, accounts payable, contract liabilities, accrued compensation, accrued expenses and other current liabilities, as well as certain other current and non-current assets and liabilities, generally represented the fair value at the date of acquisition. 
 Intangible Assets 
 The estimated fair value of the intangible assets acquired was determined using the multi-period, excess earnings method of the income approach, which estimates value based on the present value of future economic benefits attributable to the intangible assets. The significant assumptions used in developing the valuation included the estimated annual net cash flows including application of forecasted revenue, the discount rate that appropriately reflects the risk inherent in each future cash flow stream, and an assessment of the asset s life cycle, as well as other factors. The assumptions used in the financial forecasts were based on historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated growth rates, management plans, and market-comparable information. Fair-value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. Preliminary assumptions may change and may result in significant changes to the final valuation. The intangible assets acquired have a weighted average useful life of years. 
 The Company used a discount rate of to arrive at the present value for the acquired intangible assets to reflect the rate of return a market participant would expect to earn and incremental commercial uncertainty in the cash flow projections. No assurances can be given that the underlying assumptions used to prepare the discounted cash flow analysis will not change. For these and other reasons, actual results may vary significantly from estimated results. 
 10 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 million. The Company made a cash payment of million upon the closing of the acquisition and will make additional cash payments of million upon the first anniversary of the acquisition and million upon the second anniversary of the acquisition. 

3. 
 days. 
 The Company disregards the effects of a financing component if the Company expects, at contract inception, that the period between the transfer and customer payment for the goods or services will be one year or less. The Company has no significant revenues recognized on payments expected to be received more than one year after the transfer of control of products or services to customers. 
 Contract Asset and Liability 
 Revenues recognized from the Company s private label business that are not invoiced to the customers as a result of recognizing revenue over time are recorded as a contract asset included in the other current assets account in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 11 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 Transferred to trade receivable from contract asset included in beginning of the year contract asset ) Contract asset, net of transferred to trade receivables on contracts during the period Contract asset, September 30, 2024 
 Contract Liability Contract liability, January 1, 2024 
 Recognition of revenue included in beginning of year contract liability ) Contract liability, acquired with Acclarent Contract liability, net of revenue recognized on contracts during the period Foreign currency translation Contract liability, September 30, 2024 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the short-term portion of the contract liability of million and the long-term portion of million are included in current liabilities and other liabilities, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company is expected to recognize revenue of approximately of unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) performance obligations as revenue within months, with the remaining balance to be recognized thereafter. 
 from the date of purchase. The warranties are not considered a separate performance obligation. The Company estimates its product warranties using the expected value method based on historical trends and other known factors. The Company includes them in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 12 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 Instruments ENT (1) 
 Total Codman Specialty Surgical Wound Reconstruction and Care Private Label Total Tissue Technologies Total revenue 
 (1) Prior period revenues included within our instruments business have been reclassified under the ENT business. 
 See Note 15. Segment and Geographic Information , for details of revenues based on the location of the customer. 
 
 4. 
 Work in process Raw materials Total inventories, net 
 
 5. 
 Acclarent Acquisition Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Goodwill at September 30, 2024 
 
 The Company tests goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment annually in the third quarter in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ). Additionally, the Company may perform interim tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that could potentially reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite lived intangible asset below its carrying amount. The carrying value of each reporting unit is determined by assigning the assets and liabilities, including the existing goodwill and intangible assets, to those reporting units. 
 The Company tests for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors, including reporting unit specific operating results as well as industry, market and general economic conditions, to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair values of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. The Company may elect to bypass this qualitative evaluation for some or all of its reporting units and perform a quantitative test. The quantitative test uses a combination of both an income approach and a market approach to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. The income approach utilizes the estimated discounted cash flows for the reporting unit, while the market approach utilizes comparable publicly-traded companies revenue and EBITDA 
 13 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 and a discount rate of in the income approach. The Company determined, after performing the quantitative analysis, that the fair value of the Tissue Technologies reporting unit was not less than its carrying amount, with headroom. The quantitative test for the Neurosurgery reporting unit utilized a terminal growth rate of and a discount rate of in the income approach. The Company determined, after performing the quantitative analysis, that the fair value of the Neurosurgery reporting unit was not less than its carrying amount, with headroom. The quantitative test for the Instruments and ENT reporting unit utilized a terminal growth rate of and a discount rate of in the income approach. The Company determined, after performing the quantitative analysis, that the fair value of the Instruments and ENT reporting unit was not less than its carrying amount, with headroom. Based on the results of these quantitative tests, the Company recorded impairment of goodwill for Tissue Technologies, Neurosurgery, or Instruments and ENT reporting units. 
 The Company performed a hypothetical sensitivity analysis of the fair value for each reporting unit by increasing the discount rate by basis points, decreasing the terminal growth rate by basis points, and holding all other assumptions constant, which resulted in a decrease to the estimated fair value of the Tissue Technology reporting unit by , a decrease to the estimated fair value of the Neurosurgery reporting unit by , and a decrease to the estimated fair value of the Instruments and ENT reporting unit by . Based on the results of the hypothetical sensitivity analyses, the Company would still not have recorded an impairment of goodwill for Tissue Technologies, Neurosurgery, or Instruments and ENT reporting units. 
 For intangible assets with indefinite lives, the Company elected to bypass the qualitative evaluation for its Codman tradename intangible asset and perform a quantitative test during the third quarter 2024. In performing this test, the Company utilized a discount rate of . The assumptions used in evaluating the Codman tradename for impairment are subject to change and are tracked against historical results by management. Based on the results of the quantitative test, the Company recorded impairment to the Codman tradename intangible asset. 
 14 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 years ) Customer relationships years ) Trademarks/brand names years ) Codman tradename Indefinite Supplier relationships years ) All other years ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 Dollars in thousands Weighted Average Life Cost Accumulated Amortization Net Completed technology years ) Customer relationships years ) Trademarks/brand names years ) Codman tradename Indefinite Supplier relationships years ) All other years ) ) 
 Total amortization of intangible assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. Of these amounts, million and million, respectively, was related to amortization of technology based intangibles and included in cost of goods sold. million related to the impairment of a customer relationship intangible and the remainder were included in intangible amortization in the statement of operations. 
 Total amortization of intangible assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Of these amounts, million and million, respectively, was related to amortization of technology based intangibles and included in cost of goods sold, with the remainder included in intangible amortization in the statement of operations. 
 Based on quarter-end exchange rates, amortization expense (including amounts reported in cost of goods sold) is expected to be approximately million for the remainder of 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, million in 2028, million in 2029 and million thereafter. 
 The Company periodically performs testing for impairment on certain long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 
 million in intangible asset amortization in the consolidated statement of operations. With respect to the definite-lived intangible assets associated with the completed technology of SurgiMend and PriMatrix , the Company determined that the carrying amount of these definite-lived intangible assets were recoverable and, therefore, the intangible assets were not deemed to be impaired. In the second quarter of 2024, the Company approved a plan to transition the commercial distribution of SurgiMend and PriMatrix from the Boston facility to the Company s manufacturing facility in Braintree, Massachusetts (the Braintree facility ). The Company considered the impact to the update to the estimated timeframe to resume the commercial distribution of products manufactured in the Boston facility on the assumptions used in the quantitative assessment of the definite-lived intangible assets completed in the first quarter of 2024, which did not require further evaluation for impairment. The carrying values of SurgiMend and PriMatrix are million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. 
 15 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 6. 
 billion available to it through the following facilities: (i) a million term loan facility, and (ii) a billion revolving credit facility, which includes a million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit and a million sublimit for swingline loans. The terms of the Senior Credit Facility limit the amount of dividends we may pay. 
 from the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2024 through the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2025. 
 Fiscal Quarter Ending Maximum Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio March 31, 2023 through September 30, 2024 to 1.00 
 December 31, 2024 through September 30, 2025 to 1.00 
 December 31, 2025 through June 30, 2026 to 1.00 
 September 30, 2026 and the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter to 1.00 
 
 Borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company s option, at a rate equal to the following: 
 i. Term SOFR in effect from time to time plus plus the applicable rate (ranging from to ), or 
 ii. The highest of: 
 1. the weighted average overnight Federal funds rate, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, plus ; 
 2. the prime lending rate of Bank of America, N.A.; or 
 3. the one-month Term SOFR plus . 
 The applicable rates are based on the Company s Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (defined, as of any date of determination, as the ratio of (a) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness as of such date (as defined in the Credit Agreement) less cash that is not subject to any restriction on the use or investment thereof to (b) Consolidated EBITDA (as defined by the Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement )), for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on such date). 
 The Company will pay an annual commitment fee (ranging from to ), based on the Company s consolidated total leverage ratio, on the amount available for borrowing under the revolving credit facility component of the Senior Credit Facility. 
 The Senior Credit Facility is collateralized by substantially all of the assets of the Company s U.S. subsidiaries, excluding intangible assets. The Senior Credit Facility is subject to various financial and negative covenants and, at September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The Company capitalized million in deferred financing costs in connection with the modification of the Senior Credit Facility and wrote off million of previously capitalized financing costs during the first quarter of 2023. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 there wa s million and million, respectively, ou tstanding under the revolving credit facility component of the Senior Credit Facility. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was million and million outstanding under the term loan component of the Senior Credit Facility at a weighted average interest rate of and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 there was million and million, respectively, of the term loan component of the Senior Credit Facility classified as current on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 16 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 million, and million, respectively. The fair value was determined by using a discounted cash flow model based on current market interest rates available to the Company. These inputs are corroborated by observable market data for similar liabilities and therefore classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Level 2 inputs represent inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, and are other than active market observable i nputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Letters of credit outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 to taled million. There were amounts drawn under the letters of credit outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Future interest payments on the term loan component of the Senior Credit Facility based on current interest rates are expected to approximate million for the remainder of 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and million in 2028. Interest is calculated on the term loan portion of the Senior Credit Facility based on SOFR plus the certain amounts set forth in the Credit Agreement. As the revolving credit facility and Securitization Facility (defined below) can be repaid at any time, no interest has been included in the calculation. 
 Any outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facility component of the Senior Credit Facility are due on March 24, 2028. 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 On February 7, 2020, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of its Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes pursuant to an indenture, dated as of February 7, 2020 (the Original Indenture ), between the Company and Citibank, N.A., as trustee. The 2025 Notes will mature on August 15, 2025 and bear interest at a rate of per annum payable semi-annually in arrears, unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed in accordance with the terms of the 2025 Notes. In connection with this offering, the Company capitalized million of financing fees. 
 The 2025 Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of the Company, and are convertible into cash and shares of its common stock based on an initial conversion rate, subject to adjustment of 13.5739 shares per 1,000 principal amounts of the 2025 Notes (which represents an initial conversion price of per share). The 2025 Notes convert only in the following circumstances: (1) if the closing price of the Company s common stock has been at least of the conversion price during the period; (2) if the average trading price per 1,000 principal amount of the 2025 Notes is less than or equal to of the average conversion value of the 2025 Notes during a period specified in the Original Indenture; (3) if the Company calls the notes for optional redemption as described in the Original Indenture; or (4) if specified corporate transactions occur. As of September 30, 2024, none of these conditions existed and the 2025 Notes are classified as current convertible securities on the consolidated balance sheet, as they are due within one year. 
 On December 9, 2020, the Company entered into the first supplemental indenture to the Original Indenture (the First Supplemental Indenture and, together with Original Indenture, the Indenture ), pursuant to which the Company irrevocably elected (1) to eliminate the Company s option to choose physical settlement on any conversion of the 2025 Notes that occurs on or after the date of the First Supplemental Indenture and (2) with respect to any Combination Settlement (as defined in the First Supplemental Indenture) for a conversion of the 2025 Notes, the Specified Dollar Amount (as defined in the First Supplemental Indenture) that will be settled in cash per 1,000 principal amount of the 2025 Notes shall be no lower than . 
 Holders of the 2025 Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase for cash all or a portion of their 2025 Notes at of their principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture). The Company will also be required to increase the conversion rate for holders who convert their 2025 Notes in connection with certain Fundamental Changes (as defined in the Original Indenture) occurring prior to the maturity date or following delivery by the Company of a notice of redemption. 
 17 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 million for the 2025 Notes. The Company received million of proceeds from the warrant transactions for the 2025 Notes. The call transactions involved purchasing call options from the hedge participants, and the warrant transactions involved selling call options to the hedge participants with a higher strike price than the purchased call options. The initial strike price of the call transactions was , subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those in the 2025 Notes. The initial strike price of the warrant transactions was for the 2025 Notes, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 
 At September 30, 2024 , the carrying amount of the liability of the 2025 Notes w as million . The fair value of the 2025 Notes at September 30, 2024 was million . Factors that the Company considered when estimating the fair value of the 2025 Notes included recent quoted market prices or dealer quotes. The 2025 Notes are valued based on Level 1 measurements in the fair value hierarchy. Level 1 inputs represent quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Securitization Facility 
 In 2018, the Company entered into an accounts receivable securitization facility (the Securitization Facility under which accounts receivable of certain domestic subsidiaries are sold on a non-recourse basis to a special purpose entity SPE ), which is a bankruptcy-remote, consolidated subsidiary of the Company. Accordingly, the assets of the SPE are not available to satisfy the obligations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. From time to time, the SPE may finance such accounts receivable with a revolving loan facility secured by a pledge of such accounts receivable. The amount of outstanding borrowings on the Securitization Facility at any one time is limited to million. The Securitization Facility Agreement Securitization Agreement governing the Securitization Facility contains certain covenants and termination events. An occurrence of an event of default or a termination event under this Securitization Agreement may give rise to the right of its counterparty to terminate this facility. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with the covenants and none of the termination events had occurred. 
 On December 15, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment (the December 2023 Amendment of the Securitization Facility which extended the maturity date from May 28, 2024 to December 15, 2026. The Company incurred approximately million of new issuance costs associated with the December 2023 Amendment which will be amortized over years, the length of the Securitization Agreement as amended by the December 2023 Amendment. Due to the increase in borrowing capacity, the remaining million of unamortized costs from the previous agreement will also be amortized over the length of the amended agreement, . In addition, on April 17, 2023 the Company entered into an amendment (the April 2023 Amendment of the Securitization Facility and amended the interest rate from LIBOR to SOFR-indexed rate. The December 2023 Amendment and April 2023 Amendment did not increase the Company s total indebtedness. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, of outstanding borrowings under its Securitization Facility at an interest rate of and , respectively. The fair value of the outstanding borrowing of the Securitization Facility at September 30, 2024 was million. These fair values were determined by using a discounted cash flow model based on current market interest rates available to the Company. These inputs are corroborated by observable market data for similar liabilities and therefore classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Level 2 inputs represent inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, and are other than active market observable i nputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities. 
 18 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 7. 
 December 13, 2017 July 1, 2019 June 28, 2024 1-month Term SOFR Loan December 13, 2017 January 1, 2018 December 31, 2024 1-month Term SOFR Loan October 10, 2018 July 1, 2020 June 30, 2025 1-month Term SOFR Loan October 10, 2018 July 1, 2020 June 30, 2025 1-month Term SOFR Loan October 10, 2018 July 1, 2020 June 30, 2025 1-month Term SOFR Loan December 18, 2018 December 30, 2022 December 31, 2027 1-month Term SOFR Loan December 18, 2018 December 30, 2022 December 31, 2027 1-month Term SOFR Loan December 15, 2020 July 31, 2025 December 31, 2027 1-month Term SOFR Loan December 15, 2020 July 1, 2025 December 31, 2027 Basis Swap (1) 
 March 31, 2023 March 24, 2023 December 31, 2027 N/A ) 0 ) (1) The notional of the basis swap amortizes to match the total notional of the interest rate swap portfolio over time 
 
 The interest rate swaps were carried on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value and changes in the fair values were recorded as unrealized gains or losses in accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI ). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a loss of million and a gain of million, respectively, in AOCI related to the change in fair value of the interest rate swaps. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 the Company recorded a gain of million and million, respectively, in AOCI related to the change in fair value of the interest rate swaps. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded gains of million and million, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations related to the interest rate differential of the interest rate swaps. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 the Company recorded gains of million and million, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations related to the interest rate differential of the interest rate swaps. The estimated gain that is expected to be reclassified to interest income from AOCI as of September 30, 2024 within the next twelve months is million. 
 The Company has designated these derivative instruments as cash flow hedges. The Company assesses the effectiveness of these derivative instruments and has recorded the changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument designated as a cash flow hedge as unrealized gains or losses in AOCI, net of tax, until the hedged item affected earnings, at which point any gain or loss was reclassified to earnings. If the hedged cash flow does not occur, or if it becomes probable that it will not occur, the Company will reclassify the remaining amount of any gain or loss on the related cash flow hedge recorded in AOCI to interest expense at that time. 
 19 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 million and extend the termination date to September 2024 and as a result, the Company terminated the cross-currency swap designated as cash flow hedge of an intercompany loan with aggregate notional amount of million. Simultaneously, the Company entered into a cross-currency swap agreement to hedge a notional amount of CHF million equivalent to million of this amended intercompany loan into U.S. dollars. On September 23, 2024, the Company settled this cross-currency swap designated as a cash flow hedge of an intercompany loan. Based on the closing exchange rates, the loss upon settlement was approximately million which was offset by the gain on the settlement of the intercompany loan. 
 On December 21, 2020, the Company entered into cross-currency swap agreements to convert a notional amount of million equivalent to million of a CHF-denominated intercompany loan into U.S. dollars. The CHF-denominated intercompany loan was the result of an intra-entity transfer of certain intellectual property rights to a subsidiary in Switzerland completed during the fourth quarter of 2020. The intercompany loan requires quarterly payments of CHF million plus accrued interest. As a result, the aggregate notional amount of the related cross-currency swaps will decrease by a corresponding amount. 
 CHF ) ) Receive U.S. Pay CHF September 22, 2023 September 23, 2024 CHF ) Receive U.S. Total ) ) 
 20 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 million and a gain of million, respectively, in AOCI related to change in fair value of the cross-currency swaps. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded gains of million and million, respectively, in AOCI related to change in fair value of the cross-currency swaps. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company recorded a loss of million and a gain of million, respectively, in other income, net related to change in fair value related to the foreign currency rate translation to offset the gains and losses, respectively, recognized on the intercompany loans. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a gain of million and million, respectively, in other income, net related to change in fair value related to the foreign currency rate translation to offset the losses recognized on the intercompany loans. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a gain of million and million, respectively, in other income, net included in the consolidated statements of operations related to the interest rate differential of the cross-currency swaps. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a gain of million and million, respectively, in other income, net included in the consolidated statements of operations related to the interest rate differential of the cross-currency swaps. 
 The estimated gain that is expected to be reclassified to other income (expense), net from AOCI as of September 30, 2024 within the next twelve months is million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company does not expect any gains or losses will be reclassified into earnings because the original forecasted transactions will not occur. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 The Company manages certain foreign exchange risks through a variety of strategies, including hedging. The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk from its international operations through foreign currency purchases, net investments in foreign subsidiaries, and foreign currency assets and liabilities created in the normal course of business. 
 On May 2, 2024, the Company entered into a cross-currency swap agreement with a notional amount of CHF million, equivalent to million, where the Company agreed with third-parties to sell CHF in exchange for U.S. dollars at a specified rate at the maturity of the contract. The new cross-currency swap agreement was designated as a net investment hedge to partially offset the effects of foreign currency on foreign subsidiaries. 
 On October 1, 2018, May 24, 2022, and November 21, 2023, the Company entered into cross-currency swap agreements designated as net investment hedges to partially offset the effects of foreign currency on foreign subsidiaries. 
 EUR Receive U.S. Pay CHF May 26, 2022 December 16, 2028 CHF ) ) Receive U.S. Pay CHF November 17, 2023 December 17, 2029 CHF ) ) Receive U.S. Pay CHF May 6, 2024 December 18, 2030 CHF ) Receive U.S. Total ) ) 
 21 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 million and million, respectively, in AOCI related to the change in fair value of the cross-currency swaps. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a gain of million and a loss of million, respectively, in AOCI related to change in fair value of the cross-currency swaps. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a gain of million and million, respectively, in interest income included in the consolidated statements of operations related to the interest rate differential of the cross-currency swaps. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded gains of million and million, respectively, in interest income included in the consolidated statements of operations related to the interest rate differential of the cross-currency swaps. 
 The estimated gain that is expected to be reclassified to interest income from AOCI as of September 30, 2024 within the next twelve months is million. 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
 The Company has entered into a hedge for forecasted intercompany purchases denominated in foreign currencies through the use of forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges. To the extent these forward contracts meet hedge accounting criteria, changes in their fair value are not included in accumulated comprehensive loss. These changes in fair value will be recognized into earnings as a component of cost of sales when the forecasted-transaction occurs. 
 In the first and third quarter of 2024, the Company entered into foreign currency forwards to mitigate the exchange rate risk of CHF denominated intercompany purchases. These contracts typically settle at various dates within twelve months of execution. As of September 30, 2024 the notional amount of foreign currency forward contracts was million CHF. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company recorded a gain of million and a loss of million, respectively, in AOCI related to the change in fair value of the foreign currency forward contracts and a loss of million and million, respectively, in cost of goods sold included in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 the Company recorded a gain of million and million, respectively, in AOCI related to the change in fair value of the foreign currency forward contracts and a gain of million and million, respectively, in cost of goods sold included in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 On October 16, 2024, the Company entered into forward currency forwards with a notional amount of million CHF to mitigate the exchange rate risk of Swiss franc denominated intercompany purchases. These contracts settle at various dates within twelve months of execution. 
 Counterparty Credit Risk 
 The Company manages its concentration of counterparty credit risk on its derivative instruments by limiting acceptable counterparties to a group of major financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings, and by actively monitoring their credit ratings and outstanding positions on an ongoing basis. Therefore, the Company considers the credit risk of the counterparties to be low. Furthermore, none of the Company s derivative transactions are subject to collateral or other security arrangements, and none contain provisions that depend upon the Company s credit ratings from any credit rating agency. 
 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments 
 The Company has classified all of its derivative instruments within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because observable inputs are available for substantially the full term of the derivative instruments. The fair values of the interest rate swaps and cross-currency swaps were developed using a market approach based on publicly available market yield curves and the terms of the swap. The Company performs ongoing assessments of counterparty credit risk. 
 22 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 Cross-currency swap Foreign currency forward contracts Net Investment Hedges Cross-currency swap Other assets Cash Flow Hedges Interest rate swap Net Investment Hedges Cross-currency swap Total derivatives designated as hedges Assets Derivatives designated as hedges Liabilities: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Cash Flow Hedges Interest rate swap Cross-currency swap Foreign currency forward contracts Net Investment Hedges Cross-currency swap Other liabilities Cash Flow Hedges Interest rate swap Cross-currency swap Net Investment Hedges Cross-currency swap Total derivatives designated as hedges Liabilities 
 (1) The Company classifies derivative assets and liabilities as current based on the cash flows expected to be incurred within the following 12 months. 
 
 23 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 ) Interest expense Cross-currency swap ) ) ) ) Other income, net Foreign Currency Forward Contract ) ) Cost of Sales Net Investment Hedges Cross-currency swap ) ) ) Interest income ) ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash Flow Hedges Interest rate swap Interest expense Cross-currency swap ) ) Other income, net Foreign Currency Forward Contract ) ) Net Investment Hedges Cross-currency swap ) ) Interest income Dollars in thousands Balance in AOCI Beginning of Year Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI Amount of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings Balance in AOCI End of Quarter Location in Statements of Operations Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Cash Flow Hedges Interest rate swap Interest expense Cross-currency swap ) ) Other income (expense), net Foreign currency forward contract ) ) Cost of sales Net Investment Hedges Cross-currency swap ) ) ) Interest income ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash Flow Hedges Interest rate swap Interest expense Cross-currency swap ) ) Other income (expense), net Foreign currency forward contract ) Net Investment Hedges Cross-currency swap ) ) ) Interest income 
 24 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

million to mitigate the risk from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates associated with an intercompany loan denominated in Japanese yen. In a foreign currency swap transaction, the Company agrees with another party to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between one currency and another currency at a fixed exchange rate, generally set at inception, calculated by reference to an agreed upon notional amount. The notional amount of each currency is exchanged at the inception and termination of the currency swap by each party. The Company subsequently paid down a portion of this swap, bringing the notional amount down to million as of September 30, 2024. 
 The fair value of the foreign currency swaps not designated as hedges was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Total 
 
 8. 
 from the date of grant for officers and employees, within from date of grant for directors which generally expire from the grant date for employees, and from six to for directors and certain executive officers, except in certain instances that result in accelerated vesting due to death, disability, retirement age or change in-control provisions within their grant agreements. The Company values stock option grants using the binomial distribution model. Restricted stock issued under the 2003 Plan vests over specified periods, generally after the date of grant. The vesting of performance stock issued under the 2003 Plan is subject to service and performance conditions. 
 Stock Options 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock options. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately . There were stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the weighted average grant date fair value for stock options granted was per option. 
 Awards of Restricted Stock and Performance Stock 
 Performance stock and restricted stock awards generally have requisite service periods of , except in certain instances that result in accelerated vesting due to death, disability, retirement age provision or change in-control provisions in their grant agreements. Performance stock units are subject to graded vesting conditions based on revenue goals of the Company. The Company expenses the fair value of restricted stock awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to these unvested awards. The Company expects to recognize these costs over a weighted-average period of approximately . The Company granted restricted stock awards and performance stock awards during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the weighted average grant date fair value for restricted stock awards and performance stock units granted was and per award, respectively. 
 The Company also maintains an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), which provides eligible employees with the opportunity to acquire shares of common stock at periodic intervals by means of accumulated payroll deductions. The ESPP is a non-compensatory plan based on its terms. 
 25 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 following his cessation of continued service to the Company. As a result of the modifications, the Company recorded incremental stock-based compensation expense of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company will record a total of million in accelerated stock-based compensation expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024 that would not have been recognized if Mr. De Witte had not announced his retirement from Integra. 
 
 9. 
 million and million, respectively. The components of the net periodic benefit costs other than the service cost component of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, are included in other income, net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Net periodic benefit costs for the Company s defined benefit pension plans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were million and million, respectively. The components of the net periodic benefit costs other than the service cost component of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, are included in other income, net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The estimated fair values of plan assets were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The net plan assets of the pension plans are invested in common trusts as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Common trusts are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of common trusts is valued at the net asset value based on the fair values of the underlying investments of the trusts as determined by the sponsor of the trusts. The investment strategy of the Company s defined benefit plans is both to meet the liabilities of the plans as they fall due and to maximize the return on invested assets within an appropriate risk profile. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 The Company maintains a deferred compensation plan in which certain employees of the Company may defer the payment and taxation of up to of their base salary and up to of bonus amounts and other eligible cash compensation. 
 This deferred compensation is invested in funds offered under this plan and is valued based on Level 1 measurements in the fair value hierarchy. Assets of the Company s deferred compensation plan are included in other current assets and recorded at fair value based on their quoted market prices. The fair value of these assets were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Offsetting liabilities relating to the deferred compensation plan are included in other liabilities. 
 
 10. 
 or more options to renew. The exercise of lease renewal options is typically at the Company s sole discretion, therefore, the majority of renewals to extend the lease terms are not included in the Right of Use ROU assets and lease liabilities as they are not reasonably certain of exercise. The Company regularly evaluates renewal options and when they are reasonably certain of exercise, the renewal period is included in the lease term. 
 As most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses a collateralized incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of the lease payments. 
 26 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 million and million, respectively, which includes million, in related party operating lease expense. 
 Current lease liabilities Non-current lease liabilities Total lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (in years): Leased facilities years years Leased vehicles years years Weighted average discount rate: Leased facilities Leased vehicles 
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities, net of modifications: Operating leases 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest Total lease liabilities Less: Current lease liabilities Long-term lease liabilities 
 27 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 owned by a principal stockholder of the Company. The term of the current lease agreement is through October 31, 2029 at an annual rate of approximately million. The current lease agreement also provides (i) a -year renewal option for the Company to extend the lease from at the fair market rental rate of the premises, and (ii) another -year renewal option to extend the lease from at the fair market rental rate of the premises. 
 Lease Impairment Charge 
 The Company approved a plan to transition the commercial distribution of PriMatrix and SurgiMend from the Boston facility to the Company s manufacturing facility in Braintree, Massachusetts and permanently cease use of the Boston facility. As a result, in the second quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a million impairment charge, as the carrying amounts of the operating lease right-of-use asset and fixed assets related to the Boston facility exceeded their fair values based on the Company s estimates of future discounted cash flows through the end of the lease term and the end of their remaining useful lives, respectively. The million impairment charge was comprised of a million impairment of an operating lease right-of-use asset and a million write-off of fixed assets, which was recorded as a component of cost of goods sold in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 11. 
 million and million shares of treasury stock outstanding with a cost of million and million, at a weighted average cost per share of and , respectively. 
 On May 16, 2024, the Company entered into a million accelerated share repurchase May 2024 ASR and received million shares of common stock at inception of the May 2024 ASR, which represented approximately of the expected total shares under the May 2024 ASR. On July 31, 2024, the early exercise provision was exercised by the May 2024 ASR counterparty. The Company received an additional million shares determined using the volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the term of the May 2024 ASR. 
 On August 15, 2023, the Company entered into a million accelerated share repurchase August 2023 ASR and received million shares of common stock at inception of the August 2023 ASR, which represented approximately of the expected total shares under the August 2023 ASR. On October 18, 2023 the early exercise provision was exercised by the August 2023 ASR counterparty. The Company received an additional million shares determined using the volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the term of the August 2023 ASR. 
 On January 26, 2023, the Company entered into a million accelerated share repurchase January 2023 ASR and received million shares of common stock at inception of the January 2023 ASR, which represented approximately of the expected total shares under the January 2023 ASR. The settlement of the January 2023 ASR agreement was completed in the second quarter of 2023, where the Company received million shares, determined using the volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the term of the January 2023 ASR. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Act was signed into law. The Inflation Act implements a new excise tax of 1 on the net share repurchases made by the Company effective for share repurchases performed January 1, 2023, or after. In October 2024, the Company made an excise tax payment of million related to the January 2023 ASR and the August 2023 ASR. 
 On July 18, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized a new million share repurchase program. A s of September 30, 2024, million remained authorized . The program, which was authorized in July 2023 and expires on December 31, 2025, allows the Company to repurchase its shares opportunistically from time to time. The Company may utilize various methods to effect any repurchases, including open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, transactions structured through investment banking institutions, including accelerated share repurchases, or a combination of the foregoing, some of which may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The price and timing of any future purchases under the share repurchase program will depend on factors such as levels of cash generation from operations, the volume of stock option exercises by employees, cash requirements for acquisitions, dividends, economic and market conditions and stock price, and such repurchases may be discontinued at any time. 
 28 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 12. 
 ) 
 The Company s effective income tax rates for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and ) , respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the higher tax rate is primarily due to the limitation of foreign tax credits in the U.S. and the limitation of federal tax credits in Switzerland, caused by lower book income realized during the third quarter. For the three months ended September 30, 2023,the primary drivers of the lower tax rate relate to a reduction to book income in higher-taxed jurisdictions and a million benefit related to the filing of prior year tax returns. 
 The Company s effective income tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the higher tax rate is primarily due to the limitation of foreign tax credits in the U.S. and the limitation of federal tax credits in Switzerland, caused by lower book income and a million shortfall from stock-based compensation, as compared to the prior year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the primary drivers of the lower tax rate relate to a reduction to book income in higher-taxed jurisdictions and a million benefit related to the filing of prior year tax returns. 
 Changes to income tax laws and regulations, in any of the tax jurisdictions in which the Company operates, could impact the effective tax rate. Various governments, both U.S. and non-U.S., are increasingly focused on tax reform and revenue-raising legislation. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Act was signed into law. The Company did not experience a material impact on the Company s effective tax rate under the Inflation Act. Further, legislation in foreign jurisdictions may be enacted, in continued response to the base erosion and profit-sharing BEPS project begun by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD ). 
 The OECD released model rules related to a new 15 global minimum tax regime Pillar 2 ). Several of the jurisdictions that the Company operates in have already adopted some form of the model rules, which could impact the amount of taxes that the Company pays after 2023. However, the rules are complex and provide for delays for implementing the tax during the early transition years, if certain conditions are met. At this time, the Company is projecting an immaterial amount related to Pillar 2 tax liability for the year ending December 31, 2024. Related changes in U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions could have an adverse effect on the Company s effective tax rate. 
 29 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 13.) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic net (loss) income per common share ) ) Diluted net (loss) income per share: Net (loss) income ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options and restricted stock Weighted average common shares for diluted earnings per share Diluted net (loss) income per common share ) ) 
 Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed based on the weighted-average common shares outstanding plus the effect of dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period calculated using the treasury stock method. Dilutive potential common shares include employee equity share options, non-vested shares, and similar equity instruments granted by the Company. Potential common share equivalents have been excluded where their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. For periods in which the Company generated a net loss, the Company does not include the potential impact of dilutive securities in diluted net loss per share, as the impact of these items is anti-dilutive. 
 Common stock of approximately million and million shares at September 30, 2024, and 2023, res pectively, were not included in the computation of diluted net (loss) income per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 14.) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Change in unrealized loss/(gain) on derivatives, net of tax ) ) Pension liability adjustment, net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income, net ) ) 
 30 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 ) ) Other comprehensive gain (loss) ) Less: Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net Net current-period other comprehensive gain (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reclassified a gain of million and million from accumulated other comprehensive income to other income, net and interest income, respectively. 
 
 15. 
 global reportable segments and reports the results of its businesses to its chief operating decision maker. The reportable segments and their activities are described below. 
 The Codman Specialty Surgical segment includes (i) the Neurosurgery business, which sells a full line of products for neurosurgery and neuro critical care such as tissue ablation equipment, dural repair products, cerebral spinal fluid management devices, intracranial monitoring equipment, and cranial stabilization equipment; (ii) the Instruments business, which sells more than instrument patterns and surgical and lighting products to hospitals, surgery centers, dental, podiatry, and veterinary offices; and (iii) the ENT business, which includes instrumentation, balloon technologies for sinus dilation and eustachian tube dilation, as well as surgical navigation systems. 
 The Tissue Technologies segment consists of the Wound Reconstruction and Care business, which includes offerings such as skin and wound repair products, plastics and surgical reconstruction products, bone grafts, and nerve and tendon repair products. The Tissue Technologies segment includes the Company s private label business. 
 The Corporate and other category includes (i) various executive, finance, human resource, information systems and legal functions, (ii) brand management, and (iii) share-based compensation costs. 
 The operating results of the various reportable segments as presented are not comparable to one another because (i) certain operating segments are more dependent than others on corporate functions for unallocated general and administrative and/or operational manufacturing functions, and (ii) the Company does not allocate certain manufacturing costs and general and administrative costs to the operating segment results. 
 Tissue Technologies 
 Total revenues Segment Profit Codman Specialty Surgical Tissue Technologies 
 Segment profit Amortization ) ) ) ) Corporate and other ) ) ) ) Operating income ) ) 
 31 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

Europe Asia Pacific Rest of World Total Revenues 
 
 16. 
 32 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 Payment ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities ) Research and development Selling, general and administrative Balance as of September 30, 2024 Short-Term Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Long-Term Other liabilities Total 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Contingent Consideration Liability Related to Acquisition of: Arkis Location in Financial Statements Derma Sciences ACell Surgical Innovations Associates (SIA), Inc. Location in Financial Statements Balance as of January 1, 2023 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities Research and development ) Selling, general and administrative Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 Short-Term Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Long-Term Other liabilities Total 
 Arkis BioSciences Inc. 
 As part of the acquisition of Arkis BioSciences Inc. Arkis ), the Company is required to pay the former shareholders of Arkis up to million based on the timing of certain development milestones of million and commercial sales milestones of million, respectively. The Company used a probability weighted income approach to calculate the fair value of the contingent consideration that considered the possible outcomes of scenarios related to each specified milestone. The Company estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration to be million at the acquisition date. 
 Derma Sciences, Inc. 
 The Company assumed contingent consideration incurred by Derma Sciences, Inc. Derma Sciences related to its acquisitions of BioD, LLC and the intellectual property related to Medihoney products. The Company accounted for the contingent liabilities by recording the fair value on the date of the acquisition based on a probability weighted income approach. The Company has already paid million related to the aforementioned contingent liabilities. contingent milestone remains, which relates to net sales of Medihoney products exceeding certain amounts defined in the agreement between the Company and Derma Sciences. The potential maximum undiscounted payment amounts to million. 
 33 

INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

 million in total for years 2022, 2023, and 2025 based on the achievement by the Company of certain revenue-based performance milestones. The 2022 and 2023 milestones were not achieved, leaving only contingent milestone remaining. The Company used iterations of the Monte Carlo simulation to calculate the fair value of the contingent consideration that considered the possible outcomes of scenarios related to each specific milestone. The Company estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration to be million at the acquisition date. 
 Surgical Innovations Associates, Inc. 
 As part of the acquisition of Surgical Innovations Associates, Inc. SIA ), the Company is required to pay to the former shareholders of SIA up to million for separate payments, which are dependent on (1) achieving certain revenue-based performance milestones in 2023, 2024, and 2025 (up to million in additional payments), as well as (2) the approval by the FDA of the pre-market approval ("PMA") application for DuraSorb for certain uses by certain timing targets (up to million in additional payments). In the second quarter of 2024, the Company paid out million related to the 2023 performance year. The Company used iterations of the Monte Carlo simulation to calculate the fair value of the contingent consideration for the revenue-based milestone that considered the possible outcomes of scenarios related to each specific milestone for the revenue based performance milestone. The Company used probabilities of achieving the conditions to calculate the fair value of the contingent consideration for the PMA approval milestone. The Company estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration for the revenue based milestone to be million at the acquisition date and million for the PMA approval milestone at the acquisition date. 
 Other Commitments 
 million 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report and our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 We have made statements in this Quarterly Report that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Quarterly Report, including, but not limited to, statements regarding our business strategy and plans, growth and growth strategies, developments in the markets for our products and services, financial results, development launches and effectiveness, research and development strategy, regulatory approvals, competitive strengths, objectives of management for future operations and current expectations or forecasts of future results, our expectations regarding the Boston facility and plans to operationalize the Company's Braintree facility, transition the manufacture of SurgiMend and PriMatrix to the Braintree facility, and to obtain pre-market approval of SurgiMend PRS in implant-based breast reconstruction; our expectations regarding CMP (as defined below) implementation and engagement; restructuring and cost-saving initiatives, intellectual property rights, litigation and tax matters, governmental proceedings and investigations, mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, market acceptance of our products and services, accounting estimates, financing activities, ongoing contractual obligations, working capital adequacy, value of our investments, our effective tax rate, our expected returns to shareholders, and sales efforts, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, these forward-looking statements may be identified by forward-looking words such as believe, may, might, could, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, seek, plan, expect, should, would or the negative version of these words or other similar words and expressions in this Quarterly Report. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company and other matters that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We believe these risks include but are not limited to those described under the headings Risk Factors and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in this Quarterly Report, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), which are accessible on the SEC s website at https://www.sec.gov. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited, to the following: the ongoing and possible future effects of global challenges, including macroeconomic uncertainties, inflation, supply chain disruptions, trade regulation and tariffs, other economic disruptions and U.S. and global recession concerns, on the Company s customers and on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; the Company's ability to execute its operating plan effectively; the Company s ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses; the Company s ability to achieve sales growth in a timely fashion; the Company s ability to manufacture and ship sufficient quantities of its products to meet its customers demands; the ability of third-party suppliers to supply us with raw materials and finished products; global macroeconomic and political conditions, including the war in Ukraine and the conflict in Israel and Gaza; the Company s ability to manage its direct sales channels effectively; the sales performance of third-party distributors on whom the Company relies to generate revenue for certain products and geographic regions; the Company s ability to access and maintain relationships with customers of acquired entities and businesses; physicians willingness to adopt and third-party payors willingness to provide or maintain reimbursement for the Company s recently launched, planned and existing products; initiatives launched by the Company's competitors; downward pricing pressures from customers; the Company's ability to secure regulatory approval for products in development; the Company s ability to remediate quality systems violations; difficulties or delays in obtaining and maintaining required regulatory approvals related to the transition of the manufacturing to the Braintree facility and obtain pre-market approval of SurgiMend PRS in implant-based breast reconstruction; the possibility that costs or difficulties related to building and the operationalization of the Braintree facility or the transition of manufacturing activities from the Company s Boston facility to the Braintree facility will be greater than expected; fluctuations in hospitals spending for capital equipment; the Company s ability to comply with regulations regarding products of human origin and products containing materials derived from animal source; difficulties in controlling expenses, including costs to procure and manufacture our products; the impact of changes in management or staff levels; the impact of goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges if future operating results of acquired businesses are significantly less than the results anticipated at the time of the acquisitions, the Company s ability to leverage its existing selling organizations and administrative infrastructure; the Company s ability to increase product sales and gross margins, and control non-product costs; the Company s ability to achieve anticipated growth rates, margins and scale and execute its strategy generally; the amount and timing of divestiture, acquisition and integration-related costs; the geographic distribution of where the Company generates its taxable income; new U.S. and foreign government laws and regulations, and changes in existing laws, regulations and enforcement guidance, which affect areas of our operations including, but not limited to, those affecting the health care industry, including the EU Medical Devices Regulation; the scope, duration and effect of additional U.S. and international 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 governmental, regulatory, fiscal, monetary and public health responses to public health crises; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; the amount of our bank borrowings outstanding and other factors influencing liquidity; potential negative impacts resulting from environmental, social and governance matters; and the potential impact of our compliance with governmental regulations and accounting guidance. 
 We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by applicable law. You should carefully consider forward-looking statements and understand that such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, and involve a variety of risks and uncertainties. 
 
 GENERAL 
 We are a leading global medical technology company innovating treatment pathways in surgical, neurologic and regenerative care to advance patient outcomes and set new standards of surgical, neurologic and regenerative care. Founded in 1989 with the acquisition of an engineered collagen technology platform used to repair and regenerate tissue, our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the symbol IART. We have developed numerous product lines from this technology for applications ranging from burn and deep tissue wounds to the repair of dura mater in the brain, as well as nerves and tendons. We have expanded our base regenerative technology business to include surgical instruments, neurosurgical products and advanced wound care through global acquisitions and product development to meet the evolving needs of our customers and enhance patient care. 
 Our products are sold in more than 120 countries through a direct sales force as well as distributors and wholesalers. We manufacture and sell medical technologies and products in two reportable business segments: Codman Specialty Surgical CSS and Tissue Technologies TT ). The CSS segment, which represents approximately two-thirds of our total revenue, consists of market-leading technologies and instrumentation used for a wide range of specialties, such as neurosurgery, neurocritical care and otolaryngology. We are the world leader in neurosurgery and one of the top three providers in instruments used in precision, specialty, and general surgical procedures. Our TT segment generates about one-third of our overall revenue and focuses on three main areas: complex wound surgery, surgical reconstruction, and peripheral nerve repair. 
 We have key manufacturing and research facilities located in California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Ohio, Puerto Rico, Tennessee, Utah, France, Germany, Ireland and Switzerland. We source most of our handheld surgical instruments and dural sealant products through specialized third-party vendors. 
 Our strategies are focused around five pillars. Of these five pillars, we have identified three core growth drivers: (1) innovating for outcomes, (2) growing internationally, and (3) broadening our impact on care pathways. Our execution of the core growth drivers is enabled by two key levers: (4) driving operational and customer excellence and (5) cultivating a high-performance culture. As outlined in greater detail below, we believe these five pillars will enable us to realize and advance our integrated growth strategy. 
 To this end, our executive leadership team has established the following key priorities aligned to the following five pillars: 
 Innovating for Outcomes. An important part of Integra s growth strategy is introducing new products to strengthen and expand our portfolio through clinical evidence to support regulatory approval and strong reimbursement of our product portfolio around the world, including new indications for existing technologies. For example, in 2021, we filed a pre-market approval PMA application for a specific indication for Surgimend in the use of post-mastectomy breast reconstruction. We cannot predict an approval date because of the timeline of restarting manufacturing at the Braintree, Massachusetts facility (the "Braintree facility"), where Surgimend will be manufactured. We are also pursuing a PMA for DuraSorb for use in implant-based breast reconstruction IBBR ). We completed enrollment for the DuraSorb U.S. investigational device exemption clinical study for two-stage breast reconstruction in June 2023 and are conducting the primary follow-up one year after device implantation. We hope to secure approval for DuraSorb in 2025. 
 In addition, in March 2024, we expanded our urinary bladder matrix platform with the U.S. launch of MicroMatrix Flex, a dual-syringe system enabling the convenient mixing and precise delivery of MicroMatrix paste to provide convenient access to hard-to-reach spaces and to help prepare an even wound surface in challenging wound areas. 
 We also continued to advance the development of pioneering neurosurgical technologies with the expansion of our product offerings. In 2023, we launched additional CUSA Clarity tips for use in surgical procedures requiring the controlled fragmentation, emulsification and aspiration of bone as well as in laparoscopic liver surgery. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Growing Internationally: Over the years, we have been significantly expanding our global footprint through investments in our commercial and manufacturing organizations, the expansion and development of international markets and new product introductions. As part of our In-China-For-China strategy, we continue the build out of our assembly capabilities in our new facility in Suzhou, China. Several new products were introduced in select international markets in 2023 and 2024, including MicroMatrix and Certas Plus Programmable Valve, which were launched in Europe, and CUSA Clarity laparoscopic tip, which was launched in Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Canada, South Africa and Israel. In addition, DuraGen Secure, received approval in Japan, while DuraGen Plus, an absorbable and sutureless collagen onlay indicated as a dura substitute for the repair of dura mater, and Certas Plus were approved in China. We also continued to strengthen our presence in South Asia, Southeast Asia and South Korea with key leadership appointments. 
 Broadening Impact on Care Pathways. We seek ways to develop and acquire products and technologies that impact the lives of patients, starting with the journey that a patient takes from diagnosis and treatment planning to surgery and postoperative care. We are well-established in acute care in the hospital setting and continue to leverage that strong position to grow in this segment and shape treatment pathways into preoperative care and additional sites of care. On April 1, 2024, the Company successfully completed the acquisition of Acclarent from Ethicon, Inc., a subsidiary of Johnson Johnson. Acclarent is an innovator and market leader in ear, nose and throat ENT procedures and the acquisition of Acclarent has positioned Integra as one of the leading providers of ENT products and technologies. Furthermore, we believe that, owing to the ENT business being an anatomical adjacency to neurosurgery, the acquisition will allow Integra to deliver future innovation both within the ENT business and across our other CSS technology platforms. 
 Driving Operations and Customer Excellence. We have been making investments to build more responsive and scalable processes, enhance the reliability of our quality systems and supply chain, and drive productivity initiatives to further supply and lower costs. We continue to invest in technologies, systems and processes to enhance the customer experience. We also continue to invest in our capacity expansion. This includes ongoing projects of transferring our Boston manufacturing to a new location in Braintree, Massachusetts, validating manufacturing processes in our manufacturing facility in Plainsboro, New Jersey and increasing capacity in our Memphis, Tennessee location. 
 Cultivating a High-Performance Culture. In seeking to sustain a culture of excellence and accountability, we have focused on employee empowerment and agility and building a diverse and inclusive workplace. These efforts resulted in our being named in several best workplace lists globally in 2023 and 2024. Additionally, we have been making further strides in advancing our environmental, social and governance ESG agenda to drive sustainability across the organization and recently published our third annual ESG report in the third quarter of 2024. For more information on our ESG strategy, goals, performance, and achievements, please visit Our Company ESG Report at https://www.integralife.com/esg-report. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference herein and is not part of this Quarterly Report. 
 New Product Introductions and Research and Development Updates 
 We continue to invest in collecting clinical evidence to support our existing products and new product launches, and to ensure that we obtain market access for broader and more cost-effective solutions. 
 Neurosurgical Solutions and Surgical Instruments. The CSS business consists of a broad portfolio of market-leading brands, such as Codman , DuraGen , DuraSeal , CUSA , Mayfield , Bactiseal , and Certas Plus, which are used for the management of multiple disease states, including brain tumors, traumatic brain injury, hydrocephalus and other neurological conditions. The growth in this business in recent years has been fueled by geographic expansion and new product registrations in markets, such as China, Japan, and Europe, which we expect to continue in the near-to-long term. Because our electromechanical products and instruments address significant needs in surgical procedures and limit uncertainty for surgeons, we continue to invest in registrations, clearances, and approvals for new indications and next generation improvements to our market-leading products. We have several active programs focused on life cycle management and innovation for capital and disposable products in our portfolio. Our product development efforts are focused on core clinical applications in cerebrospinal fluid CSF management, neuro-critical care monitoring, minimally invasive instruments and electrosurgery and ultrasonic medical technologies, as well as our ambition to transform the standard of care in neurosurgery with product advancements in minimally invasive surgery MIS and the surgical management of intracerebral hemorrhage ICH ). Our lighting franchise is among the most dynamic in the industry. 
 We are focused on the development of core clinical applications in our electromechanical technologies portfolio. We continue to update our CUSA Clarity platform by incorporating new ultrasonic handpiece and integrated electrosurgical capabilities. We have made several enhancements to our CUSA Clarity Tissue Ablation System. The extended laparoscopic tip was launched in the U.S. to enhance laparoscopic liver procedures. In addition, a single-sided bone tip received 510(k) clearance from the FDA. Commercial launch was completed successfully in early 2023. In August 2023, we launched a modified 23 kHz CUSA Electrosurgery Module CEM for Clarity handpieces that can be used with additional electrosurgery generators. We continue to work with several instrument partners to bring new surgical instrument platforms to the market. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 We also continued to advance the early-stage technology platforms we acquired in 2019. Through the acquisition of Arkis Biosciences, Inc. Arkis we added a platform technology, CerebroFlo external ventricular drainage EVD ), a catheter with Endexo technology, a permanent additive designed to reduce the potential for catheter obstruction due to thrombus formation. The CerebroFlo EVD catheter has demonstrated an average of 99 less thrombus accumulation onto its surface, in vitro, compared to a market leading EVD catheter. Our work to combine our Bactiseal antimicrobial technology with the Endexo anti-occlusive technology continues to progress for both a silicone-based hydrocephalus and EVD project. 
 We also continued to advance our innovation from the Rebound Therapeutics Corporation Rebound Therapeutics ), which was acquired in 2019. Rebound Therapeutics specializes in a single-use medical device, known as the Aurora Surgiscope, which is the only tubular retractor system designed for cranial surgery with an integrated access channel, camera and lighting. The 9mm Surgiscope received 510(k) clearance from the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Regenerative Technologies. We were the first company to receive an FDA claim for regeneration of dermal tissue and are a world leader in regenerative technology. Our regenerative technology development program applies our expertise in bioengineering to a range of biomaterials including natural materials such as purified collagen, intact human or animal tissues, honey as well as resorbable synthetic polymers with our DuraSorb and DuraSeal product lines. These unique product designs are used for neurosurgical and reconstructive surgical applications, as well as dermal regeneration, including the healing of chronic and acute wounds, tendon and nerve repair. Our regenerative technology platform includes our legacy Integra Dermal Regeneration Template IDRT products and complementary technologies that we have acquired. Our collagen manufacturing capability, combined with our history of innovation, including our launch of NeuraGen 3D, provides us with strong platform technologies for multiple indications. 
 In the third quarter of 2021, we filed a PMA application for a specific indication for Surgimend in the use of post-mastectomy breast reconstruction and in July 2024 received approvable pending GMP status from FDA, which approved and closed out the clinical portion of this PMA application. In 2022, we acquired SIA, which has also submitted a PMA application for DuraSorb with IBBR, and in June 2023 we completed enrollment in the DuraSorb U.S. investigational device exemption clinical study for two-stage breast reconstruction; the primary follow-up period is one year after device implantation. By offering two distinct product solutions, we believe we have the opportunity to build a leading position in the IBBR market. We hope to secure approval for DuraSorb in 2025. For SurgiMend , we cannot predict an approval date because of the timeline of restarting manufacturing at the Braintree facility. 
 Additionally, in 2022, we launched NeuraGen 3D Nerve Guide Matrix, a resorbable implant for repair of peripheral nerve discontinuities and engineered to create an optimized environment for nerve regeneration. Following the completion of design control activities in 2022, we launched both Cytal and MicroMatrix in Europe in 2023. In 2023, the Company received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for MicroMatrix Flex, which is now commercially available in the U.S. as of March 2024. 
 European Union Medical Device Regulation Updates 
 As part of our ongoing efforts to remain compliant, the Company continues to work towards European Union Medical Device Regulation EU MDR certifications. In 2023, the Company received EU MDR certification in the CSS segment for Hakim Programmable Valves, Certas Plus without Bactiseal catheters, and DuraSeal Dural, as well as IDRT and BioPatch for the TT segment. In 2024, the Company also received EU MDR certification for DuraGen Suturable for the CSS segment and MicroMatrix, as well as Cytal for the TT segment. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 FDA Matters 
 On March 7, 2019, TEI Biosciences, Inc. TEI ), one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, received a Warning Letter (the 2019 Warning Letter ), dated March 6, 2019, from the FDA. The 2019 Warning Letter related to quality systems issues at TEI s manufacturing facility located in Boston, Massachusetts (the Boston facility ). The Boston facility manufactures extracellular bovine matrix products in our TT segment that are sold both in wound reconstruction and care and in private label channels. The letter resulted from an inspection held at that facility in October and November 2018 and did not identify any new observations that were not already provided in the Form 483 that followed the inspection. We submitted our initial response to the 2019 Warning Letter on March 28, 2019 and provide regular progress reports to the FDA as to its corrective actions. On October 28, 2021, the FDA initiated an inspection of the facility and at the conclusion of the inspection, issued an FDA Form 483 on November 12, 2021 (the 2021 Form 483 ). We provided an initial response to the inspection observations. On March 1, 2023, the FDA commenced an inspection of the Boston facility and issued an FDA Form 483 at the conclusion of this inspection (the 2023 Form 483 ). In May 2023, after consultation with the FDA, The Company initiated a voluntary global recall of all products manufactured at the Boston facility, including PriMatrix , SurgiMend , Revize , and TissueMend , distributed between March 1, 2018 and May 22, 2023. On July 19, 2023, TEI received a Warning Letter, dated July 17, 2023, from the FDA related to quality system issues at the Boston facility (the 2023 Warning Letter ). The 2023 Warning Letter did not identify any new observations that had not already been provided in the 2023 Form 483. The Company has submitted periodic responses to the FDA for both the 2023 Form 483 and the 2023 Warning Letter. We are committed to resolving the matters identified in the Warning Letters and Form 483s and are continuing our significant efforts to remediate the observations. 
 Although the Warning Letters do not restrict the Company s ability to seek FDA 510(k) clearance of products, PMAs for Class III devices to which the quality system regulation violations are reasonably related will not be approved until the violations have been addressed. We cannot give any assurances that the FDA will be satisfied with our response to the issues identified by the FDA or as to the expected date of the resolution of such issues. Until the issues cited by the FDA are resolved to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA may initiate additional regulatory action without further notice. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively manufacturing, marketing and selling our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As required by the 2023 Warning Letter, we retained an outside expert consultant to perform an audit of the Boston facility in March 2024. Since receiving the third-party audit findings for the Boston facility in March, the Company has reassessed its plans and timeline to resume the manufacture of PriMatrix and SurgiMend . In parallel, the Company has been furthering its plans to complete the construction and operationalization of its new tissue manufacturing facility in Braintree, Massachusetts. The Company announced in the second quarter of 2024 that it no longer plans to restart the manufacture of PriMatrix and SurgiMend at its Boston facility and will, instead, restart manufacturing of these products at the Braintree facility. The Company expects to operationalize the Braintree facility in the first half of 2026. As a result of these decisions, in the second quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a 4.6 million impairment charge, comprised of a 1.7 million impairment of an operating lease right-of-use asset and a 2.9 million write-off of fixed assets, which was recorded as a component of cost of goods sold in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. For further detail on the impairment, see Note 10. Leases and Related Party Leases . 
 The Company elected to perform impairment testing on certain definite-lived intangibles and goodwill in the first quarter of 2024, which resulted in an intangible impairment of 7.1 million. For further detail on the impairment testing, see Note 5. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets . 
 Revenues of products manufactured in the Boston facility for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 5.3 of consolidated revenues. 
 Optimization and Integration Activities 
 As a result of our ongoing acquisition strategy and significant growth in recent years, we have undertaken cost-saving initiatives to consolidate manufacturing operations, distribution facilities and transfer activities, eliminate duplicative positions, realign various sales and marketing activities, and expand and upgrade production capacity for our regenerative technology products. These efforts are expected to continue and while we expect a positive impact from ongoing restructuring, integration, and manufacturing transfer and expansion activities, such results remain uncertain. 
 As a result of both audits by regulatory agencies as well as our own reviews of the company s quality management system, we are in the process of implementing a Compliance Master Plan (the CMP ), a systematic and holistic approach to improving our quality management system across our manufacturing and supply network. The primary objectives of the CMP are to remediate quality system gaps, harmonize the quality management system across the company, and enhance the quality culture at the company. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Executive Summary 
 Net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was (10.7) million and (26.4) million, or (0.14) and (0.34) per diluted share, as compared to net income of 19.5 million and 47.9 million or 0.24 and 0.59 per diluted share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was driven by impacts from quality and operational issues, along with costs related to the Acclarent acquisition. 
 Special Charges 
 Income before taxes includes the following special charges : 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Dollars in thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Acquisition, divestiture and integration-related charges 7,810 5,832 31,361 18,056 Structural optimization charges 5,739 3,729 15,112 9,868 EU medical device regulation 10,578 13,490 35,109 34,172 Boston recall / Braintree transition (1) 
 9,933 7,800 33,676 38,841 Total 34,060 30,851 115,258 100,937 (1) This primarily includes idle capacity charges, inventory write offs, site transfer costs, quality remediation costs, right of use and fixed asset impairments. 
 
 The items reported above are reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of operations as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Dollars in thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of goods sold 17,803 11,223 55,689 50,437 Research and development 3,218 5,448 14,645 13,878 Selling, general and administrative 13,056 14,302 45,021 37,371 Other income (17) (122) (97) (749) Total 34,060 30,851 115,258 100,937 
 We typically define special charges as items for which the amounts and/or timing of such expenses may vary significantly from period to period, depending upon our acquisition, divestiture, integration and restructuring activities, and for which the amounts are non-cash in nature and are not expected to recur at the same magnitude. We believe that given our ongoing strategy of seeking acquisitions, our continuing focus on rationalizing our existing manufacturing and distribution infrastructure and our continuing review of various product lines in relation to our current business strategy, some of the special charges discussed above could recur with similar materiality in the future. 
 We believe that the separate identification of these special charges provides important supplemental information to investors regarding financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. Investors may find this information useful in assessing the comparability of our operating performance from period to period, against the business model objectives that management has established, and against other companies in our industry. We provide this information to investors so that they can analyze our operating results in the same way that management does and to use this information in their assessment of our core business and valuation of the Company. 
 Revenues and Gross Margin 
 The Company s revenues and gross margin on product revenues were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Dollars in thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 Segment Net Sales Codman Specialty Surgical 270,782 268,205 828,977 787,371 Tissue Technologies 110,052 114,216 338,904 357,163 Total revenues 380,834 382,421 1,167,881 1,144,534 Cost of goods sold 180,596 164,076 534,892 486,292 Gross margin on total revenues 200,238 218,345 632,989 658,242 Gross margin as a percentage of total revenues 52.6 57.1 54.2 57.5 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 as Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues and Gross Margin 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, total revenues decreased by 1.6 million to 380.8 million from 382.4 million for the same period in 2023. Excluding the impacts of the Acclarent acquisition, the Boston recall and foreign currency impact, revenues declined low double digits compared to the same period in the previous year, driven by impacts from quality and operational issues. 
 In the CSS segment, revenues were 270.8 million which was an increase of 2.6 million, or 1.0 as compared to the prior-year period, inclusive of 31.0 million related to the Acclarent acquisition. Excluding the impact of the Acclarent acquisition, the Neurosurgery portfolio declined low double digits, primarily driven by lower sales due to temporary shipping holds in CSF Management and Dural Access Repair. 
 In the TT segment, revenues were 110.1 million which was an decrease of 4.2 million, or 3.6 from the prior-year period. Excluding the impact of the Boston recall, the TT segment decreased high single-digits as compared to the same period in the prior year. This is primarily attributable to a decline in Integra Skin due to production challenges, partially offset by growth in our private label business, MicroMatrix Cytal, and Durasorb. 
 Gross margin was 200.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 18.1 million from 218.3 million for the same period in 2023. Gross margin as a percentage of revenues was 52.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 57.1 for the same period in 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, gross margins were impacted by expenses associated with quality and operational issues. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, gross margins were impacted by expenses associated with the Boston recall. 
 Operating Ex penses 
 The following is a summary of operating expenses as a percent of total revenues: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Research and development 7.2 7.0 Selling, general and administrative 46.5 42.3 Intangible asset amortization 1.0 0.8 Total operating expenses 54.7 50.1 
 Total operating expenses, which consist of research and development, selling, general and administrative, and amortization expenses, increased by 16.6 million, or 8.7 , to 208.4 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 191.8 million in the same period in 2023. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 0.8 million as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 15.2 million as compared to the same period in the prior year due to higher spending in commercial selling activities for both legacy and Acclarent products. 
 Intangible Asset Amortization 
 Amortization expense (excluding amounts reported in cost of product revenues for technology-based intangible assets) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.8 million compared to 3.2 million for the same period in the prior year. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Non-Operating Income and Expenses 
 The following is a summary of non-operating income and expenses: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Dollars in thousands 2024 2023 Interest income 5,049 4,607 Interest expense (19,373) (13,062) Other income, net 2,112 471 Total non-operating income and expense (12,212) (7,984) 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 0.4 million as compared to the same period in the prior year . 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 6.3 million as compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to incremental borrowing to fund the Acclarent acquisition. 
 Other Income, net 
 Other income, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1.6 million compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily driven by favorable foreign exchange impact. 
 Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Dollars in thousands 2024 2023 Income before income taxes (20,362) 18,609 Income tax (benefit) expense (9,667) (888) Effective tax rate 47.5 (4.8) 
 The Company s effective income tax rates for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 47.5 and (4.8) , respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the higher tax rate is primarily due to the limitation of foreign tax credits in the U.S. and the limitation of federal tax credits in Switzerland, caused by lower three month book income, as compared to the previous year. For the three months ended September 30, 2023,the primary drivers of the lower tax rate relate to a reduction to book income in higher-taxed jurisdictions and a 3.3 million benefit related to the filing of prior year tax returns. 
 The effective tax rate may vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of taxable earnings and losses, tax planning and settlements with various taxing authorities. We consider these factors and others, including the Company s history of generating taxable earnings, in assessing our ability to realize tax assets on a quarterly basis. 
 Additionally, changes to income tax laws and regulations, in any of the tax jurisdictions in which the Company operates, could impact the effective tax rate. Various governments, both U.S. and non-U.S., are increasingly focused on tax reform and revenue-raising legislation. The current U.S. administration has proposed tax reform which, if enacted, may increase the Company s U.S. federal income tax liability. Further, legislation in foreign jurisdictions may be enacted, in response to the base erosion and profit-shifting project begun by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD ). Such changes in the U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions could have an adverse effect on the Company's effective tax rate. 
 The OECD released model rules related to a new 15 global minimum tax regime Pillar 2 ). Several of the jurisdictions in which we operate have already adopted some form of the model rules, which could impact the amount of taxes that the Company pays during 2024 and future taxable periods. The rules are complex and provide for delays for implementing the tax during the early transition years, if certain conditions are met. At this time, the Company is projecting an immaterial expense related to Pillar 2 tax liability for the 2024 year. The Company will continue to analyze the new Pillar 2 laws and any related guidance to determine potential impacts. Such changes in U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions could have an adverse effect on the Company s effective tax rate. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 While it is often difficult to predict the outcome or the timing of the resolution of a particular matter with the various federal, state, and foreign tax authorities, we believe that our reserves reflect the most probable outcome of known tax contingencies. Settlement of a particular issue would usually require the use of cash. A favorable resolution would be recognized as a reduction to our annual effective tax rate in the year of resolution. The Company s tax reserves are presented in the balance sheet within other liabilities, except for amounts relating to items that we expect to pay in the coming year, which would be classified as current income taxes payable. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 as Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues and Gross Margin 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total revenues increased by 23.3 million to 1,167.9 million from 1,144.5 million for the same period in 2023. Excluding the impacts of the Acclarent acquisition, the Boston recall and foreign currency impact, revenues declined low single digits compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily driven by impacts from quality and operational issues. 
 In the CSS segment, revenues were 829.0 million, an increase of 41.6 million, or 5.3 from the prior period, inclusive of 62.3 million related to the Acclarent acquisition, and 5.2 million unfavorable foreign currency impact on revenue. Excluding these impacts, the Neurosurgery portfolio revenues declined low single digits, primarily driven by lower sales due to temporary shipping holds in CSF Management and Dural Access Repair. 
 In the TT segment, revenues were 338.9 million, a decrease of 18.3 million, or 5.1 from the prior-year period. Excluding the impact of the Boston recall, the TT segment decreased mid single digits as compared to the same period in the prior year. This is primarily attributable to a decline in Integra Skin due to production challenges, partially offset by growth in our private label business, MicroMatrix Cytal, and Durasorb. 
 Gross margin was 633.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 25.3 million from 658.2 million for the same period in 2023. Gross margin as a percentage of total revenue decreased to 54.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 57.5 in the same period in 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, gross margins were impacted by impairment charges associated with the Boston recall, Acclarent inventory step up, and expenses associated with quality and operational issues. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 gross margins were impacted by expenses associated with the Boston recall. 
 Operating Expenses 
 The following is a summary of operating expenses as a percent of total revenues: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Research and development 7.2 7.0 Selling, general and administrative 46.1 43.1 Intangible asset amortization 1.5 0.8 Total operating expenses 54.8 50.9 
 Total operating expenses, which consist of selling, general and administrative expenses, research and development expenses, and amortization expenses, increased by 57.4 million, or 9.8 to 640.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 582.8 million in the same period in 2023. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 4.3 million as compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to the Acclarent acquisition. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative costs increased by 45.0 million as compared to the same period in the prior year driven primarily by Acclarent acquisition costs and related commercial activities, as well as higher spending in commercial selling activities for legacy products. 
 Intangible Asset Amortization 
 Amortization expense (excluding amounts reported in cost of product revenues for technology-based intangible assets) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 17.6 million compared to 9.3 million for the same period in the prior year. The increase is driven by the impairment of customer relationship intangible related to our Boston facility of 7.1 million. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 We expect total annual amortization expense to be approximately 25.6 million for the remainder of 2024, 102.4 million in 2025, 102.2 million in 2026, 101.2 million in 2027, 97.6 million in 2028, 92.4 million in 2029 and 511.8 million thereafter. 
 Non-Operating Income and Expenses 
 The following is a summary of non-operating income and expenses: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Dollars in thousands 2024 2023 Interest income 15,147 12,653 Interest expense (51,648) (37,626) Other income, net 2,939 1,705 Total non-operating income and expense (33,562) (23,268) 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 2.5 million as compared to the same period in the prior year due to higher interest rates. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interes t expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 14.0 million as compared to the same period in the prior year mainly due to incremental borrowing for the Acclarent acquisition. 
 Other Income, net 
 Other income, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 1.2 million as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily driven by favorable foreign exchange impact. 
 Income Taxes 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Dollars in thousands 2024 2023 Income before income taxes (40,778) 52,211 Income tax (benefit) expense (14,399) 4,304 Effective tax rate 35.3 8.2 
 The Company s effective income tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 35.3 and 8.2 , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the higher tax rate is primarily due to the limitation of foreign tax credits in the U.S. and the limitation of federal tax credits in Switzerland, caused by lower book income and a 1.9 million shortfall from stock-based compensation, as compared to the prior year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the primary drivers of the lower tax rate relate to a reduction to book income in higher-taxed jurisdictions and a 3.8 million benefit related to the filing of prior year tax returns. 
 
 GEOGRAPHIC PRODUCT REVENUES AND OPERATIONS 
 We attribute revenues to geographic areas based on the location of the customer. Total revenue by major geographic area consisted of the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Dollars in thousands 2024 2023 2024 2023 United States 290,192 269,838 856,646 817,622 Europe 34,368 41,524 116,653 120,040 Asia Pacific 37,052 48,777 132,548 146,956 Rest of World 19,222 22,282 62,034 59,916 Total Revenues 380,834 382,421 1,167,881 1,144,534 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 We generate significant revenues outside the U.S., a portion of which are U.S. dollar-denominated transactions conducted with customers that generate revenue in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a result, currency fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the currencies in which those customers do business could have an impact on the demand for our products in foreign countries. Local economic conditions, regulatory compliance or political considerations, the effectiveness of our sales representatives and distributors, local competition and changes in local medical practice all may combine to affect our sales into markets outside the U.S. 
 Domestic revenues increased by 20.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. European sales decreased by 7.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. Sales to customers in Asia Pacific decreased by 11.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Sales to customers in the the Rest of World for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 3.1 million compared to the same period in the prior year . The increase in domestic revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily the result of the Acclarent acquisition, offset by a decline in sales of Integra Skin, Dural Access Repair, and CSF Management. The decrease in international revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was also the result of a decline in sales of Integra Skin, Dural Access Repair, and CSF Management. 
 Domestic revenues increased by 39.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. European sales decreased by 3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. Sales to customers in Asia Pacific decreased by 14.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Sales to customers in the Rest of World for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 2.1 million compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in domestic revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily the result of the Acclarent acquisition, offset by a decline in sales of Integra Skin, Dural Access Repair, and CSF Management. The decrease in international revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was also the result of a decline in sales of Integra Skin, Dural Access Repair, and CSF Management. The international revenues were impacted by 5.2 million of unfavorable foreign exchange impact. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Working Capital 
 Working capital consists of total current assets less total current liabilities as presented in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company s working capital as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was 187.0 million and 751.1 million, respectively. The decrease in working capital as compared to the prior year is primarily driven by 572.4 million of convertible notes, which became current during the year. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 The Company had cash and cash equivalents totaling approximately 215.2 million and 276.4 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively, which are valued based on Level 1 measurements in the fair value hierarchy. Level 1 inputs represent quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. At September 30, 2024, our non-U.S. subsidiaries held approximately 183.5 million of cash and cash equivalents that are available for use outside the U.S. The Company asserts that it has the ability and intends to indefinitely reinvest the undistributed earnings from its foreign operations unless there is no material tax cost to remit the earnings into the U.S. 
 Short Term Investments 
 The Company had short term investments, primarily consisting of time deposits, which are valued based on Level 1 measurements in the fair value hierarchy, totaling approximately 62.4 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 32.7 million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Dollars in thousands 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 78,642 81,205 Net cash used in investing activities (386,559) (36,949) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 245,013 (223,035) Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash 1,659 (4,150) 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities 
 Operating cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 2.6 million compared to the same period in 2023. Within operating cash flows, net income less non-cash adjustments decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 by approximately 75.2 million as compared to the same period in 2023 primarily driven by costs related to the Acclarent acquisition, as well as costs associated with quality and operational issues. 
 The changes in assets and liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net of business acquisitions, decreased cash flows by 19.0 million, mainly attributable to increases in prepaid and other current assets, and inventory, offset by decreases in accounts receivable. 
 The changes in assets and liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net of business acquisitions, decreased cash flows by 91.7 million, mainly attributable to increases in inventory, other current assets, and decreases in accrued expenses and other current liabilities due to reduced payments processed during the year. 
 Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
 Uses of cash from investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 74.8 million paid for capital expenditures to support the investment in the new Braintree facility, as well as improvement initiatives at a number of our manufacturing facilities, and other technology investments, 282.0 million related to the Acclarent acquisition, and 49.0 million related to short term investments. 
 Sources of cash from investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 19.3 million for short term investments converted to cash. 
 Uses of cash from investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to 42.3 million paid for capital expenditures to support operations improvement initiatives at a number of our manufacturing facilities and other information technology investments. 
 Sources of cash from investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were 5.4 million in proceeds from settlement of our net investment hedges. 
 Cash Flows Provided by or Used in Financing Activities 
 Uses of cash from financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the repayments of 147.2 million under our Senior Credit Facility and Securitization Facility, 50.0 million related to the repurchase of treasury stock of under the share repurchase agreements, and 11.9 million related to payment of a contingent consideration. In addition, the Company had 3.4 million in cash taxes paid for net equity settlements. 
 Sources of cash from financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 451.1 million proceeds from borrowings of long-term indebtedness and 6.4 million proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 Uses of cash from financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to the repurchase of treasury stock of 275.0 million under the share repurchase agreements, repayments of 85.9 million under our Senior Credit Facility and Securitization Facility. In addition, there was 7.6 million attributable to debt issuance costs, as well as 5.5 million in cash taxes paid for net equity settlements. 
 Sources of cash from financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were 146.9 million borrowing under our Senior Credit Facility and Securitization Facility and 4.1 million proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 Credit Agreement, Convertible Senior Notes, Securitization and Related Hedging Activities 
 See Note 6. Debt , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report) for a discussion of our Credit Agreement, the 2025 Notes and Securitization Facility and Note 7. Derivative Instruments , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report) for discussion of our hedging activities. 
 The Senior Credit Facility is subject to various financial and negative covenants and, at September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. Our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio was 3.99, with the covenant requirement at 4.5 at the end of September 30, 2024. Based on our current forecast for the next twelve months we expect to remain in compliance with the financial and negative covenants. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Share Repurchase Plan 
 See Note 11. Treasury Stock , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report) for further details of our share repurchase programs. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock since our formation. Our Senior Credit Facility limits the amount of dividends that we may pay. Any future determinations to pay cash dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. 
 Capital Resources 
 We believe that our cash and available borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility are sufficient to finance our operations and capital expenditures for the next 12 months and foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the growth of our business, the timing and introduction of new products and investments, strategic plans and acquisitions, among others. Additional sources of liquidity available to us include short term borrowings and the issuance of long term debt and equity securities. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that have or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to our interests. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 We will continue to have cash requirements to support seasonal working capital needs and capital expenditures, to pay interest, to service debt, and to fund acquisitions. As part of our ongoing operations, we enter into contractual arrangements that obligate us to make future cash payments. 
 Our primary obligations include principal and interest payments on the revolving credit facility and t erm loan component of the Senior Credit Facility, Securitization Facility and 2025 Notes. See Note 6. Debt , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report) for details. We also lease some of our manufacturing facilities and office buildings which have future minimum lease payments. See Note 10. Leases and Related Party Leases , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report) for a schedule of our future minimum lease payments. Amounts related to our other obligations, including employment agreements and purchase obligations were not material. 
 The Company has contingent consideration obligations related to prior and current year acquisitions and future pension contribution obligations. See Note 9. Retirement Plans , and Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report) for details. The associated obligations are not fixed. We also have a liability for uncertain tax benefits including interest and penalties. We cannot make a reliable estimate of the period in which the uncertain tax benefits may be realized. 
 
 OTHER MATTERS 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We based the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. The critical accounting estimates discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 did not materially change in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 Information regarding new accounting pronouncements is included in Note 1. Basis of Presentation , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report), and is applicable to the current period s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to various market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. To manage the volatility relating to these typical business exposures, we may enter into various derivative transactions when appropriate. We do not hold or issue derivative instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange and Other Rate Risks 
 We operate on a global basis and are exposed to the risk that changes in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are primarily exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to transactions and net assets denominated in Euros, British pounds, Swiss francs, Canadian dollars, Japanese yen, Mexican pesos, Brazilian reais, Australian dollars, and Chinese yuan. We manage the foreign currency exposure centrally, on a combined basis, which allows us to net exposures and to take advantage of any natural offsets. To mitigate the impact of currency fluctuations on transactions denominated in nonfunctional currencies, we periodically enter into derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency exchange forward contracts with major financial institutions. We temporarily record realized and unrealized gains and losses on these contracts that qualify as cash flow hedges in other comprehensive income, and then recognize them in other income or expense when the hedged item affects net earnings. 
 From time to time, we enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage currency exposures for transactions denominated in a currency other than an entity s functional currency. As a result, the impact of foreign currency gains/losses recognized in earnings are partially offset by gains/losses on the related foreign currency forward exchange contracts in the same reporting period. Refer to Note 7. Derivative Instruments , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report) for further information. 
 We maintain written policies and procedures governing our risk management activities. With respect to derivatives, changes in hedged items are generally expected to be completely offset by changes in the fair value of hedge instruments. Consequently, foreign currency exchange contracts would not subject us to material risk due to exchange rate movements, because gains and losses on these contracts offset gains and losses on the assets, liabilities or transactions being hedged. 
 The results of operations discussed herein have not been materially affected by inflation. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents - We are exposed to the risk of interest rate fluctuations on the interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents. A hypothetical 100 basis points movement in interest rates applicable to our cash and cash equivalents outstanding at September 30, 2024 would impact interest income by approximately 2.2 million on an annual basis. We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk with respect to cash balances maintained in foreign currencies. 
 Debt - Our interest rate risk relates primarily to U.S. dollar SOFR-indexed borrowings. We use interest rate swap derivative instruments to manage our earnings and cash flow exposure to changes in interest rates. These interest rate swaps fix the interest rate on a portion of our expected SOFR-indexed floating-rate borrowings. These interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedges as of September 30, 2024. The total notional amounts related to the Company's interest rate swaps were 1.3 billion with 625.0 million effective as of September 30, 2024. Based on our outstanding borrowings at September 30, 2024, a 100 basis points change in interest rates would have impacted interest expense on the unhedged portion of the debt by 6.4 million on an annualized basis. See Note 7. Derivative Instruments , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report) for further information regarding interest rate swaps. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Management has designed our disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 As required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b), we have carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 to provide such reasonable assurance. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 In response to business integration activities, we have and will continue to further align and streamline the design and operation of the financial control environment to be responsive to the changing business model. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Please refer to Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies, to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report) for further details on current legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes in our risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and subsequent periodic reports filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities: 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities: 
 The following table provides information about purchases by the Company during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of equity securities that are registered by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Subject to applicable law, share repurchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions including accelerated share repurchase agreements, or pursuant to instruments and plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, among other types of transactions and arrangements. 
 Issuer purchases of equity securities Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (1) 
 Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or program 07/01/2024 - 07/31/2024 (2) 
 446,075 24.81 446,075 50,000,000 (3) 
 08/01/2024 - 08/31/2024 09/01/2024 - 09/30/2024 Total 446,075 446,075 
 (1) On May 16, 2024, the Company entered into a 50 million accelerated share repurchase May 2024 ASR and received 1.3 million shares of common stock at the inception of the May 2024 ASR, which represented approximately 70 of the expected total shares under the May 2024 ASR. 
 (2) On July 30, 2024, the early exercise provision was exercised by the May 2024 ASR counterparty. The Company received an additional 0.4 million shares determined using the volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the term of the May 2024 ASR. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 (3) On July 18, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized a new 225 million share repurchase program, replacing the existing 225 million program authorized in April 2022, under which 75 million remained authorized at the time of its replacement. The program authorized in July 2023, which expires on December 31, 2025, allows the Company to repurchase its shares opportunistically from time to time. They May 2024 ASR was effected under this authorization. As of September 30, 2024, 50 million remained authorized under the July 2023 share repurchase authorization.The Company may utilize various methods to effect any repurchases, including open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, transactions structured through investment banking institutions, including accelerated share repurchases, or a combination of the foregoing, some of which may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The price and timing of any future purchases under the share repurchase program will depend on factors such as levels of cash generation from operations, the volume of stock option exercises by employees, cash requirements for acquisitions, dividends, economic and market conditions and stock price, and such repurchases may be discontinued at any time. 
 According to the terms of our Senior Credit Facility, our ability to declare or make any dividend payments is limited. See Note 6. Debt , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report) for a description of working capital restrictions and limitation on the payment of dividends. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibits 3.1(a) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated February 16, 1993 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(a) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005) 
 3.1(b) Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated May 22, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(b) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998) 
 3.1(c) Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated May 17, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(c) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004) 
 3.1(d) Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated December 21, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2016) 
 3.1 (e)+ Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restate d Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated May 9, 2024 
 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation, effective as of February 21, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 filed on February 22, 2023) 
 10.1 + Form of Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation Fifth Amended and Restated 2003 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 31.1+ Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2+ Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1+ Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2+ Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS+# XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH+# XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL+# XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF+# XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB+# XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE+# XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. + Indicates this document is filed as an exhibit herewith. # The financial information of Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 filed on November 4, 2024 formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Parenthetical Data to the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, is furnished electronically herewith. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION Date: November 4, 2024 /s/ Jan De Witte Jan De Witte President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 4, 2024 /s/ Lea Knight Lea Knight Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: November 4, 2024 /s/ Jeffrey A. Mosebrook Jeffrey A. Mosebrook Senior Vice President, Finance (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 52 

<EX-3.1(E)>
 2
 iart-20240930xexx31e.htm
 EX-3.1(E)

Document 
 Exhibit 3.1(e) 
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY 
 
 FIRST That the Board of Directors of the Corporation, acting in accordance with Sections 141 and 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware adopted a resolution to amend Article SEVENTH of the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amendment so that, as amended, it shall be read in its entirety as follows 
 
 SEVENTH A director or officer of the Corporation shall have no personal liability to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer except to the extent that Section 102(b)(7) (or any successor provision) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time, expressly provides that the liability of a director or officer may not be eliminated or limited. 
 
 SECOND That said Amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this certificate to be signed by Stuart M. Essig, Ph.D. its Chairman of the Board of Directors this 9th day of May, 2024. 
 
 INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION By s Stuart M. Essig, Ph.D. Stuart M. Essig, Ph.D. 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

</EX-3.1(E)>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 iart-20240930xexx101.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 Notice of Grant of Award and Award Agreement Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation 
 ID 51-0317849 
 1100 Campus Road 
 Princeton, New Jersey 08540 

Award Number Plan ID Effective , you have been granted Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) based on a closing price of US . These units are restricted until the vest dates shown below, at which time you will receive shares of Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation (the Company) common stock. 
 The award will vest in increments in the dates shown 
 Shares Full Vest Date 

By your signature and the Company s signature below, you and the Company agree that this Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Company s Award Plan as amended and the Award Agreement, all of which are attached and made a part of this document. 
 Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation 
 
 Date 

Exhibit 10.1 

 INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION CONTRACT STOCK RESTRICTED UNITS AGREEMENT Pursuant to 2003 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 CONTRACT STOCK RESTRICTED UNITS AGREEMENT, dated as of , by and between Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and (the Executive ). 
 WHEREAS, the Company maintains the Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation Fifth Amended and Restated 2003 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), the terms of which are hereby incorporated by reference and made part of this Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Plan provides for the award of Contract Stock on the terms and conditions set forth therein and 
 WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that, as an inducement to the Executive to enter into or remain in the service of the Company, it would be to the advantage and in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders to grant to Executive an aggregate of shares of Contract Stock under the Plan in the form of restricted units (the Units ), representing the right to receive an equal number of shares of common stock of the Company, par value .01 per share Common Stock ), on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration the legal sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan, unless otherwise indicated. 
 2. Grant of Units . Executive is hereby granted, as of (the Grant Date ), deferred compensation in the form of Units pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Plan. The Executive s right to receive the shares of Common Stock underlying the Units shall be subject to forfeiture as provided in Section 4 of this Agreement. 
 3. Vesting . 
 (a) Subject to paragraph (b) and Section 4 below, the Units shall vest in cumulative installments as follows 
 (i) of the Units shall vest on the anniversary of the Grant Date 
 (ii) of the Units shall vest on the anniversary of the Grant Date and 
 1 

Exhibit 10.1 

 (iii) of the Units shall vest on the anniversary of the Grant Date 
 (b) One hundred percent (100 of the then outstanding Units shall vest in the event that 
 (i) Executive incurs a Termination of Service (as defined below) (1) by reason of the Executive s Disability (as defined in the Plan), or (2) by reason of the Executive s death 
 (ii) a Change in Control occurs, and the Executive incurs a Qualifying Termination on or within twenty-four (24) months following the date of such Change in Control. 
 (c) For purposes of this Agreement, Qualifying Termination means a Termination of Service by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason. 
 (d) For purposes of this Agreement, Termination of Service shall mean the time when the Executive ceases to provide services to the Company and its Related Corporations and Affiliates as an employee or Associate for any reason with or without Cause, including, but not by way of limitation, a termination by resignation, discharge, death, or disability. A Termination of Service shall not include a termination where the Executive is simultaneously reemployed by, or remains employed by, or continues to provide services to, the Company and or one or more of its Related Corporations and Affiliates or a successor entity thereto. 
 4. Forfeiture of Units . Immediately upon (i) if prior to a Change in Control or more than 24 months following a Change in Control, in either case, a Termination of Service for any reason other than the Executive s death or Disability or (ii) if on or within 24 months following a Change in Control, a Termination of Service for any reason other than the Executive s death, Disability or Qualifying Termination, the Executive shall forfeit any and all Units which have not vested or do not vest on or prior to such termination, and the Executive s rights in any such Units which are not so vested shall terminate, lapse and expire (including the Executive s right to receive the shares underlying such Units). 
 5. Dividend Equivalents . Executive shall be entitled to receive, with respect to all outstanding vested Units (as such Units may be adjusted under Section 9), dividend equivalent amounts equal to the regular quarterly cash dividend payable to holders of Common Stock (to the extent regular quarterly cash dividends are paid) as if Executive were an actual shareholder with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock equal to his outstanding vested Units. Such dividend equivalent amounts shall be aggregated on a quarterly basis while the Units are outstanding and paid to Executive within thirty (30) days following the first business day that occurs immediately following the 6-month period after the date of Executive s separation from service from the Company (within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and its corresponding regulations) (a Separation from Service ). For the avoidance of doubt, such dividend equivalent amounts shall only be paid with respect to Units that are vested as of the applicable dividend payment date, and 
 2 

Exhibit 10.1 

 Executive shall not be entitled to receive any dividend equivalent amounts with respect to Units that are not vested as of such dividend payment date. The dividend equivalents and any amounts that may become payable in respect thereof shall be treated separately from the Units and the rights arising in connection therewith for purposes of the designation of time and form of payments required by Code Section 409A. 
 6. Payment of Units . 
 (a) The shares of Common Stock underlying Units which are then vested under Section 3 shall be paid out to Executive within thirty (30) days following the first business day that occurs immediately following the 6-month period after the date of Executive s Separation from Service. 
 (b) All payments of shares of Common Stock underlying Units Unit Shares shall be made by the Company in the form of whole shares of Common Stock, and any fractional share shall be distributed in cash in an amount equal to the value of such fractional share determined based on the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) as of the date immediately prior to such distribution. 
 (d) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, Executive shall not be deemed to be a holder of any Common Stock pursuant to a Unit until the date of the issuance of a certificate to him for such shares and, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, Executive shall not have any rights to dividends or any other rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares of Common Stock covered by a Unit until such shares of Common Stock have been issued to him, which issuance shall not be unreasonably delayed. 
 (e) The Company shall be entitled to withhold in cash, shares or deduction from other compensation payable to the Executive any sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be withheld with respect to the grant, vesting, distribution or payment of the Units or the Unit Shares. In satisfaction of the foregoing requirement with respect to the grant, vesting, distribution or payment of the Units or Unit Shares, to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code, including Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(vi), the Company shall withhold shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon payment of the Units having a Fair Market Value equal to the sums required to be withheld. In the event that the number of shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the sums required to be withheld is not a whole number of shares, the number of shares so withheld shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share. 
 (f) Executive s right to receive payment of any amounts under this Agreement shall be an unfunded entitlement and shall be an unsecured claim against the general assets of the Company. 
 (g) After payment in accordance with this Section 6, the Unit Shares may not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by Executive for a period of five days after receipt of such shares by Executive, except that no such restrictions shall apply in the case of a Change in Control or in the event that Unit Shares are sold or withheld in order to satisfy any obligations 
 3 

Exhibit 10.1 

 Executive may have with respect to any applicable tax withholding requirements on vesting or receipt of Unit Shares (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 6(e) above). 
 7. Clawback . Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, the Units and shares of Common Stock represented by the Units shall be subject to the provisions of any clawback, repayment or recapture policy implemented by the Company, including any such policy adopted to comply with applicable law (including without limitation the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) or securities exchange listing standards and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, to the extent set forth in such policy and or in any notice or agreement relating to the Units and shares of Common Stock under the Plan. 
 8. Representations . The Company represents and warrants that this Agreement has been authorized by all necessary action of the Company, has been approved by the Board and is a valid and binding agreement of the Company enforceable against it in accordance with its terms and that the Unit Shares will be issued pursuant to and in accordance with the Plan, will be listed with NASDAQ or the principal United States securities exchange on which the Common Stock is admitted to trading, and will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares. The Company further represents and warrants that the grant of Units under this Agreement has been approved by the Company s Compensation Committee, that the Plan has and will have sufficient shares available to effect the distribution of the Unit Shares. 
 9. No Right to Employment . Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon Executive the right to remain in employ of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company. 
 10. Nontransferability . This Agreement shall not be assignable or transferable by the Company (other than to successors of the Company) and this Agreement and the Units shall not be assignable or transferable by the Executive otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and the Units may be paid out during the lifetime of the Executive only to him. More particularly, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Units may not be assigned, transferred (except as provided in the preceding sentence), pledged, or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise), and shall not be subject to execution, attachment or similar process. Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition of the Units contrary to the provisions of this Agreement, and any levy of any attachment or similar process upon the Units, shall be null and void and without effect. 
 11. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains all the understandings between the parties hereto pertaining to the matters referred to herein, and supersedes all undertakings and agreements, whether oral or in writing, previously entered into by them with respect thereto. The Executive represents that, in executing this Agreement, he does not rely and has not relied upon any representation or statement not set forth herein made by the Company with regard to the subject matter, basis or effect of this Agreement or otherwise. 
 12. Amendment or Modification Waiver . No provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified or waived unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing, signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized officer of the Company, and such waiver is set 
 4 

Exhibit 10.1 

 forth in writing and signed by the party to be charged. No waiver by any party hereto of any breach by another party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of a similar or dissimilar condition or provision at the same time, any prior time or any subsequent time. 
 13. Notices . Any notice to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally, sent by courier or telecopy or registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed to the party concerned at the address indicated below or to such other address as such party may subsequently give notice of hereunder in writing 
 To the Executive at Executive s most recent address on the records of the Company 
 To the Company 
 Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation 
 1100 Campus Road Princeton NJ 08540 
 Attention Chairman Facsimile 609-275-9006 
 (with a copy to the Company s General Counsel) 
 Any notice delivered personally or by courier under this Section 13 shall be deemed given on the date delivered and any notice sent by telecopy or registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, shall be deemed given on the date telecopied or mailed. 
 14. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any such provision to any party or circumstances shall be determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid and unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement or the application of such provision to such person or circumstances, other than those to which it is so determined to be invalid and unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each provision hereof shall be validated and shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 15. Noncontravention . The Company represents that the Company is not prevented from entering into, or performing, this Agreement by the terms of any law, order, rule or regulation, its certificate of incorporation or by-laws, or any agreement to which it is a party. 
 16. Survivorship . The respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall survive any termination of this Agreement or Executive s employment to the extent necessary for the intended preservation of such rights and obligations. 
 17. Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each successor of the Company, and upon the Executive s beneficiaries, legal representatives or estate, as the case may be. 
 5 

Exhibit 10.1 

 18. Construction . Except as would be in conflict with any specific provision herein, this Agreement is made under and subject to the provisions of the Plan as in effect on the Grant Date and, except as would conflict with the provisions of this Agreement, all of the provisions of the Plan as in effect on the Grant Date are hereby incorporated herein as provisions of this Agreement. In the event of any such conflict, the terms of this Agreement shall govern. 
 19. Governing Law . This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. 
 20. Headings . All descriptive headings of sections and paragraphs in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and they form no part of this Agreement and shall not affect its interpretation. 
 21. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 22. Section 409A of the Code . This Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and shall in all respects be administered and interpreted in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, payment may only be made under the Agreement upon an event and in a manner permitted by Section 409A of the Code. If a payment is not made by the designated payment date under the Agreement, the payment shall be made by December 31 of the calendar year in which the designated date occurs. Any payment to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made upon a Separation from Service. To the extent that any provision of the Agreement would cause a conflict with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or would cause the administration of the Agreement to fail to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A, such provision shall be deemed null and void to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
 
 Signature page follows 
 6 

Exhibit 10.1 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Contract Stock Restricted Units Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 INTEGRA LIFESCIENCES HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

By ___________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

EXECUTIVE 

Signature Page to Contract Stock Restricted Units Agreement 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 iart-20240930xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jan De Witte, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 s Jan De Witte Jan De Witte President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 iart-20240930xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Lea Knight, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 s Lea Knight Lea Knight Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 iart-20240930xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jan De Witte, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirement of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 s Jan De Witte Jan De Witte President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 iart-20240930xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lea Knight, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirement of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 s Lea Knight Lea Knight Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 iart-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 iart-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 iart-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 iart-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 iart-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

