<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1845942_0001731122-24-001810.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4420629</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>152516</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>841895</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1109936</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>997554</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1236457</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-24-001810.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114163051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-24-001810
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bannix Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001845942
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40790
		FILM NUMBER:		241463151

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 TICE BLVD
		CITY:			WOODCLIFF LAKE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07677
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2017129800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 TICE BLVD
		CITY:			WOODCLIFF LAKE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07677

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-24-001810.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 e6108_10-q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period
ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from to 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation) 
 
 (Commission File Number) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 
 , . 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

N/A 
 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading 
Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

As of November 14, 2024,
 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 

 FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 3 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 38 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 38 
 
 Part II. Other Information 
 39 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 39 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 41 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 41 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 41 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 42 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 43 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

BANNIX ACQUISITION
CORP. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expense and other 

Total Current Assets 

Cash held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Excise tax payable 

Promissory notes - Evie 

Due to related parties 

Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Deferred underwriters discount 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Common stock subject to possible redemption and at redemption value on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding 

Common stock, par value ; authorized shares; issued and shares; and outstanding shares (excluding and shares subject to redemption, respectively, on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and Treasury Stock shares) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Less Treasury Stock; at cost; common shares 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 
UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income on trust account 

Gain on forgiven of payables 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Total other income, net 

(Loss) income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 
UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

Common stock 

Share (1) 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Treasury Stock 
 Total Stockholders Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2024 

Net loss 

Excise tax imposed on common stock redemptions 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Net loss 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Excise tax imposed on common stock redemptions 

Net loss 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2023 

Common stock 

Share (1) 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Treasury Stock 
 Total Stockholders Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2023 

Net income 

Excise tax imposed on common stock redemptions 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Net loss 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Net loss 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 
UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net used in in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Gain on forgiven payables 

() 

Interest income on Trust Account 

() 

() 
 
 Changes in current assets and current liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred tax payable 

() 
 
 Income taxes payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to Related Parties 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

() 

() 
 
 Redemptions from Trust Account 

Withdrawal from Trust Account to pay taxes 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from Financing Activities: 

Redemption of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

() 

() 
 
 Promissory notes Evie 

Advances from affiliated related parties 

Paid promissory note to Sponsor 

() 

Proceeds from promissory note to new Sponsors 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Income taxes paid 

Interest paid 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities: 

Accretion of common stock subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Excise tax liability accrued for common stock redemptions 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On May 19, 2023, the Company
entered into an Executive Retention Agreement with Mr. Davis, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors, providing
for an at-will employment arrangement that may be terminated by either party at any time, which provides for the payment of an annual
salary of to Mr. Davis. Additionally, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Subash Menon, a director of the Company,
for services in connection with the review and advice pertaining to the proposed Business Combination (discussed below) providing for
a payment in the amount of upon the closing of a Business Combination. 

On April 10, 2024, Erik Klinger
was appointed by the Company to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. There is no understanding or arrangement between
Mr. Klinger and any other person pursuant to which he was appointed as an executive officer. Mr. Klinger does not have any family
relationship with any director, executive officer or person nominated or chosen by us to become an executive officer. The employment of
Mr. Klinger is at will and may be terminated at any time, with or without formal cause. 

Initial Public Offering 

The registration statements
for the Company s IPO were declared effective on September 9, 2021 and September 10, 2021 (the Effective Date ). On
September 14, 2021, the Company consummated its IPO of units at 10.00 per unit (the Units ), which is discussed
in Note 2. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock (the Public Shares ), one redeemable warrant to purchase one share
of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one
share of common stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Concurrent with the IPO,
the Company consummated the issuance of 406,000 private placement units (the Private Placement Units as follows: the Company
sold 181,000 Private Placement Units to certain investors for aggregate cash proceeds of 2,460,000 and issued an additional 225,000 Private
Placement Units to the Former Sponsor in exchange for the cancellation of 1,105,000 in loans and a promissory note due to them (see Note
5). Each Private Placement Unit consists of one share of common stock, one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of common stock at
a price of 11.50 per whole share and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common
stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific
application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended
to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination. 

Trust Account and Extensions 

Following the closing of
the IPO on September 14, 2021, an amount of 69,690,000 10.10 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and
Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within
the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined
by the Company. The Company has since divested its investments in the Trust Account and placed the funds in an interest-bearing demand
deposit account. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to
pay its franchise and income tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), the proceeds from this offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Units will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (a) the completion of the
Company s initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and (c) the redemption of the Company s Public
Shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of this offering, or within
any period of extension, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of
the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public stockholders. 

March 8, 2023 Special
Meeting 

The Company held a Special
Meeting of Stockholders on March 8, 2023 (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, the stockholder approved the filing
of an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State (the Extension Amendment ),
to extend the date (the Extension by which the Company must (1) complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (an initial
Business Combination ), (2) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such initial Business
Combination and (3) redeem 100 of the Company s common stock common stock included as part of the units sold in
the Company s initial public offering that was consummated on September 14, 2021 (the IPO ), from March 14, 2023, and
to allow the Company, without another stockholder vote, to further extend the date to consummate a Business Combination on a monthly basis
up to twelve (12) times by an additional one (1) month each time after March 14, 2023 or later extended deadline date, by resolution of
the Company s board of directors (the Board ), if requested by Instant Fame upon five days advance notice prior
to the applicable deadline date, until March 14, 2024, or a total of up to twelve (12) months after March 14, 2023 (such date as extended,
the Deadline Date ), unless the closing of a Business Combination shall have occurred prior thereto. 

At the Special Meeting, stockholders
holding a total of shares of the Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion
of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, (approximately per share) was removed from the Company s
Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company had shares outstanding. 

March 8, 2024 Annual Meeting 

On March 8, 2024, the Company
held its Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company (the Annual Meeting ), whereby the Company s stockholders approved
an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State (the March 2024 Amendment ),
to extend the Deadline Date from March 14, 2024, as extended, and to allow the Company, without another stockholder vote, to further extend
the date to consummate a Business Combination on a monthly basis up to six (6) times by an additional one (1) month each time after March
14, 2024 or later extended deadline date, by resolution of the Company s Board of Directors, if requested by the Company s
Sponsor, until September 14, 2024, or a total of up to six (6) months after March 14, 2024, unless the closing of a Business Combination
shall have occurred prior thereto (the Extension Amendment ). 

Additionally, the Company s
stockholders approved an amendment to remove from the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation the redemption limitation
contained under Section 9.2(a) preventing the Company from closing a Business Combination if it would have less than 5,000,001 of net
tangible assets (the NTA Amendment ). 

As a result, (approximately per share) was removed from the Company s
Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company has shares outstanding. 

September 6, 2024 Special
Meeting 

On September 6, 2024, the
Company held a Special Meeting of Stockholders of the Company (the September 2024 Special Meeting ), whereby the Company s
stockholders approved an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State (the
 September 2024 Amendment ), to extend the Deadline Date from September 14, 2024, as extended, and to allow the Company, without
another stockholder vote, to further extend the date to consummate a Business Combination on a monthly basis up to six (6) times by an
additional one (1) month each time after September 14, 2024 or later extended deadline date, by resolution of the Company s Board
of Directors, if requested by the Company s Sponsor, until March 14, 2025, or a total of up to six (6) months after September 14,
2024, unless the closing of a Business Combination shall have occurred prior thereto (the September 2024 Extension Amendment ). 

Additionally, beginning in
September 2024, the Sponsor or its designees will deposit into the Trust Account, as a loan, or 0.05 per public share multiplied
by the number of public shares outstanding (the Contribution ), in connection with each Extension. 

As a result, (approximately per share) was
removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company has shares outstanding. 

In association with the Company s
special meetings and annual meeting, as of the filing of this Form 10-Q, the Company has deposited an aggregate of into the
Trust Account to extend the Deadline Date to November 14, 2024. 

Initial Business Combination 

The Company has until September
14, 2025 (unless extended) to (1) complete a Business Combination, (2) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it
fails to complete such Business Combination, and (3) redeem 100 of the Company s common stock included as part of the units sold
in the Company s initial public offering. 

The Company may extend the
Deadline Date, without another stockholder vote, to extend the date to consummate a Business Combination on a monthly basis up to one
(1) time by an additional one (1) month each time after September 14, 2024 or later extended Deadline Date, by resolution of the Company s
Board of Directors, if requested by the Company s Sponsor, until March 14, 2025, unless the closing of a Business Combination shall
have occurred prior thereto. 

In the event that the Company
receives notice from Instant Fame five days prior to the applicable deadline of its wish for the Company to effect an extension, the Company
intends to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, the Company
intends to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited.
Instant Fame and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete
the initial Business Combination. If the Company is unable to consummate the initial Business Combination within the applicable time period,
the Company will, promptly but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the funds
held in the Trust Account and promptly following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board
of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and
the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the rights and warrants will be worthless. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules,
any initial Business Combination must be approved by a majority of the independent directors. 

The Company anticipates structuring
the initial Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which the public stockholders own shares will own or acquire
substantially all of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. The Company may, however, structure the initial
Business Combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than substantially all of such interests or assets of
the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but the Company
will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, the stockholders prior to the initial Business Combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and the Company
in the Business Combination transaction. For example, the Company could pursue a transaction in which the Company issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of shares or other equity interests. In this case, the Company
would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, the
stockholders immediately prior to the initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of the outstanding shares subsequent
to the initial Business Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued
for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the initial Business Combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net
assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses even if the acquisitions of the target businesses are
not closed simultaneously. 

The Company cannot ascertain
the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds currently held in the Trust Account prove to be insufficient,
either because of the size of the Business Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, or
because the Company becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of the Public Shares upon consummation of the initial Business Combination,
the Company will be required to seek additional financing, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in
connection with such Business Combination. Furthermore, the Company may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred
stock to complete the initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan upon or after consummation of the initial Business
Combination. The Company does not have a maximum debt leverage ratio or a policy with respect to how much debt the Company may incur.
The amount of debt the Company will be willing to incur will depend on the facts and circumstances of the proposed Business Combination
and market conditions at the time of the potential Business Combination. At this time, the Company is not party to any arrangement or
understanding with any third party with respect to raising additional funds through the sale of the securities or the incurrence of debt.
Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, the Company would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation
of the initial Business Combination. 

Nasdaq rules require that
the initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at
least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding advisory fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account)
at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. If the board is not able to independently determine the fair
market value of the target business or businesses, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an
independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. The Company does not intend to purchase multiple businesses
in unrelated industries in connection with the initial Business Combination. 

The Company will provide
its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of the initial Business
Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) by means of
a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial Business Combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely at its discretion. The stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro
rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially 10.10 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations plus additional deposits to extend
the Combination Period). 

Related to the redemption
of the Company s public shares, the Company s has no limitation on its net tangible assets either immediately before or after
the consummation of the Business Combination. Redemptions of the Company s public shares may be subject to a net tangible asset
test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to a Business Combination. For example, the Business Combination may require:
(i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other
general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination.
In the event the aggregate cash consideration the Company would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted
for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination exceed the aggregate
amount of cash available to the Company, it will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of common
stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

The Sponsor, officers and
directors and Representative (as defined in Note 6) have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares
and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect
to their Founder Shares (as defined below) and Public Shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with
respect to their Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The Company s Sponsor
has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the
Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar
agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.95 per Public
Share (subject to increase of up to an additional 16,237 per month in the event that the Sponsors elects to extend the period of time
to consummate a Business Combination as set forth in the September 2024 Extension Amendment) and (ii) the actual amount per Public
Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.95 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, the Company has not asked its Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor has the Company independently verified whether its Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that
the Company s Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that its Sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. 

On May 10, 2023, the Company
engaged a law firm to assist with the proposed Business Combination with Evie Group (discussed below). The Company paid upon entering
into the agreement, upon Evie Group signing a definitive Business Combination agreement and the remaining was contingent
upon the closing of the Business Combination with Evie Group. Per termination of the proposed Business Combination with Evie Group, for
a reason, the specific engagement of the law firm for this task been canceled. 

In October 2024, the Company
deposited in the Trust Account and extended the Deadline Date to November 14, 2024. 

Proposed Business Combination
 Evie Group (Terminated) 

On June 23, 2023, the Company,
Evie Autonomous Group Ltd Evie Group ), and the shareholder of the Evie Group Evie Group Shareholder ), entered
into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement or BCA ), pursuant to which, subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions precedent in the Business Combination Agreement, the following transactions will occur:
the acquisition by Bannix of all of the issued and outstanding share capital of Evie Group from the Evie Group Shareholder in exchange
for the issuance of eighty-five million new shares of common stock of Bannix, par value per share (the Common Stock ),
pursuant to which Evie Group will become a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Bannix (the Share Acquisition ). 

Patent Purchase Agreement
(Terminated) 

On August 8, 2023 the Company
entered into a Patent Purchase Agreement PPA with GBT Tokenize Corp. Tokenize ), which is owned by GBT
Technologies Inc., which provided its consent, to acquire the entire rights, title, and interest of certain patents and patent applications
providing an intellectual property basis for a machine learning driven technology that controls radio wave transmissions, analyzes their
reflections data, and constructs 2D/3D images of stationary and in motion objects, (the Patents ). The closing date of the
PPA was planned to immediately follow the closing of the Transaction described in the proposed Business Combination Agreement. The Purchase
Price was set at of the consideration that the Company is paying to the shareholders of Evie Group under the Business Combination Agreement.
The BCA sets the consideration to be paid by the Company at million and, in turn, the consideration in the PPA to be paid to Tokenize
is million. 

Sponsor Support Agreement
 (Terminated) 

On August 7, 2023, Instant
Fame entered into a sponsor letter agreement Sponsor Letter Agreement with the Company, whereby Instant Fame agreed to,
among other things, support and vote in favor of the Business Combination Agreement and use its reasonable best efforts to take all other
actions necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sponsor
Letter Agreement. 

Transaction Support Agreement
 (Terminated) 

On August 7, 2023, Evie Group
entered into a transaction support agreement pursuant to which Evie Group s shareholder agreed to, among other things, support and
provide any necessary votes in favor of the Business Combination Agreement and ancillary agreements. 

Termination 

On March 11, 2024, the Bannix
sent EVIE Group and the EVIE Group Shareholder a notice providing that the Business Combination Agreement has been terminated as a result
of the failure of EVIE Group and the EVIE Group Shareholder to loan or procure a loan to Bannix as required pursuant to Section 5.21 of
the Business Combination Agreement. 

The Company is not obligated
to pay any penalties pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement as a result of the termination. The Sponsor Letter Agreement
entered between Bannix, Instant Fame LLC and EVIE Group dated August 7, 2023 and the Transaction Support Agreement between Bannix and
the EVIE Group Shareholder dated August 7, 2023 automatically terminated as a result of the termination of the Business Combination Agreement. 

As the PPA was contingent
upon Bannix closing the acquisition of EVIE and due to the termination of the proposed Business Combination, Bannix and Tokenize agreed
to terminate the PPA which was consented to by GBT. 

Proposed Business Combination
 VisionWave Technologies 

As previously disclosed,
on March 26, 2024, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Original Agreement ), by and among Bannix,
VisionWave Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation Target and the shareholders of Target. 

On September 6, 2024, Bannix
entered into a Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Bannix, VisionWave Holdings,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Bannix VisionWave ), BNIX Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of VisionWave Parent Merger Sub ), BNIX VW Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada
corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of VisionWave Company Merger Sub ), and Target. The Merger Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby were approved by the boards of directors of each of Bannix, VisionWave, Parent Merger Sub, Company
Merger Sub, and Target. 

The Mergers 

Pursuant to and in accordance
with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, (a) Parent Merger Sub will merge with and into Bannix, with Bannix continuing as
the surviving entity (the Parent Merger ), as a result of which, (i) Bannix will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
VisionWave, and (ii) each issued and outstanding security of Bannix immediately prior to the effective time of the Parent Merger
(the Parent Merger Effective Time (other than shares of Bannix Common Stock that have been redeemed or are owned by Bannix
or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries as treasury shares and any Dissenting Parent Shares) shall no longer be outstanding and
shall automatically be cancelled in exchange for the issuance to the holder thereof of a substantially equivalent security of VisionWave
(other than the Parent Rights, which shall be automatically converted into shares of VisionWave), and, (b) immediately following
the consummation of the Parent Merger but on the same day, Company Merger Sub will merge with and into Target, with Target continuing
as the surviving entity (the Company Merger and, together with the Parent Merger, the Mergers ), as a result
of which, (i) Target will become a wholly owned subsidiary of VisionWave, and (ii) each issued and outstanding security of Target
immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger (the Company Merger Effective Time (other than any Cancelled
Shares or Dissenting Shares) shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled in exchange for the issuance to the holder
thereof of a substantially equivalent security of VisionWave. The Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
are hereinafter referred to as the Business Combination. 

The Business Combination
is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions, including the satisfaction of the minimum
available cash condition, the receipt of certain governmental approvals and the required approval by the stockholders of Bannix and Target. 

Consideration 

Pursuant to and in accordance
with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the Parent Merger Effective Time, (a) each share of Bannix common stock, par value
 0.001 per share Bannix Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Parent Merger Effective Time that has not been
redeemed, is not owned by Bannix or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries as treasury shares and is not a Dissenting Parent Share
will automatically convert into one share of common stock, par value 0.001, of VisionWave (each, a share of VisionWave Common
Stock ), (b) each Bannix Warrant shall automatically convert into one warrant to purchase shares of VisionWave Common Stock (each,
a VisionWave Warrant on substantially the same terms and conditions; and (c) each Bannix Right will be automatically converted
into the number of shares of VisionWave Common Stock that would have been received by the holder of such Bannix Right if it had been converted
upon the consummation of a Business Combination in accordance with Bannix s organizational documents. 

In accordance with the terms
and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the Company Merger Effective Time, (a) each share of issued and outstanding
Target common stock, par value 0.01 Target Common Stock ), shall be cancelled and converted into 4,041 shares of VisionWave
Common Stock. 

Governance 

Subject to approval of shareholders,
the parties have agreed to take actions such that, effective immediately after the Closing of the Business Combination, VisionWave s
board of directors shall consist of seven directors, consisting of Chuck Hansen, Eric T. Shuss, Douglas Davis, Noam Kenig, Danny Rittman,
Erik Klinger and Yossi Attia. Additionally, certain current Target management personnel may become officers of VisionWave. 

Representations and Warranties;
Covenants 

The Merger Agreement contains
representations, warranties and covenants of each of the parties thereto that are customary for transactions of this type, including,
among others, covenants providing for (i) certain limitations on the operation of the parties respective businesses prior to consummation
of the Business Combination, (ii) the parties efforts to satisfy conditions to consummation of the Business Combination, including
by obtaining any necessary approvals from governmental agencies, (iii) prohibitions on the parties soliciting alternative transactions,
(iv) VisionWave preparing and filing a registration statement on Form S-4 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and taking certain other actions to obtain the requisite approval of Bannix s stockholders to vote in favor of certain matters,
including the adoption of the Merger Agreement and approval of the Business Combination, at a special meeting to be called for the approval
of such matters, and (v) the protection of, and access to, confidential information of the parties. 

The representations, warranties
and covenants in the Merger Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement and are subject to limitations
agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made the parties to the Merger Agreement
which are not filed publicly and which are subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from that generally applicable to
stockholders and were used for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties rather than establishing matters as facts. Bannix does
not believe that these schedules contain information that is material to an investment decision. 

In addition, VisionWave has
agreed to adopt an equity incentive plan, as described in the Merger Agreement. 

Conditions to the Closing 

The obligations of Bannix,
VisionWave, Parent Merger Sub and Company Merger Sub (the Bannix Parties and Target to consummate the Business Combination
are subject to certain closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the approval of Bannix s stockholders, (ii) the
approval of Target s stockholders, and (iii) VisionWave s Form S-4 registration statement becoming effective. 

In addition, the obligations
of the Bannix Parties to consummate the Business Combination are also subject to the fulfillment (or waiver) of other closing conditions,
including, but not limited to, (i) the representations and warranties of Target being true and correct to the standards applicable
to such representations and warranties and each of the covenants of Target having been performed or complied with in all material respects,
(ii) delivery of certain ancillary agreements required to be executed and delivered in connection with the Business Combination,
and (iii) no Material Adverse Effect having occurred. 

The obligation of Target
to consummate the Business Combination is also subject to the fulfillment (or waiver) of other closing conditions, including, but not
limited to, (i) the representations and warranties of the Bannix Parties being true and correct to the standards applicable to such
representations and warranties and each of the covenants of the Bannix Parties having been performed or complied with in all material
respects and (ii) the shares of VisionWave Common Stock issuable in connection with the Business Combination being listed on the
Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Termination Rights 

The Merger Agreement may
be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to the Closing of the Business Combination, including, but not limited
to, (i) by mutual written consent of Bannix and Target, (ii) by Bannix, on the one hand, or Target, on the other hand, if there
is any breach of the representations, warranties, covenant or agreement of the other party as set forth in the Merger Agreement, in each
case, such that certain conditions to closing cannot be satisfied and the breach or breaches of such representations or warranties or
the failure to perform such covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified time periods,
(iii) by either Bannix or Target if the Business Combination is not consummated by March 31, 2025 (which date may be extended
by mutual agreement of the parties to the Merger Agreement), (iv) by either Bannix or Target if a meeting of Bannix s stockholders
is held to vote on proposals relating to the Business Combination and the stockholders do not approve the proposals, and (v) by Bannix
if the Target stockholders do not approve the Merger Agreement. 

Permitted Financings 

The Merger Agreement contemplates
that Target (a) may enter into agreements to raise capital in one or more private placement transactions prior to the Closing for aggregate
gross proceeds of up to 20,000,000 or (b) consummate an initial sale of any shares of capital stock of Target in an underwritten
public offering registered under the Securities Act or any direct listing of any shares of capital stock of Target on a securities exchange
or securities market Permitted Financings ). 

A copy of the Merger Agreement
is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference,
and the foregoing description of the Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 

Stockholder Support Agreement 

In accordance with the Merger
Agreement, within thirty (30) days following the execution of the Merger Agreement, Bannix, VisionWave, Target, and certain stockholders
of Target representing the requisite votes necessary to approve the Merger Agreement (the Target Equity Holders are expected
to enter into a Stockholder Support Agreement pursuant to which the Target Equity Holders will: (a) agree to vote in favor of the adoption
of the Merger Agreement and approve the Mergers and the other Transactions to which Target is a party; and (b) agree to waive any
appraisal or similar rights they may have pursuant to Nevada law with respect to the Mergers and the other Transactions. 

Nasdaq Notice 

On September 13, 2024, the Company received
a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq stating that, because the Company did not complete a Business Combination
within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement, the Company s securities are subject to delisting from
The Nasdaq Stock Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule IM-5101-2. 

The letter further stated that unless
the Company appeals Nasdaq s determination by September 20, 2024, trading of the Company s securities will be suspended at
the opening of business on September 24, 2024, and a Form 25-NSE will be filed with the SEC to remove the Company s securities from
listing and registration on Nasdaq. 

The Company appealed Nasdaq s determination to a Hearings Panel, which
will stay the suspension of trading of the Company s securities pending the Panel s decision. The Company is preparing a compliance
plan and will provide further details as they become available. The Company plans to present its views with respect to continued listing
to the Hearings Panel at a hearing schedule to November 7, 2024. Throughout this process, the Company s securities will continue
to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol BNIX . There can be no assurance that the Hearings Panel will grant the Company s
request for continued listing or that the Company will be able to regain compliance with the applicable Nasdaq listing requirements. As
of the date of this filing, the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq has not made a determination regarding the suspension of trading
of the Company s securities. 

Certificate of Correction
to Certificate of Amendment 

On February 8, 2024, the Company filed a Certificate
of Correction to its Certificate of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Correction filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 9, 2023 (the Certificate of Amendment ). The Certificate
of Amendment inadvertently removed the provisions relating to the Company s obligation to wind up and liquidate the Company and
redeem the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the specified time. The Certificate
of Correction corrects this error to the Certificate of Amendment. The corrections made by the Certificate of Correction are retroactively
effective as of March 9, 2023, the original filing date of the Certificate of Amendment. 

As approved by its stockholders at the September 2024
Special Meeting, the Company filed an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of
State on September 10, 2024 (the September 2024 Amendment to extend the date by which the Company must (1) complete a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company
and one or more businesses Business Combination ), (2) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails
to complete such Business Combination, and (3) redeem 100 of the Company s common stock included as part of the units sold in the
Company s initial public offering that was consummated on September 14, 2021, from September 14, 2024, as extended, and to allow
the Company, without another stockholder vote, to further extend the date to consummate a Business Combination on a monthly basis up to
six (6) times by an additional one (1) month each time after September 14, 2024 or later extended deadline date, by resolution of the
Company s Board of Directors, if requested by the Company s sponsor, Instant Fame, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company,
upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline date, until March 14, 2025, or a total of up to six (6) months after
September 14, 2024, unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto (the Extension Amendment ). 

Liquidity, Capital Resources,
and Going Concern 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had in cash and a working capital deficit of . 

The Company s liquidity
needs through September 30, 2024, were satisfied through (1) a capital contribution from the Sponsors of for common stock Founder
Shares and (2) loans from Former Sponsor and Sponsor and related parties in order to pay offering costs and other working capital
needs. In addition, in order to fund transaction costs in connection with a possible Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor,
an affiliate of the Sponsor, and/or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company
Working Capital Loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no loans associated with the Working Capital Loans.
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company owed and to the Former Sponsor, the Sponsor, related
parties and affiliated related parties, respectively. See Note 5 for further disclosure of Former Sponsor, Sponsor, related parties and
affiliated related parties loans. 

As additional sources of funding, the Company issued
unsecured promissory notes to Evie Autonomous LTD with a principal amount of (the Evie Autonomous Extension Notes ).
The Evie Autonomous Extension Notes bear no interest and are repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of
the Company s initial Business Combination, or (b) the date of the Company s liquidation. If the Company does not consummate
an initial Business Combination by the Deadline Date, the Evie Autonomous Extension Notes will be repaid only from funds held outside
of the Trust Account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. 

Based on the foregoing, management
believes that the Company may not have sufficient funds and borrowing capacity to meet its operating needs through the consummation of
a Business Combination through the extended term of the Company which expires on December 14, 2024 (as extended). Over this time period,
the Company will be utilizing the funds in the operating bank account to pay existing accounts payable and consummating the proposed Business
Combination. 

The Company is within 12
months of its mandatory liquidation date as of the date of the filing of this report. In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations, the Company has until December 14, 2024 (as extended) to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain
that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by that time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this
date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. The Company has determined that the insufficient
funds to meet the operating needs of the Company through the liquidation date as well as the mandatory liquidation, should a Business
Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As a cure for the Company s
going concern assessment, the Company has entered into a proposed Business Combination Agreement with VisionWave Technologies, Inc. 

These factors raise doubt
about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for one year from the date of issuance of these unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

These unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

In February 2022, the Russian
Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. And in October 2023, the Hamas Terror Organization attacked
the Southern part of Israel, which in turn, commenced a military action with Gaza Strip. As a result, these actions, and the possibility
of escalating military actions, have created and are expected to create global economic consequences. The specific impact on the Company s
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Consideration of Inflation
Reduction Act Excise Tax 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a 1 federal
excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not
its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares
repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted
to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable
year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been
given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

On December 27, 2022, the
Treasury published Notice 2023-2, which provided clarification on some aspects of the application of the excise tax. The notice generally
provides that if a publicly traded U.S. corporation completely liquidates and dissolves, distributions in such complete liquidation and
other distributions by such corporation in the same taxable year in which the final distribution in complete liquidation and dissolution
is made are not subject to the excise tax. Although such notice clarifies certain aspects of the excise tax, the interpretation and operation
of aspects of the excise tax (including its application and operation with respect to SPACs) remain unclear and such interim operating
rules are subject to change. 

Because the application of
this excise tax is not entirely clear, any redemption or other repurchase effected by the Company, in connection with a Business Combination,
extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to this excise tax. Because any such excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by
the redeeming holders, it could cause a reduction in the value of the Company s Class A common stock, cash available with which
to effectuate a Business Combination or cash available for distribution in a subsequent liquidation. Whether and to what extent the Company
would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the structure
of the Business Combination, (ii) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination,
(iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with the Business Combination (or any other
equity issuances within the same taxable year of the Business Combination) and (iv) the content of any subsequent regulations, clarifications,
and other guidance issued by the Treasury. Further, the application of the excise tax in respect of distributions pursuant to a liquidation
of a publicly traded U.S. corporation is uncertain and has not been addressed by the Treasury in regulations, and it is possible that
the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be used to pay any excise tax owed by the Company in the event the Company is unable to complete
a Business Combination in the required time and redeem 100 of the remaining Class A common stock in accordance with the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, in which case the amount that would otherwise be received by the public stockholders
in connection with the Company s liquidation would be reduced. 

Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after
December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and
to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would
depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business
Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity
issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination, but issued within
the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition,
because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise
tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and
in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

During the second quarter of 2024, the Internal Revenue
Service issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment of the excise tax. These regulations provided that the filing
and payment deadline for any liability incurred during the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 would be October 31, 2024.
The Company is currently evaluating its options with respect to this obligation. Any amount of such excise tax not paid in full, will
be subject to additional interest and penalties which are currently estimated at 10 interest per annum and a 5 underpayment penalty
per month or portion of a month up to 25 of the total liability for any amount that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid in full. 

As of the filing of the Form 10-Q, the Company has
not filed its 2023 excise tax return and no amounts have been paid. 

Investment Company
Act 1940 

Under the current rules and
regulations of the SEC we are not deemed an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act; however, on March 30, 2022,
the SEC proposed new rules (the Proposed Rules relating, among other matters, to the circumstances in which SPACs such
as the Company could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The Proposed Rules provide a
safe harbor for companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act,
provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have
a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the Proposed Rules
would require a company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for
an initial Business Combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the SPAC s registration statement for its IPO.
The Company would then be required to complete its initial Business Combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of such
registration statement. There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including
this Company. Although the Company entered into a definitive Business Combination agreement within 18 months after the effective date
of the registration statement relating to the IPO, there is a risk that the Company may not complete an initial Business Combination within
24 months of such date. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that the Company has been operating as an unregistered
investment company. If the Company were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, the Company may
be forced to abandon its efforts to complete an initial Business Combination and instead be required to liquidate. If the Company is required
to liquidate, the investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the
potential appreciation in the value of our stock and warrants following such a transaction. 

The Investment Company Act
defines an investment company as any issuer which (i) is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily,
in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities; (ii) is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of issuing
face-amount certificates of the installment type, or has been engaged in such business and has any such certificate outstanding; or (iii)
is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading in securities, and owns or proposes
to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of Government securities and
cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. The Company has assessed its primary line of business and the value of its investment securities
as compared to the value of total assets to determine whether the Company may be deemed an investment company. The longer that the funds
in the Trust Account are held in money market funds, there is a greater risk that the Company may be considered an unregistered investment
company. As a result, the Company has switched all funds to cash, will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the
Trust Account after such time, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation
of our Company. Currently, the funds in the Trust Account are held in a demand deposit account and meeting certain conditions under Rule
2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that
when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of the Company s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. 

t have any cash equivalents as of
September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 other than its investments held in the Trust Account. 

Level 2 Inputs - Inputs other than quoted prices included
in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These might include quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active,
inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (such as interest rates, volatilities, prepayment speeds,
credit risks, etc.) or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means. 

Level 3 Inputs - Unobservable inputs for determining
the fair values of assets or liabilities that reflect an entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing the assets or liabilities. 

warrants issued
in connection with the IPO and private placement in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging 
whereby under that provision, the Private Warrants did not meet the criteria for equity treatment and were recorded as a liability and
the Public Warrants met the criteria for equity treatment. Accordingly, the Company classified the Private Warrants as a liability at
fair value upon issuance and adjusts them to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is re-measured at each balance sheet
date until the Private Warrants are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value will be recognized in the Company s statements
of operations. 

The Company recorded an increase in the redemption
value because of earnings on the Trust Account and additional deposits that exceed amounts payable for taxes. While the Company may use
earnings on the Trust Account to pay its tax obligations, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and 
has been withdrawn by the Company from the Trust Account to pay its tax obligations. 

On September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Common
Stock subject to redemption reflected in the balance sheet is reconciled in the following table: 

Less: 

Redemptions from Trust Account 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of shares subject to redemption 

Common stock subject to possible redemption on December 31, 2023 

Less: 

Redemptions from Trust Account 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of shares subject to redemption 

Common stock subject to possible redemption on June 30, 2024 

Less: 

Redemptions from Trust Account 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of shares subject to redemption 

Common stock subject to possible redemption on September 30, 2024 

warrants
were excluded from the diluted loss per share calculation since the exercise price of the warrants is greater than the average market
price of the common stock. As a result, this would have been anti-dilutive and therefore net loss per share is the same as basic loss
per share for the period presented. 

Weighted Average Shares of common stock 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024, due to permanent differences related to Business Combination expenses and a gain on forgiven payables,
and changes in the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to state taxes and changes in the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty
in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process
for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits
to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides
guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. 

The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest
and penalties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could
result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

The Company has identified the United States and the
State of Delaware as its only major tax jurisdiction. The Company is subject to income taxation by major taxing authorities
since inception. These examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax
jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of
unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

The Founder Shares were issued on September 8, 2021,
and the Founder Shares vest, not upon a fixed date, but upon consummation of an initial Business Combination. Since the approach in ASC
718 is to determine the fair value without regard to the vesting date, the Company has determined the valuation of the Founder Shares
as of September 8, 2021. The valuation resulted in a fair value of per share as of September 8, 2021, or an aggregate of 
for the Founder Shares. The Founder Shares were granted at no cost to the recipients. The excess fair value over the amount paid
is , which is the amount of share-based compensation expense which the Company will recognize upon consummation of an initial
business combination. 

Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per Unit, which was inclusive of the underwriters 
full exercise of their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of . Each Unit that the Company sold had a price of
 and consisted of one share of common stock, one warrant to purchase one share of common stock and one right. Each warrant will
entitle the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Each warrant will become
exercisable on the completion of the initial Business Combination and will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business
Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Each right entitles the holder to buy one tenth of one share of common stock.
The common stock, warrants and rights comprising the Units have begun separate trading. At the time that the common stock, warrants and
rights comprising the Units began separate trading, holders will hold the separate securities and no longer hold Units (without any action
needing to be taken by the holders), and the Units will no longer trade. 

All of the shares of common
stock sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection
with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in
connection with certain amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance
on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the
Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

Private Placement Units to certain investors for aggregate cash proceeds
of and issued an additional 225,000 Private Placement Units to the Former Sponsor in exchange for the cancellation of approximately
 1,105,000 in loans and a promissory note due to them. Each Private Placement Unit consisted of one share of common stock, one redeemable
warrant to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share and one right. 

and , respectively, and reports this as promissory notes 
Evie on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

shares of common stock of the Company from Bannix Management LLP, Balaji Venugopal
Bhat, Nicholos Hellyer, Subbanarasimhaiah Arun, Vishant Vora and Suresh Yezhuvath and private placement units from Suresh Yezhuvath
(collectively, the Sellers in a private transaction. 

The Former Sponsor, Sponsor,
Other Investors, Anchor Investors, directors and officer have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell the Founder Shares until the earlier
to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the public stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. The Company refers to such transfer
restrictions as the lock-up . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds
 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days
within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released
from the lock-up. 

At September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there were non-redeemable shares outstanding owned or controlled by the Former Sponsor, Sponsor, Other Investors,
Anchor Investors, directors and officers. 

Working Capital Loans
 Former Sponsor and Sponsor 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes a Business Combination,
the Company would repay the loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the loans would be repaid
only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion
of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay
the loans. On September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were loans outstanding under the working capital loan program. 

Commitment of Funds 
Former Sponsor 

Yezhuvath agreed to contribute to the Company of 
as a capital contribution at the time of the Business Combination with the proceeds to be used to pay the deferred underwriters 
discount. Yezhuvath has agreed to forgive this amount without any additional securities being issued against it. 

Due to Related Parties 

The balance on September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 in Due to Related Parties totaled and , respectively, consists of the following transactions: 

Amounts due Subash Menon 

Repurchase shares of common stock from Bannix Management LLP 

Amounts due for expenses paid by related party 

Amounts due to Doug Davis Accrued Compensation 

Amounts due to Erik Klinger Accrued Compensation 

Administrative Support Agreement (2) 

Securities Purchase Agreement 

Promissory Notes with Instant Fame and affiliated parties 

Advances from affiliated related parties, net (1) 

(1) 

On December 13, 2022, the
Company issued an unsecured promissory note in favor of Instant Fame, in the principal amount of . In March and April 2023 the
Company issued additional unsecured promissory notes to Instant Fame for for each promissory note. At September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there was outstanding on these promissory notes and included in due to related parties on the unaudited condensed consolidated
balance sheet. 

In 2024, was paid
to an affiliate of a related party. The Company has a legal right of offset and as such, the net amount is reported on the unaudited condensed
consolidated balance sheet. 

The promissory notes, expenses
paid by related party, and advances from related affiliated parties are non-interest bearing and repayable on the consummation of a Business
Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated the promissory notes and advances from affiliated related parties will not be
repaid and all amounts owed hereunder will be forgiven except to the extent that the Company has funds available to it outside of the
Trust Account. 

(2) Administrative Support
Agreement 

The Company has agreed to pay an affiliate
of the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the management team, in the amount of
 5,000 per month. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, it will cease paying these monthly
fees. For the three and nine months period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had incurred and pursuant to
the agreement, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company owed and for these administrative
support fees and reports them in due to related party on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the
terms of the underwriting agreement. Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a Business Combination marketing fee of 3.5 of the
gross proceeds of the sale of Units in the IPO upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the
terms of the underwriting agreement. 

The Company issued the underwriter
(and/or its designees) (the Representative 393,000 shares of Common Stock for 0.01 per share (the Representative
Shares upon the consummation of the IPO. The Company accounted for the estimated fair value 2,861,000) of the Representative
Shares as an offering cost of the IPO and allocated such cost against temporary equity for the amount allocated to the redeemable shares
and to expense for the allocable portion relating to the warrant liability. These shares of Common Stock issued to the underwriter are
subject to an agreement in which the underwriter has agreed (i) not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of
the Business Combination. In addition, the underwriter (and/or its designees) has agreed (i) to waives its redemption rights with respect
to such shares in connection with the completion of the Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if it fails to complete the Business Combination within the time specified in its certificate
of incorporation. Accordingly, the fair value of such shares is included in stockholders equity. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, the Representative has not yet paid for these shares, and the amount owed of is included in prepaid expenses on the unaudited
condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Excise Tax 

In connection with the
Company s Special Meeting and Annual Meeting, stockholders holding an aggregate of 
shares of the Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the
Company s Trust Account. As a result, 
was removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders. As such, the Company has recorded a 1 excise tax liability
in the amount of on
the balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. The liability does not impact the statements of operations and is offset against
additional paid-in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid-in capital is not available. 

Other Investors 

Other Investors were granted
an aggregate of Founder Shares at no costs from Suresh Yezhuvath in March 2021. 

The Other Investors have
not been granted any stockholder or other rights that are in addition to those granted to the Company s other public stockholders.
The Other Investors will have no rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares held by them. The Other
Investors will have the same rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Common Stock underlying the Units they
purchase at the IPO as the rights afforded to the Company s other public stockholders. 

Anchor Investors 

The Anchor Investors entered
into separate letter agreements with the Company and the Former Sponsor pursuant to which, subject to the conditions set forth therein,
the Anchor Investors purchased, upon the closing of the IPO on September 14, 2021, Private Placement Units and Founder
Shares on September 9, 2021 Anchor Shares in the total). 

The Anchor Investors have
not been granted any stockholder or other rights that are in addition to those granted to the Company s other public stockholders
and purchased the Founder Shares for nominal consideration. Each Anchor Investor has agreed in its individually negotiated letter agreement
entered into with the Company to vote its Anchor Shares to approve the Company s initial Business Combination. The Anchor Investors
will have no rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Anchor Shares held by them. The Anchor Investors will have
the same rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Common Stock underlying the Units they purchase at the IPO
(excluding the Common Stock included in the Private Placement Units purchased) as the rights afforded to the Company s other public
stockholders. 

Litigation 

From time to time, the Company may be subject to routine
litigation, claims or disputes in the ordinary course of business. The Company defends itself vigorously in all such matters. However,
we cannot predict the outcome or effect of any of the potential litigation, claims or disputes. 

The Company is not subject to any litigation at the present time. 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations, voting and
other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common Stock 
The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with par value of each. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there were and shares of Common Stock issued, respectively, and shares of common stock outstanding,
excluding and shares subject to possible redemption, respectively. Each share of Common Stock entitles the holder to
one vote. 

Treasury Stock 
 On June 21, 2021 the Former Sponsor agreed to deliver the Company 1,437,500 shares of common stock beneficially owned by the Former
Sponsors. 

Rights 
Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in the Business Combination, each holder of a right will automatically
receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon consummation of the Business Combination, even if the holder of a right converted
all shares held by him, her or it in connection with the Business Combination or an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation
with respect to its pre-Business Combination activities. In the event that the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion
of the Business Combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive
the one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock underlying each right upon consummation of the Business Combination. No additional consideration
will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional share of common stock upon consummation
of Business Combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates
of the Company). If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving
entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of the rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of
shares of common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis. 

warrants issued in connection with the IPO and private placement in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC Topic
815 Derivatives and Hedging whereby under that provision, the Private Warrants did not meet the criteria for equity treatment
and were recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classified the Private Warrants as a liability at fair value and adjusts them
to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is re-measured at each balance sheet date until the Private Warrants are exercised
or expire, and any change in fair value will be recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The fair value of the Private
Warrants was estimated using a modified Black-Scholes model. The valuation models utilize inputs such as assumed share prices, volatility,
discount factors and other assumptions and may not be reflective of the price at which they can be settled. Such Private Warrant classification
is also subject to re-evaluation at each reporting period. The Public Warrants met the classification for equity treatment. 

Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase
one share of the Company s Common Stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. In addition,
if (x) the Company issues additional shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of
its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Common Stock (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
to the Company s Former Sponsor, Sponsors or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Company s
Former Sponsor, Sponsors or its affiliates, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial
Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted
average trading price of the Company s Common Stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day
on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share,
the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the Market Value, and the per
share redemption trigger price described below under Redemption of warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be
equal to 180 of the Market Value. 

The warrants will become exercisable on
the later of 12 months from the closing of this offering or upon completion of its initial Business Combination and will expire five years
after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Redemption of warrants 

The Company may call the warrants for redemption
(excluding the private warrants, and any warrants underlying Units issued to the Sponsors, initial stockholders, officers, directors or
their affiliates in payment of related party loans made to the Company), in whole and not in part, at a price of per warrant: 

at any time while the warrants are exercisable, 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders, and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the issuance of the shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day until the date of redemption. 

If the Company calls the warrants for redemption
as described above, the management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless
basis. If management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their
warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares
of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise
price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale
price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of warrants. 

If the Company is unable
to complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account,
holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the
Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

The following presents the
Company s fair value hierarchy for the 406,000 Private Warrants issued which are classified as liabilities measured at fair value
as of September 30, 2024: 

Total 

The following presents the
Company s fair value hierarchy for the 406,000 Private Warrants issued which are classified as liabilities measured at fair value
as of December 31, 2023: 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 

Private Warrants 

Total 

The following table summarizes key inputs and the
models used in the valuation of the Company s Private Warrants: 

Exercise Price 

Expected Term (years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Probability of completing a Business Combination 

The following table provides
a reconciliation of changes in fair value of the beginning and ending balances for the Company s warrants classified as Level 3
for the period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Change in fair value 

Fair value at March 31, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Fair value at June 30, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Fair value at September 30, 2024 

Private Warrants 

Level 3 
 
 Fair value December 31, 2022 

Change in fair value 

Fair value at March 31, 2023 

Change in fair value 

Fair value at June 30, 2023 

Change in fair value 

Fair value at September 30, 2023 

in the Trust Account and extended the Deadline Date to November 14, 2024. 

30 

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to we ,
 us , our or the Company are to Bannix Acquisition Corp., except where the context requires otherwise.
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes
thereto included elsewhere in this report. 

Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements
on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, 
 would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy
include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on January 21, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. 

On September 14, 2021, we
consummated our IPO of 6,900,000 units at 10.00 per unit (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one share of our common stock
(the Public Shares ), one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per share and
one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of our common stock upon the consummation of
the Business Combination. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, we consummated the issuance of 406,000 private placement units (the Private Placement Units as follows: we
sold 181,000 Private Placement Units to certain investors for aggregate cash proceeds of 2,460,000 and issued an additional 225,000 private
placement units to our Former Sponsor in exchange for the cancellation of 1,105,000 in loans and a promissory note due to them. Each
Private Placement Unit consists of one share of our common stock, one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at
a price of 11.50 per whole share and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of our
common stock upon the consummation of our Business Combination. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application
of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally
applied toward consummating our Business Combination. 

Upon the closing of the initial
public offering on September 14, 2021, a total of 69,690,000 of the net proceeds was deposited in a trust account established for the
benefit of our public stockholders. 

Recent Developments 

The Company held a
Special Meeting of Stockholders on March 8, 2023 (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, the stockholder approved
the filing of an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State (the Extension
Amendment ), to extend the date (the Extension by which the Company must (1) complete a merger, share exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses
(an initial Business Combination ), (2) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete
such initial Business Combination, and (3) redeem 100 of the Company s common stock common stock included as part
of the units sold in the Company s initial public offering (the IPO ), from March 14, 2023, and to allow the Company,
without another stockholder vote, to further extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis up to twelve (12)
times by an additional one (1) month each time after March 14, 2023 or later extended deadline date, by resolution of the Company s
board of directors (the Board ), if requested by Instant Fame upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable
deadline date, until March 14, 2024, or a total of up to twelve (12) months after March 14, 2023 (such date as extended, the Deadline
Date ), unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto. The stockholders also approved an amendment
(the Trust Amendment to the Company s Investment Management Trust Agreement dated as of September 10, 2021 (the Trust
Agreement by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Trustee incorporating
the terms as set forth in the Extension Amendment. 

31 

On March 8, 2024, the Company
held its Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company (the Annual Meeting ), whereby the Company s stockholders approved
an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State (the March 2024 Amendment ),
to extend the Deadline Date from March 14, 2024, as extended, and to allow the Company, without another stockholder vote, to further extend
the date to consummate a Business Combination on a monthly basis up to six (6) times by an additional one (1) month each time after March
14, 2024 or later extended Deadline Date, by resolution of the Company s Board of Directors, if requested by the Company s
Sponsor, until September 14, 2024, or a total of up to six (6) months after March 14, 2024, unless the closing of a Business Combination
shall have occurred prior thereto (the Extension Amendment ), and to remove the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
the redemption limitation contained under Section 9.2(a) preventing the Company from closing a Business Combination if it would have less
than 5,000,001 of net tangible assets in order to expand the methods that the Company may employ so as not to become subject to the penny
stock rules of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the NTA Amendment ). 

On September 6, 2024, the
Company held a Special Meeting of Stockholders of the Company (the September 2024 Special Meeting ), whereby the Company s
stockholders approved an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State (the
 September 2024 Amendment ), to extend the Deadline Date from September 14, 2024, as extended, and to allow the Company, without
another stockholder vote, to further extend the date to consummate a Business Combination on a monthly basis up to six (6) times by an
additional one (1) month each time after September 14, 2024 or later extended deadline date, by resolution of the Company s Board
of Directors, if requested by the Company s Sponsor, until March 14, 2025, or a total of up to six (6) months after September 14,
2024, unless the closing of a Business Combination shall have occurred prior thereto (the September 2024 Extension Amendment ). 

Additionally, beginning in September 2024, the Sponsor or its designees will deposit
into the Trust Account, as a loan, 16,237 or 0.05 per public share multiplied by the number of public shares outstanding (the Contribution ),
in connection with each Extension. 

In order to fund deposits
required to allow for such extension, we obtained loans from Instant Fame, LLC and Evie Group evidenced by non-interest-bearing promissory
notes that are payable upon the consummation of a business combination by us. If we fail to consummate a business combination, the outstanding
debt under the promissory notes will be forgiven, except to the extent of any funds held outside of the trust account after paying all
other fees and expenses of the Company. 

If we have not completed
our initial business combination by December 14, 2024, as extended, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

At the Special Meeting, stockholders
holding a total of 3,960,387 shares of the Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion
of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, 41,077,199 (approximately 10.37 per share) was removed from the Company s
Trust Account to pay such holders. 

At the Annual Meeting, stockholders holding a total
of 1,381,866 shares of the Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds
in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, 15,134,429 (approximately 10.95 per share) was removed from the Company s Trust
Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions and as of the filing of the Form 10-Q, the Company has 4,081,747 shares outstanding. 

At the September 2024 Special
Meeting, stockholders holding a total of 1,232,999 shares of the Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares
for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, 13,790,479 (approximately 11.18 per share) was
removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company has 2,848,748 shares outstanding. 

32 

In association with the Company s
special meetings and annual meeting, as of the filing of this Form 10-Q, the Company has deposited an aggregate of 1,772,474 into the
Trust Account to extend the Deadline Date to November 14, 2024. 

Associated with the Special Meeting and Annual Meeting,
and related redemptions, the company recognized an excise tax equal to 1 of the value of the redeeming shares or 700,021. 

Additionally at the Annual
Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to remove from the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation the
redemption limitation contained under Section 9.2(a) preventing the Company from closing a Business Combination if it would have less
than 5,000,001 of net tangible assets (the NTA Amendment ). 

Proposed Business Combination
 Evie Group (Terminated) 

On June 23, 2023, the Company,
Evie Autonomous Group Ltd Evie Group ), and the shareholder of the Evie Group Evie Group Shareholder ), entered
into a Business Combination Agreement (the EVIE Agreement ), pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
certain conditions precedent in the EVIE Agreement, the Company was to acquire EVIE Group. 

Patent Purchase Agreement 

On August 8, 2023 the Company
entered into a Patent Purchase Agreement PPA with GBT Tokenize Corp. Tokenize ), which is 50 owned by GBT
Technologies Inc., which provided its consent, to acquire the entire rights, title, and interest of certain patents and patent applications
providing an intellectual property basis for a machine learning driven technology that controls radio wave transmissions, analyzes their
reflections data, and constructs 2D/3D images of stationary and in motion objects, (the Patents ). The closing date of the
PPA was planned to immediately follow the closing of the acquisition of EVIE Group. 

On March 11, 2024, the Company
sent EVIE Group and the EVIE Group Shareholder a notice providing that the EVIE Agreement has been terminated as a result of the failure
of EVIE Group and the EVIE Group Shareholder to loan or procure a loan to Bannix as required pursuant to Section 5.21 of the Business
Combination Agreement. 

As the PPA was contingent
upon Bannix closing the acquisition of EVIE and due to the termination of the proposed EVIE Agreement, Bannix and Tokenize agreed to terminate
the PPA which was consented to by GBT. 

Proposed Business Combination
 VisionWave Technologies 

As previously disclosed,
on March 26, 2024, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Original Agreement ), by and among Bannix,
VisionWave Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation Target and the shareholders of Target. 

On September 6, 2024, Bannix
entered into a Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Bannix, VisionWave Holdings,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Bannix VisionWave ), BNIX Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of VisionWave Parent Merger Sub ), BNIX VW Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada
corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of VisionWave Company Merger Sub ), and Target. The Merger Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby were approved by the boards of directors of each of Bannix, VisionWave, Parent Merger Sub, Company
Merger Sub, and Target. 

33 

The Mergers 

Pursuant to and in accordance
with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, (a) Parent Merger Sub will merge with and into Bannix, with Bannix continuing as
the surviving entity (the Parent Merger ), as a result of which, (i) Bannix will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
VisionWave, and (ii) each issued and outstanding security of Bannix immediately prior to the effective time of the Parent Merger
(the Parent Merger Effective Time (other than shares of Bannix Common Stock that have been redeemed or are owned by Bannix
or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries as treasury shares and any Dissenting Parent Shares) shall no longer be outstanding and
shall automatically be cancelled in exchange for the issuance to the holder thereof of a substantially equivalent security of VisionWave
(other than the Parent Rights, which shall be automatically converted into shares of VisionWave), and, (b) immediately following
the consummation of the Parent Merger but on the same day, Company Merger Sub will merge with and into Target, with Target continuing
as the surviving entity (the Company Merger and, together with the Parent Merger, the Mergers ), as a result
of which, (i) Target will become a wholly owned subsidiary of VisionWave, and (ii) each issued and outstanding security of Target
immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger (the Company Merger Effective Time (other than any Cancelled
Shares or Dissenting Shares) shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled in exchange for the issuance to the holder
thereof of a substantially equivalent security of VisionWave. The Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
are hereinafter referred to as the Business Combination. 

The Business Combination
is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions, including the satisfaction of the minimum
available cash condition, the receipt of certain governmental approvals and the required approval by the stockholders of Bannix and Target. 

Consideration 

Pursuant to and in accordance
with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the Parent Merger Effective Time, (a) each share of Bannix common stock, par value
 0.001 per share Bannix Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Parent Merger Effective Time that has not been
redeemed, is not owned by Bannix or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries as treasury shares and is not a Dissenting Parent Share
will automatically convert into one share of common stock, par value 0.001, of VisionWave (each, a share of VisionWave Common
Stock ), (b) each Bannix Warrant shall automatically convert into one warrant to purchase shares of VisionWave Common Stock (each,
a VisionWave Warrant on substantially the same terms and conditions; and (c) each Bannix Right will be automatically converted
into the number of shares of VisionWave Common Stock that would have been received by the holder of such Bannix Right if it had been converted
upon the consummation of a Business Combination in accordance with Bannix s organizational documents. 

In accordance with the terms
and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the Company Merger Effective Time, (a) each share of issued and outstanding
Target common stock, par value 0.01 Target Common Stock ), shall be cancelled and converted into 4,041 shares of VisionWave
Common Stock. 

Governance 

Subject to approval of shareholders,
the parties have agreed to take actions such that, effective immediately after the Closing of the Business Combination, VisionWave s
board of directors shall consist of seven directors, consisting of Chuck Hansen, Eric T. Shuss, Douglas Davis, Noam Kenig, Danny Rittman,
Erik Klinger and Yossi Attia. Additionally, certain current Target management personnel will become officers of VisionWave. 

Representations and
Warranties; Covenants 

The Merger Agreement contains
representations, warranties and covenants of each of the parties thereto that are customary for transactions of this type, including,
among others, covenants providing for (i) certain limitations on the operation of the parties respective businesses prior to consummation
of the Business Combination, (ii) the parties efforts to satisfy conditions to consummation of the Business Combination, including
by obtaining any necessary approvals from governmental agencies, (iii) prohibitions on the parties soliciting alternative transactions,
(iv) VisionWave preparing and filing a registration statement on Form S-4 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and taking certain other actions to obtain the requisite approval of Bannix s stockholders to vote in favor of certain matters,
including the adoption of the Merger Agreement and approval of the Business Combination, at a special meeting to be called for the approval
of such matters, and (v) the protection of, and access to, confidential information of the parties. 

34 

The representations, warranties
and covenants in the Merger Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement and are subject to limitations
agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made the parties to the Merger Agreement
which are not filed publicly and which are subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from that generally applicable to
stockholders and were used for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties rather than establishing matters as facts. Bannix does
not believe that these schedules contain information that is material to an investment decision. 

In addition, VisionWave has
agreed to adopt an equity incentive plan, as described in the Merger Agreement. 

Conditions to the Closing 

The obligations of Bannix,
VisionWave, Parent Merger Sub and Company Merger Sub (the Bannix Parties and Target to consummate the Business Combination
are subject to certain closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the approval of Bannix s stockholders, (ii) the
approval of Target s stockholders, and (iii) VisionWave s Form S-4 registration statement becoming effective. 

In addition, the obligations
of the Bannix Parties to consummate the Business Combination are also subject to the fulfillment (or waiver) of other closing conditions,
including, but not limited to, (i) the representations and warranties of Target being true and correct to the standards applicable
to such representations and warranties and each of the covenants of Target having been performed or complied with in all material respects,
(ii) delivery of certain ancillary agreements required to be executed and delivered in connection with the Business Combination,
and (iii) no Material Adverse Effect having occurred. 

The obligation of Target
to consummate the Business Combination is also subject to the fulfillment (or waiver) of other closing conditions, including, but not
limited to, (i) the representations and warranties of the Bannix Parties being true and correct to the standards applicable to such
representations and warranties and each of the covenants of the Bannix Parties having been performed or complied with in all material
respects and (ii) the shares of VisionWave Common Stock issuable in connection with the Business Combination being listed on the
Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Termination Rights 

The Merger Agreement may
be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to the Closing of the Business Combination, including, but not limited
to, (i) by mutual written consent of Bannix and Target, (ii) by Bannix, on the one hand, or Target, on the other hand, if there
is any breach of the representations, warranties, covenant or agreement of the other party as set forth in the Merger Agreement, in each
case, such that certain conditions to closing cannot be satisfied and the breach or breaches of such representations or warranties or
the failure to perform such covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified time periods,
(iii) by either Bannix or Target if the Business Combination is not consummated by March 31, 2025 (which date may be extended
by mutual agreement of the parties to the Merger Agreement), (iv) by either Bannix or Target if a meeting of Bannix s stockholders
is held to vote on proposals relating to the Business Combination and the stockholders do not approve the proposals, and (v) by Bannix
if the Target stockholders do not approve the Merger Agreement. 

Permitted Financings 

The Merger Agreement contemplates
that Target (a) may enter into agreements to raise capital in one or more private placement transactions prior to the Closing for aggregate
gross proceeds of up to 20,000,000 or (b) consummate an initial sale of any shares of capital stock of Target in an underwritten
public offering registered under the Securities Act or any direct listing of any shares of capital stock of Target on a securities exchange
or securities market Permitted Financings ). 

A copy of the Merger Agreement
is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference,
and the foregoing description of the Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 

35 

Stockholder Support
Agreement 

In accordance with the Merger
Agreement, within thirty (30) days following the execution of the Merger Agreement, Bannix, VisionWave, Target, and certain stockholders
of Target representing the requisite votes necessary to approve the Merger Agreement (the Target Equity Holders are expected
to enter into a Stockholder Support Agreement pursuant to which the Target Equity Holders will: (a) agree to vote in favor of the adoption
of the Merger Agreement and approve the Mergers and the other Transactions to which Target is a party; and (b) agree to waive any
appraisal or similar rights they may have pursuant to Nevada law with respect to the Mergers and the other Transactions. 

We cannot assure you that
our plans to complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity since inception up to September
30, 2024 was in preparation for our initial public offering and since the initial public offering, the search for and efforts towards
a suitable business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business
combination, at the earliest. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2024, we had a net loss of 154,697, which consisted of operating costs of 248,848 and provision for income taxes of 83,933 partially
offset by interest income on the trust account of 178,084. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2024, we had a net loss of 336,020, which consisted of operating costs of 1,017,302, provision for income taxes of 92,759 and unrealized
loss from the change in fair value of Private Warrant liability of 4,060 partially offset by interest income on the trust account of
 744,351 and a gain on forgiven payables of 33,750. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2023, we had a net loss of 101,152, which consisted of operating costs of 394,213 and provision for income taxes of 81,847,
partially offset by interest income on the trust account of 370,848 and a change in the fair value of warrant liabilities of 4,060. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, we had a net loss of 151,848, which consisted of operating costs of 1,197,866 and provision for income taxes of
 348,105, offset by interest income on the trust account of 1,394,123. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources,
and Going Concern 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had 271,833 in cash and a working capital deficit of 4,794,747. 

The Company s liquidity
needs through September 30, 2024, were satisfied through (1) a capital contribution from the Sponsors of 28,750 for common stock Founder
Shares and (2) loans from Former Sponsor and Sponsor and related parties in order to pay offering costs and other working capital
needs. In addition, in order to fund transaction costs in connection with a possible Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor,
an affiliate of the Sponsor, and/or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company
Working Capital Loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no loans associated with the Working Capital Loans.
As of September 30, 2024, the Company owed 1,729,840 and 1,213,600 to the Former Sponsor, the Sponsor related parties and affiliated
related parties, respectively. See Note 5 for further disclosure of Former Sponsor, Sponsor and related party loans. 

As additional sources of
funding, the Company issued unsecured promissory notes to Evie Autonomous LTD with a principal balance of 1,003,995 (the Evie
Autonomous Extension Notes ). The Evie Autonomous Extension Notes bear no interest and are repayable in full upon the earlier of
(a) the date of the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, or (b) the date of the Company s liquidation.
If the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination by the Deadline Date, the Evie Autonomous Extension Notes will be repaid
only from funds held outside of the Trust Account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. 

Based on the foregoing, management
believes that the Company may not have sufficient funds and borrowing capacity to meet its operating needs through the consummation of
a Business Combination through the extended term of the Company which expires on September 14, 2024 (as extended). Over this time period,
the Company will be utilizing the funds in the operating bank account to pay existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective
initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting
the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

36 

The Company is within 12
months of its mandatory liquidation date as of the date of the filing of this report. In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations, the Company has until September 14, 2024 (as extended) to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain
that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by that time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this
date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. The Company has determined that the insufficient
funds to meet the operating needs of the Company through the liquidation date as well as the mandatory liquidation, should a Business
Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As a cure for the Company s
going concern assessment, the Company has entered into a proposed Business Combination Agreement with VisionWave Technologies, Inc. 

These factors raise doubt
about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for one year from the date of issuance of these unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be
necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of these
financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as
our critical accounting policies: 

Fair Value of Warrant
Liability 

The Company accounted for
the Private Placement Warrants issued in connection with the IPO and private placement in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC
Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging whereby under that provision, the Private Warrants did not meet the criteria for equity
treatment and were recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classified the Private Warrants as a liability at fair value and
adjusts them to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is re-measured at each balance sheet date until the Private Warrants
are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statements of operations. The Public Warrants
are classified as equity. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In December 2023, the FASB
issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09), which requires disclosure of incremental
income tax information within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes paid, among other disclosure requirements.
ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The Company s management
does not believe the adoption of ASU 2023-09 will have a material impact on its financial statements and disclosures. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on
the Company s financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into on September 10, 2021, the holders of the founder shares, the private placement units and private placement
units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights
agreement to be signed prior to or on the closing date of this offering requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders
of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the
completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

37 

Underwriters Agreement 

The underwriters are entitled
to a deferred underwriting discount of 225,000 in the aggregate which will be payable to the underwriters from the amounts to be brought
in by the sponsors solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Additionally,
the underwriters will be entitled to a business combination marketing fee of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the sale of Units in the initial
public offering held in the trust account upon the completion of the initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

Item 3. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

Item 4. Controls
and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying
Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under
the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective due to material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting of complex financial instruments,
fair value measurements, prepaid expense, income and franchise taxes and legal and professional fees. 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management team, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

Material Weakness 

A material weakness is a
deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. On April
12, 2021, the staff of the SEC (the SEC Staff issued a public statement entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and
Reporting Considerations for Warrants issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC Staff
Statement ). In the SEC Staff Statement, the SEC Staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants
may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities on the SPAC s balance sheet as opposed to equity. In light of the SEC Staff
Statement, the Company s management reevaluated the terms of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants (together, the warrants ),
and determined that the Public Warrants should be classified as a component of equity. Our Private Placement Warrants were correctly reported
as a liability measured at fair value upon issuance, with subsequent changes in fair value reported in earnings each reporting period. 

38 

Additionally, management
evaluated the impacts of the transfer of shares to Anchor Investors. The transfer of shares to the Anchor Investors were fair valued as
of the grant date and that fair value was allocated to the offering costs of the Company. 

Associated with the reclassification
of the Public Warrants to equity and the valuation of the Anchor Investor shares, the allocation of offering costs was re-allocated. 

Additionally, we had a misstatement
in our prepaid expense, income and franchise taxes and legal fees. 

As a result of these reevaluations,
management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial
instruments and fair value measurements and the failure to properly design the financial closing and reporting process to record, review
and monitor compliance with generally accepted accounting principles for transactions on a timely basis. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. We are in the process of implementing changes to our internal control over financial reporting to remediate
our material weakness, as more fully described above. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we
can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

PART II OTHER
INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

We have identified
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. If we are unable to develop and maintain
an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely
manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

As described elsewhere in
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to
the Company s accounting and reporting of complex financial instruments. As a result of this material weakness, our management has
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024. See Part I. Item 4. Controls and Procedures
included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We have taken measures to remediate the material weaknesses described herein. However,
if we are unable to remediate our material weaknesses in a timely manner or we identify additional material weaknesses, we may be unable
to provide required financial information in a timely and reliable manner and we may incorrectly report financial information. Likewise,
if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange
on which our common stock are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. The existence of material weaknesses in internal control
over financial reporting could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of us, which could have a negative effect on the
trading price of our shares. We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the
material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future
due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. Even
if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to
prevent or identify irregularities to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 

39 

A material weakness is a
deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely
basis. 

Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material
weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. 

If we identify any new material
weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our
accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may
be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable
stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result.
We cannot assure you that any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

Changes in laws or regulations
or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect
our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. We will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements.
Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination and results of operations. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC
issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs (defined below)
and private operating companies; the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of
projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants
in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which special purpose acquisition companies SPACs could
become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment
as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and
activities. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in a revised form, may increase the costs of and the time needed
to negotiate and complete an initial business combination, and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial
business combination. 

We may be subject to the
1 excise tax instituted under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in connection with redemptions we conduct after December 31, 2022. 

On August 16, 2022, the
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things,
a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing
corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair
market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. For purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations
are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the
same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax.
Any redemption or other repurchase we conduct after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise,
may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, 

40 

extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases
in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and
amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection
with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and
other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics
of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand
to complete a Business Combination or otherwise inhibit our ability to complete a Business Combination. 

Item 2. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults
Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures 

None. 

Item 5. Other Information 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director
or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, 
as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

41 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note dated March 13, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2023) 

10.2 
 
 Promissory Note dated April 13, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 14, 2023) 

10.3 
 
 Letter Agreement dated as of April 17, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 21, 2023) 

10.4 
 
 Promissory Note dated April 19, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2023) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

Filed herewith. 

These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized. 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Douglas Davis 

Name: 
 Douglas Davis 

Title: 
 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

BANNIX ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik Klinger 

Name: 
 Erik Klinger 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e6108_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Douglas Davis, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bannix Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Douglas Davis 

Douglas Davis 

Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e6108_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Erik Klinger, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bannix Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Erik Klinger 

Erik Klinger 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e6108_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bannix
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Douglas Davis 

Douglas Davis 

Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 e6108_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bannix
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Erik Klinger 

Erik Klinger 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 binxu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 binxu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 binxu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 binxu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

