<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1108205_0001108205-24-000072.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5021364</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>124627</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1048834</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1374724</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1351666</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1042837</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001108205-24-000072.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114080523
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001108205-24-000072
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CURIS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001108205
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				043505116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30347
		FILM NUMBER:		241457317

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		128 SPRING STREET
		STREET 2:		BUILDING C, SUITE 500
		CITY:			LEXINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02421
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-503-6500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		128 SPRING STREET
		STREET 2:		BUILDING C, SUITE 500
		CITY:			LEXINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02421

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001108205-24-000072.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 cris-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cris-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark one) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 11, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 CURIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Page Number PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Unaudited Financial Statements 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 30 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 30 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 30 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 31 
 Signatures 
 32 

2 

Table of Contents 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Industry Data 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this report are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including without limitation any statements with respect to the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; statements concerning product research, development and commercialization plans, timelines and anticipated results; statements of expectation or belief; statements with respect to clinical trials and studies; statements with respect to royalties and milestones; statements with respect to the therapeutic potential of drug candidates; expectations of revenue, expenses, earnings or losses from operations, or other financial results; and statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Without limiting the foregoing, the words anticipate(s) , believe(s) , focus(es) , could , estimate(s) , expect(s) , intend(s) , may , plan(s) , seek(s) , will , strategy , mission , potential , should , would and other similar language, whether in the negative or affirmative, are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 the initiation, timing, progress and results of future preclinical studies and clinical trials, and our research and development program for emavusertib; 
 our estimates of the period in which we anticipate that existing cash and cash equivalents will enable us to fund our current and planned operations; 
 our ability to continue as a going concern; 
 our ability to obtain additional financing; 
 our ability to establish and maintain collaborations; 
 our plans to develop and commercialize emavusertib; 
 the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals; 
 the implementation of our business model and strategic plans for our business, drug candidate and technology; 
 our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue and capital requirements; 
 developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry; 
 our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy; 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility of our products; 
 our competitive position; and 
 our intellectual property position. 
 Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We therefore caution you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements include the factors discussed below under the heading Risk Factor Summary and the risk factors detailed further in Item 1A, Risk Factors of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and, if applicable, those included under Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 This report includes statistical and other industry and market data that we obtained from industry publications and research, surveys, and studies conducted by third parties as well as our own estimates. All of the market data used in this report involve a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such data. Industry publications and third party research, surveys, and studies generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. Our estimates of the potential market opportunities for emavusertib include several key assumptions based on our industry knowledge, industry publications, third party research, and other surveys, which may be based on a small sample size and may fail to accurately reflect market opportunities. While we believe that our internal assumptions are reasonable, no independent source has verified such assumptions. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 The forward-looking statements included in this report represent our estimates as of the filing date of this report. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the future. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our estimates or views as of any date subsequent to the date of this report. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factor Summary 
 Investment in our securities involves risk. You should carefully consider the following summary of what we believe to be the principal risks facing our business, in addition to the risks described more fully in Item 1A, Risk Factors of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and, if applicable, those included under Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other information included in this report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also impair our business operations. 
 If any of the following risks occurs, our business, financial condition, and results of operations and future growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected, and the actual outcomes of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this report could be materially different from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. 
 We have identified conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 We have incurred substantial losses, expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future and may never generate significant revenue or achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We will require substantial additional capital, and if we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our drug development program or commercialization efforts. 
 We are dependent on the success of our lead clinical stage drug candidate emavusertib, for which we are conducting the TakeAim Leukemia Phase 1/2 and TakeAim Lymphoma Phase 1/2 studies and a Phase 1 safety study of emavusertib in combination with azacitidine and venetoclax to treat acute myeloid leukemia, or AML. If we are unable to commercialize emauvsertib, or if we experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 We have never obtained marketing approval for a drug candidate and we may be unable to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approval for emavusertib or any future drug candidates that we, or any future collaborators, may develop. 
 We may not be successful in establishing additional strategic collaborations, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize emavusertib. 
 We rely in part on third parties to conduct clinical trials of emavusertib and if such third parties perform inadequately, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials, research or testing, then we may not be able to successfully develop and commercialize emavusertib and grow our business. 
 Even if we complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, the marketing approval process is expensive, time consuming and uncertain and may prevent us or any future collaborators from obtaining approvals for the commercialization of emavusertib. 
 We face substantial competition, and our competitors may discover, develop or commercialize drugs before or more successfully than we do. 
 We may not be able to obtain and maintain patent protection for our technologies and drugs, our licensors may not be able to obtain and maintain patent protection for the technology or drugs that we license from them, and the patent protection we or they do obtain may not be sufficient to stop our competitors from using similar technology. 
 The alleged events of default, or any future allegations of an event of default, under the Oberland Purchase Agreement could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and stock price, including our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 If we are not able to attract and retain key management and scientific personnel and advisors, we may not successfully develop emavusertib or achieve our other business objectives. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CURIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Restricted cash, long-term Operating lease right-of-use asset Other assets Goodwill Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of operating lease liability Current portion of liability related to sale of future royalties Total current liabilities Long-term operating lease liability Liability related to sale of future royalties, net Total liabilities Stockholders equity (deficit): Preferred stock, par value shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 CURIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues, net Operating expenses: Cost of royalties Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income: Interest income Income (expense) related to the sale of future royalties ) ) Total other income Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per common share (basic and diluted) Weighted average common shares (basic and diluted) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income: Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 CURIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount December 31, 2023 ) Stock-based compensation Unrealized gain on marketable securities Net loss ) ) March 31, 2024 ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans, net of shares received to settle minimum tax obligation for vesting of restricted stock awards ) Issuance of shares in connection with 2024 Sales Agreement, net of issuance costs Unrealized loss on marketable securities ) ) Net loss ) ) June 30, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of shares in connection with 2024 Sales Agreement, net of issuance costs Cancellation of restricted stock awards ) Unrealized loss on marketable securities ) ) Net loss ) ) September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount December 31, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans Unrealized gain on marketable securities Net loss ) ) March 31, 2023 ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans, including restricted stock awards Unrealized loss on marketable securities ) ) Net loss ) ) June 30, 2023 ) Issuance of shares in connection with 2023 Registered Direct, net of issuance costs Stock-based compensation Cancellation of restricted stock awards ) ) ) Unrealized gain on marketable securities Net loss ) ) September 30, 2023 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 CURIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash lease expense Stock-based compensation expense Non-cash activity related to the sale of future royalties ) ) Amortization of premiums and discounts on investments ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Operating lease liability ) ) Total adjustments Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of investments ) ) Sales and maturities of investments Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Payment of liability related to the sale of future royalties ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental cash flow data: Issuance costs in accrued expenses and accounts payable Cash paid for interest Increase in right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash, long-term Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 CURIS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 1. 
 billion as of September 30, 2024, and incurred a net loss of million and used million of cash in operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company expects to continue to generate operating losses in the foreseeable future. 
 In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), the Company has concluded there are conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are issued. Based on the Company's million of existing cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2024, the net proceeds of approximately million from the October 2024 Offerings discussed below in Note 9, Common Stock to these Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, recurring losses and cash outflows from operations since inception, an expectation of continuing losses and cash outflows from operations for the foreseeable future and the need to raise additional capital to finance the Company's future operations, the Company concluded it does not have sufficient cash on hand to support current operations for the next 12 months from the date of filing this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 The Company plans to seek additional funding through a number of potential avenues, including private or public equity financings, collaborations, or other strategic transactions. The Company may not be able to obtain funding on acceptable terms, or at all. The terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of the Company s stockholders. The Company s ability to raise additional funds will depend, among other factors, on financial, economic and market conditions, many of which are outside of its control, and it may be unable to raise financing when needed, or on terms favorable to the 
 11 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 
 In the opinion of the management of the Company, the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contain all adjustments (all of which were considered normal and recurring) necessary for a fair statement of the Company s financial position at September 30, 2024; the results of operations for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; stockholders' equity (deficit) for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; and the cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2023 was derived from audited annual financial statements but does not contain all of the footnote disclosures from the annual financial statements. 
 The Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. In accordance with FASB ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), the Company has concluded there are conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are issued. The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 million of its cash as restricted cash as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. These amounts represent the security deposit associated with the Company s Lexington, Massachusetts headquarters. 
 The Company s short-term investments are marketable debt securities with original maturities of greater than three months from the date of purchase, but less than 12 months from the balance sheet date. Marketable securities consist of commercial paper, corporate bonds and notes, and/or government obligations. All of the Company s investments have been designated available-for-sale and are stated at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on investments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a separate component of stockholders equity (deficit). Interest income is included in other income (expense) in the period during which it is earned. Any premium or discount arising at purchase is amortized and/or accreted to interest income. 
 (d) 
 12 

Table of Contents 

(e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 13 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 Total 
 
 (in thousands) Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Fair Value As of December 31, 2023: Cash equivalents: Money market funds U.S. treasury securities and government agency obligations Corporate debt securities and commercial paper Short-term investments: Corporate debt securities and commercial paper U.S. treasury securities and government agency obligations Total 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 ) U.S. treasury securities and government agency obligations ) Total investments ) 
 The weighted average maturity of short-term investments was years at December 31, 2023. 
 credit losses on available-for-sale securities were recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. In its evaluation to determine expected credit losses, management considered all available historical and current information, expectations of future economic conditions, the type of security, the credit rating of the security, and the size of the loss position, as well as other relevant information. As of September 30, 2024, all of the Company's investments have matured. 
 investments that were in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer. 
 
 5. 
 Research and development costs Professional and legal fees Other Total 
 
 6. 
 prior to December 31, 2025, or by June 30, 2024. The Company previously expected the lease to end as of December 31, 2025, and the Company no longer expects the lease to end early, which was accounted for as a lease modification. The lease will expire on April 30, 2027. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized an increase of million to the lease liability and right-of-use asset as a result of the lease modification. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an operating lease liability of million and related right-of-use asset of million related to its operating lease. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had an operating lease liability of million and related right-of-use asset of million related to its operating lease. 
 million during both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and million during both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company paid million in rent for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and million in rent for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The discount rate associated with the Company s lease liability is . 
 
 7. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million less certain transaction expenses. Curis Royalty will also be entitled to receive up to million in milestone payments based on sales of Erivedge if the Purchasers receive payments pursuant to the Oberland Purchase Agreement in excess of million on or prior to December 31, 2026. 
 The Oberland Purchase Agreement provides that after the occurrence of an event of default as defined under the security agreement by Curis Royalty, the Purchasers shall have the option, for a period of days, to require Curis Royalty to repurchase a portion of certain royalty and royalty related payments, excluding a portion of non-U.S. royalties retained by Curis Royalty (referred to as the Purchased Receivables ), at a price (referred to as the Put/Call Price ), equal to of the sum of the upfront purchase price and any portion of the milestone payments paid in a lump sum by the Purchasers, if any, minus certain payments previously received by the Purchasers with respect to the Purchased Receivables. The Company concluded that this put option is an embedded derivative that requires bifurcation from the deferred royalty obligation and evaluates the fair value of the put option each reporting period. The estimated fair value of the put option is immaterial as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Additionally, Curis Royalty shall have the option at any time to repurchase the Purchased Receivables at the Put/Call Price as of the date of such repurchase. No events of default occurred as of September 30, 2024. 
 As a result of the obligation to pay future royalties to the Purchasers, the Company recorded the proceeds as a liability on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. It accounts for the liability and interest expense using the interest method over the expected life of the Oberland Purchase Agreement. As a result, the Company imputes interest on the transaction and records imputed interest expense at the estimated interest rate. The Company s estimate of the interest rate under the Oberland Purchase Agreement is based on the amount of royalty payments expected to be received by the Purchasers over the life of the Oberland Purchase Agreement and is currently . The projected amount of royalty payments expected to be paid to the Purchasers involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the revenue growth rate in the Company s projections of sales of Erivedge. The Company periodically assesses the expected royalty payments to Curis Royalty from Genentech using a combination of historical results and forecasts from market data sources. To the extent such payments are greater or less than the current estimates or the timing of such payments is materially different than the original estimates, the Company prospectively adjusts the amortization of the liability. 
 The Company determined the fair value of the liability related to the sale of future royalties at the time of the Oberland Purchase Agreement to be million. The Company incurred million of transaction costs in connection with the Oberland Purchase Agreement. These transaction costs will be amortized to imputed interest expense over the estimated term of the Oberland Purchase Agreement. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Other ) Less: payments to the Purchasers ) Carrying value of liability related to the sale of future royalties at September 30, 2024 
 Less current portion Carrying value of liability related to the sale of future royalties at September 30, 2024, net of current portion 
 
 The Company has revised the liability related to the sale of future royalties, net to adjust for an immaterial misclassification of the presentation of this liability between long term and short term. 
 Liability related to sale of future royalties, net ) December 31, 2023 Current portion of liability related to sale of future royalties Liability related to sale of future royalties, net ) December 31, 2022 Current portion of liability related to sale of future royalties Liability related to sale of future royalties, net ) 
 The revisions increased total current liabilities by the amounts noted above and have no impact on total liabilities for any of the periods presented. The revisions did not impact the statement of operations and comprehensive loss, the statement of cash flows, or the statement of stockholders' equity (deficit). 
 In March 2023, Curis and Curis Royalty received a letter from counsel to Oberland Capital Management, LLC, the Purchasers and the Agent alleging certain defaults of the Oberland Purchase Agreement and demanding cure of one of the asserted defaults. The Purchasers have not attempted to exercise the put option. Curis and Curis Royalty dispute these allegations. If Oberland elects to pursue these claims, and if Curis and Curis Royalty are unsuccessful in defending against these claims, it could have a material adverse impact on Curis and Curis Royalty, including their ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has not received any further communication on this topic from counsel to Oberland Capital Management, LLC, the Purchasers or the Agent since the March 2023 letter. As of September 30, 2024, the estimated amount of the Put/Call Price is million. 
 
 8. 
 to . The royalty rate applicable to Erivedge may be decreased by on a country-by-country basis in certain specified circumstances. Cost of royalties comprises payments to university licensors and was not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 The Company had account receivables from Genentech under this collaboration of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, in its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 As previously discussed in Note 7, Liability Related to the Sale of Future Royalties, a significant portion of royalty revenues received from Genentech on net sales of Erivedge will be paid to the Purchasers pursuant to the Oberland Purchase Agreement. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million per program, related to regulatory approval and commercial sales milestones, plus specified additional payments for approvals for additional indications, if any. 
 
 9. 
 shares to shares. 
 Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC 
 In March 2021, the Company entered into a sales agreement (the 2021 Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC JonesTrading ). In February 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated sales agreement with Cantor and JonesTrading (the 2024 Sales Agreement ), which supersedes the 2021 Sales Agreement. Pursuant to the 2024 Sales Agreement, the Company can sell from time to time shares of the Company s common stock through an at-the-market offering program under which Cantor and JonesTrading act as sales agents. Subject to the terms and conditions of the 2024 Sales Agreement, Cantor and JonesTrading can sell the common stock by any method deemed to be an at-the-market offering as defined in Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the 2024 Sales Agreement, the aggregate compensation payable to each of Cantor and JonesTrading is of the gross proceeds from sales of the common stock sold by Cantor or JonesTrading, as applicable. The Company sold and shares of common stock under the 2024 Sales Agreement representing gross proceeds of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, million of shares of common stock remained available for sale under the 2024 Sales Agreement. 
 October 2024 Offerings 
 shares of the Company's common stock and (ii) in a concurrent private placement, unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company's common stock (the Unregistered Warrants ), at an exercise price of per share. The registered direct offering and concurrent private placement are collectively referred to as the "October 2024 Offerings". The Unregistered Warrants were exercisable immediately upon closing on October 30, 2024 and will expire following the issuance date. The combined purchase price for one share of common stock and the associated Unregistered Warrant was . The net proceeds to the Company from the October 2024 Offerings were approximately million, excluding the proceeds from any exercise of the Unregistered Warrants. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 stockholder-approved, stock-based compensation plans: (i) the Fifth Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan 2010 Plan and (ii) the Amended and Restated 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended ESPP ). New employees are generally issued options as an inducement equity award under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) outside of the 2010 Plan Inducement Awards ). 
 The Fifth Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan 
 The 2010 Plan permits the granting of incentive and non-qualified stock options and stock awards to employees, officers, directors, and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries at prices determined by the Company s board of directors. In May 2024, the Company's stockholders approved the amendment and restatement of the 2010 Plan to reserve an additional shares of common stock for issuance under the 2010 Plan. The Company can issue up to shares of its common stock pursuant to awards granted under the 2010 Plan. Options vest and become exercisable based on a schedule determined by the board of directors and expire up to from the date of grant. The 2010 Plan uses a fungible share concept under which each share of stock subject to awards granted as options and stock appreciation rights SARs will cause share per share under the award to be removed from the available share pool, while each share of stock subject to awards granted as restricted stock, restricted stock units, other stock-based awards or performance awards where the price charged for the award is less than of the fair market value of the Company s common stock will cause shares per share under the award to be removed from the available share pool. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has only granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise price equal to the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the grant date and issued restricted stock awards ("RSAs") at no cost to Company employees, excluding officers. As of September 30, 2024, shares remained available for grant under the 2010 Plan. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s board of directors granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock to officers and employees of the Company under the 2010 Plan. These options vest and become exercisable as to of the shares underlying the awards after the first year and as to an additional of the shares underlying the awards in each subsequent quarter, based upon continued employment over a period, and are exercisable at a price equal to the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s board of directors granted options to its non-employee directors to purchase shares of common stock under the 2010 Plan, which will vest and become exercisable in from the date of grant. These options were granted at an exercise price that equaled the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 
 Inducement Awards 
 The Company grants Inducement Awards to certain new employees. These options generally vest as to of the shares underlying the option on the first anniversary of the grant date, and as to an additional of the shares underlying the option on each successive quarter thereafter. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s board of directors granted Inducement Awards to purchase shares of common stock. These options are granted at an exercise price that equals the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised Canceled/Forfeited ) Outstanding, September 30, 2024 
 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 Vested and unvested expected to vest at September 30, 2024 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, and were calculated using 
 Risk free interest rate - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 Expected dividends None None 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested employee stock option awards outstanding, which is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted average period of years. There were employee stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The intrinsic value of employee stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was not material. 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 Awarded Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested, September 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024, there were shares outstanding underlying RSAs that are expected to vest. As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation costs related to RSAs, which are expected to be recognized as expense over a remaining weighted average period of years. The fair value of RSAs that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. There were RSAs that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The weighted average grant date fair value of RSAs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was . 
 Amended and Restated 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended 
 In May 2024, the Company's stockholders approved an amendment to the ESPP to reserve an additional shares of common stock for issuance under the ESPP. The Company has reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the ESPP. Eligible employees may purchase shares of the Company s common stock at of the lower closing market price of the common stock at the beginning of the enrollment period or ending date of the purchase period within a enrollment period, as defined. The Company has purchase periods per each enrollment period. If, within any one of the purchase periods in an enrollment period, the purchase period ending stock price is lower than the stock price at the beginning of the enrollment period, the enrollment resets at the new lower stock price. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, shares were issued under the ESPP. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, shares were issued under the ESPP. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares available for future purchase under the ESPP. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expenses Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 11. 
 and and unvested RSAs of and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis and set forth elsewhere in this report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements, based on current expectations and related to future events and our future financial and operational performance, that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the discussion above under the heading Risk Factor Summary and the risk factors detailed further in Item 1A, Risk Factors of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and, if applicable, those included under Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. As used throughout this report, the terms the Company, we, us, and our refer to the business of Curis, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, except where the context otherwise requires, and the term Curis refers to Curis, Inc. 
 
 Overview 
 Emavusertib 
 We are a biotechnology company focused on the development of emavusertib (CA-4948), an orally available, small molecule inhibitor of Interleukin-1 receptor associated kinase, or IRAK4. IRAK4 plays an essential role in the toll-like receptor, or TLR, and interleukin-1 receptor, or IL-1R, signaling pathways, which are frequently dysregulated in patients with cancer. TLRs and the IL-1R family signal through the adaptor protein Myeloid Differentiation Primary Response Protein 88, which results in the assembly and activation of IRAK4, initiating a signaling cascade that induces cytokine and survival factor expression mediated by the NF- B protein complex. Many B-cell leukemias and lymphomas are associated with constitutive activation of the NF- B protein complex which contributes to these cancer s proliferation and survival. The B-cell receptor, or BCR, and TLR pathways drive NF- B activation. Preclinical studies demonstrated that targeting both the BCR and TLR pathways was more synergistic than targeting either pathway alone. Similarly, preclinical studies targeting IRAKi in combination with FMS like tyrosine kinase 3, or FLT3, have demonstrated the ability to overcome the adaptive resistance incurred when targeting FLT3 alone. In acute myeloid leukemia, or AML, patient derived xenografts, emavusertib has shown monotherapy anti-tumor activity as well as synergy with both azacitidine and venetoclax. In the clinic, emavusertib has shown anti-tumor activity across a broad range of hematologic malignancies including monotherapy activity in AML, particularly those with a FLT3 mutation. In non-Hodgkin's lymphoma patients, particularly in primary central nervous system lymphoma, or PCNSL, emavusertib has shown anti-tumor activity in combination with a Bruton Tyrosine Kinase, or BTK, inhibitor. 
 In May 2024, we streamlined our operations to focus on the TakeAim Lymphoma Phase 1/2 study, portions of the TakeAim Leukemia Phase 1/2 study, our AML Triplet study, and ongoing investigator-sponsored studies in solid tumors. We 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 intend to complete the planned enrollment in the TakeAim Leukemia Phase 1/2 study and we deprioritized other efforts resulting in an approximate 30 reduction in our workforce. 
 TakeAim Leukemia 
 Emavusertib is currently undergoing testing in a Phase 1/2 open-label, single arm expansion trial in patients with relapsed or refractory, or R/R, AML and high-risk myelodysplastic syndromes, or hrMDS, also known as the TakeAim Leukemia Phase 1/2 study. In January and December 2022, July and December 2023, and May 2024, we presented clinical data for patients from the ongoing TakeAim Leukemia Phase 1/2 study. We expect additional data from this study in December 2024. 
 TakeAim Lymphoma 
 I n addition to the TakeAim Leukemia Phase 1/2 study, we are testing emavusertib in combination with ibrutinib, a BTK inhibitor, in a Phase 1/2 open-label, single arm expansion trial in patients with R/R PCNSL, also known as the TakeAim Lymphoma Phase 1/2 study. In June 2022 and December 2023, we provided preliminary clinical data for patients with various hematological malignancies in the combination portion of the ongoing TakeAim Lymphoma Phase 1/2 study. In December 2023, we provided clinical and safety data of emavusertib in combination with ibrutinib in several non-Hodgkin's lymphoma subtypes including PCNSL patients. In September 2024, we provided additional clinical data of emavusertib in combination with ibrutinib in R/R PCNSL. We expect additional data from this study in December 2024 as well as in the first quarter of 2025. 
 AML Triplet Study 
 We have initiated a Phase 1 clinical study of emavusertib as an add-on agent to the combination of azacitidine and venetoclax to assess the safety of the triplet regimen in AML, which we refer to as the AML Triplet study. The AML Triplet study is currently being conducted in Spain, Germany, and Italy. We expect initial safety data from this study in the first quarter of 2025. 
 Our Collaborations and License Agreements 
 We are party to a collaboration agreement with Genentech Inc., or Genentech, a member of the Roche Group, under which Genentech and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, or Roche, are commercializing Erivedge (vismodegib), a first-in-class orally administered small molecule Hedgehog signaling pathway antagonist. Erivedge is approved for the treatment of advanced basal cell carcinoma. 
 In January 2015, we entered into an exclusive collaboration agreement with Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited, or Aurigene, for the discovery, development and commercialization of small molecule compounds in the areas of immuno-oncology and precision oncology. We have licensed programs under the Aurigene collaboration, including emavusertib. In September 2024, we agreed that Aurigene would expand its rights to develop and commercialize CA-170 worldwide, whereas such rights had previously been limited to development and commercialization in India, Russia, and the rest of Asia. CA-170 is a PD1/VISTA program that we previously licensed. 
 Liquidity 
 Since our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through private and public placements of our equity securities, license fees, contingent cash payments, royalties and research and development funding from our corporate collaborators, and the monetization of certain royalty rights. We have never been profitable on an annual basis and had an accumulated deficit of 1.2 billion as of September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred a net loss of 33.8 million and used 30.3 million of cash in operations. 
 We expect to continue to generate operating losses in the foreseeable future. Based upon our current operating plan, we believe that our 20.9 million of existing cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2024 and the net proceeds of approximately 10.8 million from the October 2024 Offerings discussed below should enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into mid-2025. We have based this assessment on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we expect. Our current cash and cash equivalents are not expected to fund our operations beyond 12 months from the date of filing this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Funding Requirements below and Note 1, Nature of Business, in the accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a further discussion of our liquidity and the conditions and events that raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve profitability, and do not expect to achieve profitability in the foreseeable future, if at all. We will require additional funding to fund the development of emavusertib through regulatory approval and commercialization, and to support our continued operations. We will need to seek additional funding through a 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 number of potential avenues, including private or public equity financings, collaborations, or other strategic transactions. If sufficient funds are not available, we will have to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate our research and development program for emavusertib, including related clinical trials and operating expenses, potentially delaying the time to market for or preventing the marketing of emavusertib, which could adversely affect our business prospects and our ability to continue our operations, and would have a negative impact on our financial condition and ability to pursue our business strategies. In addition, we may seek to engage in one or more strategic alternatives, such as a strategic partnership with one or more parties, the licensing, sale or divestiture of some of our assets or proprietary technologies or the sale of our company, but there can be no assurance that we would be able to enter into such a transaction or transactions on a timely basis or on terms favorable to us, or at all. 
 
 Key Drivers 
 We believe that near term key drivers to our success will include: 
 our ability to focus and successfully plan and execute current and planned clinical trials for emavusertib, and for such clinical trials to generate favorable data; 
 our ability to raise additional financing to fund operations; and/or 
 our ability to collaborate or license emavusertib and to successfully develop and commercialize emavusertib. 
 Our Collaborations and License Agreements 
 For information regarding our collaboration and license agreements, refer to Note 8, Research and Development Collaborations , in the accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Note 10, Research and Development Collaborations, in Item 8 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on February 8, 2024. 
 
 Financial Operations Overview 
 
 General. Our future operating results will largely depend on the progress of emavusertib. The results of our operations will vary significantly from year to year and quarter to quarter and depend on, among other factors, the cost and outcome of any preclinical development or clinical trials then being conducted. For a discussion of our liquidity and funding requirements, see Liquidity and Liquidity and Capital Resources Funding Requirements . 
 Liability Related to the Sale of Future Royalties . In March 2019, we and our wholly owned subsidiary, Curis Royalty LLC, or Curis Royalty, entered into the royalty interest purchase agreement, or the Oberland Purchase Agreement, with entities managed by Oberland Capital Management, LLC, or the Purchasers, and Lind SA LLC, as collateral agent for the Purchasers, or Agent. Pursuant to the Oberland Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers acquired the rights to a portion of certain royalty and royalty-related payments excluding a portion of non-U.S. royalties retained by Curis Royalty, referred to as the Purchased Receivables, owed by Genentech under our collaboration agreement with Genentech. Upon closing of the Oberland Purchase Agreement, Curis Royalty received proceeds of 65.0 million, less certain transaction costs, from the Purchasers. Curis Royalty will also be entitled to receive milestone payments of 53.5 million if the Purchasers receive payments pursuant to the Oberland Purchase Agreement in excess of 117.0 million on or prior to December 31, 2026, which milestone payments may each be paid, at the option of the Purchasers, in a lump sum in cash or out of the Purchaser s portion of future payments under the Oberland Purchase Agreement. 
 The Oberland Purchase Agreement has default provisions, that if triggered, would require Curis Royalty to repurchase 250 of the difference of the sum of proceeds received under the Oberland Purchase Agreement less certain payments previously received by the Purchasers with respect to the Purchased Receivables, or Put/Call Price. In March 2023, we and Curis Royalty received a letter from counsel to Oberland Capital Management, LLC, the Purchasers and the Agent, alleging certain defaults of the Oberland Purchase Agreement and demanding cure of one of the asserted defaults. Purchasers have not attempted to exercise the put option. We and Curis Royalty dispute these allegations. However, if Oberland elects to pursue these claims, and if we and Curis Royalty are unsuccessful in defending against these claims, it could have a material adverse impact on us and Curis Royalty, including the ability of us and Curis Royalty to continue as a going concern. We have not received any further communication on this topic from counsel to Oberland Capital Management, LLC, the Purchasers or the Agent since the March 2023 letter. As of September 30, 2024, the estimated amount of the Put/Call Price is 41.0 million. 
 For a discussion of the Oberland Purchase Agreement, see Liquidity and Capital Resources Royalty Interest Purchase Agreement . A further discussion of risks related to the letter from counsel to Oberland Capital Management, LLC, the 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Purchasers and the Agent, is set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Revenue. We do not expect to generate any revenues from our direct sale of products for several years, if ever. Substantially all of our revenues to date have been derived from license fees, research and development payments, and other amounts that we have received from our strategic collaborators and licensees, including royalty payments. We recognize royalty revenues related to Genentech s sales of Erivedge, and we expect to continue to recognize royalty revenue in future quarters from Genentech s sales of Erivedge in the U.S. and Roche s sales of Erivedge outside of the U.S. However, a significant portion of our royalty and royalty-related revenues under our collaboration with Genentech will be paid to the Purchasers, pursuant to the Oberland Purchase Agreement. The Oberland Purchase Agreement will terminate upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which Curis Royalty s rights to receive the Purchased Receivables owed by Genentech under the Genentech collaboration agreement have terminated in their entirety or (ii) the date on which payment in full of the Put/Call Price is received by the Purchasers pursuant to the Purchasers exercise of their put option or Curis Royalty s exercise of its call right. For additional information regarding the provisions of the Oberland Purchase Agreement, see Note 7, Liability Related to the Sale of Future Royalties , in the accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 We could receive additional milestone payments from Genentech, provided that contractually specified development and regulatory objectives are met. Also, we could receive milestone payments from the Purchasers, provided that contractually specified royalty payment amounts are met within applicable time periods. Our only source of revenues and/or cash flows from operations for the foreseeable future will be royalty payments that are contingent upon the continued commercialization of Erivedge under our collaboration with Genentech, and contingent cash payments for the achievement of clinical, development and regulatory objectives, if any, that are met, under our collaboration with Genentech. Our receipt of additional payments under our collaboration with Genentech cannot be assured, nor can we predict the timing of any such payments, as the case may be. 
 Research and Development. Research and development expense primarily consists of costs incurred to develop emavusertib. These expenses consist primarily of: 
 salaries and related expenses for personnel, including stock-based compensation expense; 
 costs of conducting clinical trials, including amounts paid to clinical centers, clinical research organizations and consultants, among others; 
 other outside service costs, including regulatory costs and costs for contract manufacturing; 
 the cost of companion drugs; 
 facility costs; and 
 certain payments that we make to Aurigene under our collaboration agreement, including, for example, milestone payments. 
 We expense research and development costs as incurred. 
 Research and development activities are central to our business model. Drug candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. As a result, we expect that our research and development expenses will increase substantially over the next several years as we conduct larger clinical trials of emavusertib; prepare regulatory filings for emavusertib; continue to develop additional drug candidates; and potentially advance our drug candidates into later stages of clinical development. 
 The successful development and commercialization of emavusertib is highly uncertain. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing and costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the preclinical and clinical development of emavusertib. This uncertainty is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development and commercialization, including the uncertainty of: 
 our ability to successfully enroll our current and future clinical trials and our ability to initiate future clinical trials; 
 the scope, quality of data, rate of progress and cost of clinical trials and other research and development activities undertaken by us or our collaborators; 
 the cost and timing of regulatory approvals and maintaining compliance with regulatory requirements; 
 the results of future preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 the cost of establishing clinical and commercial supplies of emavusertib and any products that we may develop; 
 the cost and timing of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities; 
 our ability to become and remain profitable, which requires that we, either alone or with collaborators, must develop and eventually commercialize emavusertib with significant market potential and successfully launch a product for commercial sale; 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments; and 
 the cost and effectiveness of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights. 
 Any changes in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of emavusertib could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of emavusertib. For example, if the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or another regulatory authority requests additional or unanticipated data for our clinical trials or requires us to conduct clinical trials or other testing beyond those that we currently expect, or if we experience significant delays in enrollment in any of our clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time to complete clinical development of that drug candidate. We may never obtain regulatory approval for emavusertib. If we do obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidate, drug commercialization will take several years and the associated costs will be significant. 
 A further discussion of some of the risks and uncertainties associated with completing our research and development programs on schedule, or at all, and some consequences of failing to do so, are set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and, if applicable, those included under Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 General and Administrative. General and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense for personnel in executive, finance, accounting, business development, legal, information technology, corporate communications and human resource functions. Other costs include facility costs not otherwise included in research and development expense, insurance, and professional fees for legal, patent and accounting services. Patent costs include certain patents covered under collaborations, a portion of which is reimbursed by collaborators and a portion of which is borne by us. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosure of certain assets and liabilities at our balance sheet date. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe to be appropriate under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of certain liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to our critical accounting estimates as reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on February 8, 2024. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Percentage Increase (Decrease) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Percentage Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) (in thousands) Revenues, net: 2,931 2,833 3 7,563 7,327 3 Costs and expenses: Cost of royalties 22 60 (63) 81 158 (49) Research and development 9,723 10,380 (6) 29,594 29,532 General and administrative 3,753 4,761 (21) 13,436 13,770 (2) Other income 475 187 154 1,777 432 311 Net loss (10,092) (12,181) (17) (33,771) (35,701) (5) 
 Revenues, net 
 Revenues, net increased by 0.1 million, or 3 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Revenues, net increased by 0.2 million, or 3 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Revenues, net are primarily comprised of royalties on net sales of Erivedge. 
 Cost of Royalties 
 Cost of royalties is comprised of amounts due to third-party university patent licensors in connection with Genentech and Roche's net sales of Erivedge. 
 Research and Development Expenses. 
 Research and development expenses are summarized as follows: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Percentage Increase (Decrease) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Percentage Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) (in thousands) Direct research and development costs 6,029 6,388 (6) 16,537 17,094 (3) Employee related costs 3,268 3,549 (8) 11,637 10,840 7 Facility related costs 426 443 (4) 1,420 1,598 (11) Total research and development expenses 9,723 10,380 (6) 29,594 29,532 
 
 Research and development expenses decreased by 0.7 million, or 6 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Th e decrease was primarily attributable to lower consulting and employee related costs. 
 Research and development expenses increased by 0.1 million, or less than 1 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to higher employee related and research costs, partially offset by lower consulting costs. 
 We expect that a majority of our research and development expenses for the foreseeable future will be incurred in connection with our efforts to advance emavusertib, including clinical and preclinical development costs, manufacturing, and payments to our collaborators and/or licensors. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative Expenses. 
 General and administrative expenses are summarized as follows: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Percentage Increase (Decrease) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Percentage Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) (in thousands) Employee related costs 1,985 2,294 (13) 6,985 6,876 2 Professional, legal, and consulting costs 979 1,444 (32) 3,893 4,053 (4) Facility related costs 573 774 (26) 1,856 2,024 (8) Insurance costs 216 249 (13) 702 817 (14) Total general and administrative expenses 3,753 4,761 (21) 13,436 13,770 (2) 
 General and administrative expenses decreased by 1.0 million, or 21 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower legal and employee related costs. 
 General and administrative expenses decreased by 0.3 million, or 2 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower consulting and insurance costs. 
 Other Income 
 Other income increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared the same periods in 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to a decrease in the non-cash expense related to the sale of future royalties. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have financed our operations primarily through private and public placements of our equity securities, license fees, contingent cash payments and research and development funding from our corporate collaborators, and the monetization of certain royalty rights. See Funding Requirements below and Note 1, Nature of Business , in the accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a further discussion of our liquidity and the conditions and events that raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our principal sources of liquidity consisted of cash and cash equivalents of 20.9 million, excluding restricted cash, long-term of 0.5 million. Our cash equivalents are highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at date of purchase. We maintain cash balances with financial institutions in excess of insured limits. 
 Equity Offerings 
 In March 2021, we entered into a sales agreement, or the 2021 Sales Agreement, with Cantor Fitzgerald Co., or Cantor, and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC, or JonesTrading. In February 2024, we entered into an amended and restated sales agreement, or the 2024 Sales Agreement, with Cantor and JonesTrading, to sell from time to time shares of our common stock through an at-the-market offering program under which Cantor and JonesTrading act as sales agents. The 2024 Sales Agreement superseded the 2021 Sales Agreement. We sold 120,356 and 140,032 shares of common stock under the 2024 Sales Agreement representing gross proceeds of 0.8 million and 1.0 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 In October 2024, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional investors, pursuant to which we agreed to sell and issue: (i) in a registered direct offering, 2,398,414 shares of our common stock and (ii) in a concurrent private placement, unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,398,414 shares of our common stock, or the Unregistered Warrants, at an exercise price of 4.92 per share. We refer to the registered direct offering and concurrent private placement collectively as the October 2024 Offerings. The Unregistered Warrants were exercisable immediately upon closing on October 30, 2024 and will expire five years following the issuance date. The combined purchase price for one share of common stock and the associated Unregistered Warrant was 5.045. The net proceeds we received from the October 2024 Offerings were approximately 10.8 million, excluding the proceeds from any exercise of the Unregistered Warrants. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Royalty Interest Purchase Agreement 
 In March 2019, we and Curis Royalty entered into the Oberland Purchase Agreement with the Purchasers and the Agent. We sold to the Purchasers a portion of our rights to receive royalties from Genentech on potential net sales of Erivedge. 
 As upfront consideration for the purchase of the royalty rights, at closing the Purchasers paid to Curis Royalty 65.0 million less certain transaction expenses. Curis Royalty will also be entitled to receive up to 53.5 million in milestone payments based on sales of Erivedge if the Purchasers receive payments pursuant to the Oberland Purchase Agreement in excess of 117.0 million on or prior to December 31, 2026. For further discussion please refer to Note 7, Liability Related to the Sale of Future Royalties , in the accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 The Oberland Purchase Agreement has default provisions, that if triggered, would require Curis Royalty to repurchase 250 of the difference of the sum of proceeds received under the Oberland Purchase Agreement less the Put/Call Price. In March 2023, we and Curis Royalty received a letter from counsel to Oberland Capital Management, LLC, alleging certain defaults of the Oberland Purchase Agreement and demanding cure of one of the asserted defaults. The Purchasers have not attempted to exercise that put option. We and Curis Royalty dispute these allegations. However, if Oberland elects to pursue these claims, and if we and Curis Royalty are unsuccessful in defending against these claims, it could have a material adverse impact on us and Curis Royalty, including the ability of us and Curis Royalty to continue as a going concern. We have not received any further communication on this topic from counsel to Oberland Capital Management, LLC, the Purchasers or the Agent since the March 2023 letter. As of September 30, 2024, the estimated amount of the Put/Call Price is 41.0 million. 
 A further discussion of risks related to the letter from counsel to Oberland Capital Management, LLC, the Purchasers and the Agent, is set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities consist of our net loss adjusted for various non-cash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 30.3 million and 28.2 million, respectively. Net cash used in operations increased by 2.1 million due to timing of payments. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 29.9 million and 23.3 million, respectively. Cash provided by investing activities during both periods was primarily due to investment activity from purchases and sales or maturities of investments for the respective periods. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities was 5.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and cash provided by financing activities was 9.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to payments related to the Oberland Purchase Agreement, partially offset by proceeds from common stock sold under the 2024 Sales Agreement. Cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to proceeds from the 2023 registered direct offering, partially offset by payments related to the royalty interest for the Oberland Purchase Agreement. 
 Funding Requirements 
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 1.2 billion. We will require substantial funds to continue our research and development program and to fulfill our planned operating goals. Our planned operating and capital requirements currently include the support of our current and future research and development activities for emavusertib as well as development candidates we have and continue to license under our collaboration with Aurigene. We will require substantial additional capital to fund the further development of emavusertib and our general and administrative costs. Moreover, our agreements with collaborators impose significant potential financial obligations on us. 
 Based upon our current operating plan, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents of 20.9 million and the net proceeds of approximately 10.8 million from the October 2024 Offerings as of September 30, 2024, should enable us to fund our existing operations into mid-2025. We have based this assessment on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we expect. Our current cash and cash equivalents are not expected to fund our operations beyond 12 months from the date of filing this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. See Note 1, Nature of 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Business , in the accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a further discussion of our liquidity and the conditions and events that raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. Our resources are focused on emavusertib. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding, we will be forced to delay, reduce in scope or eliminate our research and development program for emavusertib, including related clinical trials and operating expenses, potentially delaying the time to market for, or preventing the marketing of, emavusertib, which could adversely affect our business prospects and our ability to continue operations, and would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategies. Our ability to raise additional funds will depend on financial, economic and market conditions, many of which are outside of our control, and we may be unable to raise financing when needed, or on terms favorable to us, or at all. In addition, we may seek to engage in one or more strategic alternatives, such as a strategic partnership with one or more parties, the licensing, sale or divestiture of some of our assets or proprietary technologies or the sale of our company, but there can be no assurance that we would be able to enter into such a transaction or transactions on a timely basis or on terms favorable to us, or at all. Our failure to raise capital through a financing or strategic alternative as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. If we are unable to obtain sufficient capital, we would be unable to fund our operations and may be required to evaluate alternatives, which could include dissolving and liquidating our assets or seeking protection under the bankruptcy laws, and a determination to file for bankruptcy could occur at a time that is earlier than when we would otherwise exhaust our cash resources. If we decide to dissolve and liquidate our assets or to seek protection under the bankruptcy laws, it is unclear to what extent we would be able to pay our obligations, and, accordingly, it is further unclear whether and to what extent any resources would be available for distributions to stockholders. 
 Furthermore, there are a number of factors that may affect our future capital requirements and further accelerate our need for additional working capital, many of which are outside our control, including the following: 
 unanticipated costs in our research and development programs; 
 the timing and cost of obtaining regulatory approvals for emavusertib and maintaining compliance with regulatory requirements; 
 payments due to licensors, including Aurigene, for patent rights and technology used in our drug development programs; 
 the costs of commercialization activities for emavusertib if it receives marketing approval, to the extent such costs are our responsibility, including the costs and timing of establishing drug sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing capabilities; 
 unplanned costs to prepare, file, prosecute, defend and enforce patent claims and other patent-related costs, including litigation costs and technology license fees; 
 unexpected losses in our cash investments or an inability to otherwise liquidate or access our cash investments due to unfavorable conditions in the capital markets, including volatility and instability in the capital markets; and 
 our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 To become and remain profitable, we, either alone or with collaborators, must develop and eventually commercialize one or more drug candidates with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical testing and clinical trials of our drug candidates, obtaining marketing approval for these drug candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling those drugs for which we may obtain marketing approval and satisfying any post marketing requirements. We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, may never generate revenues that are significant or large enough to achieve profitability. While Erivedge is being commercialized by Genentech and Roche, emavusertib is currently only in early clinical testing. 
 For the foreseeable future, we will need to spend significant capital in an effort to develop and commercialize emavusertib and we expect to incur substantial operating losses. Our failure to become and remain profitable would, among other things, depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our research and development program or continue our operations. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 For detailed information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements and the expected impact on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, see Note 2h, New Accounting Pronouncements , in the accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations 
 There have been no material changes to our contractual obligations set forth under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Contractual Obligations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Not required. 
 
 Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 We are subject to a number of risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and future prospects, including those identified in Item 1A, Risk Factors of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on February 8, 2024. 
 
 Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Director and Officer Trading Arrangements 
 During the third quarter of 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Description 10.1 Third Amendment to Collaboration, License and Option Agreement, dated June 4, 2020, by and between Curis, Inc. and Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited 
 10.2 Fourth Amendment to Collaboration, License and Option Agreement, dated September 16, 2024, by and between Curis, Inc. and Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limite d (formerly known as Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limite d 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 101.INS InLine XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH InLine XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL InLine XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF InLine XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB InLine XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE InLine XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as InLine XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 Furnished herewith 
 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CURIS, INC. Dated: November 14, 2024 By: /S/ JAMES E. DENTZER James E. Dentzer President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) CURIS, INC. By: /S/ DIANTHA DUVALL Diantha Duvall Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 32 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 curisandaurigeneamendno3to.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 
 Certain identified information has been excluded from the exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential. Double asterisks denote omissions. 

THIRD AMENDMENT TO COLLABORATION, LICENSE AND OPTION AGREEMENT 
 This Third Amendment to Collaboration, License and Option Agreement (this Third Amendment is entered into as of June 4, 2020 (the Third Amendment Date ), by and between Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited , a company organized under the laws of India, having an address of 39-40, KIADB Industrial Area, Phase II, Electronic City Hosur Road, Bangalore - 560100 Karnataka, India Aurigene ), and Curis, Inc. , a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware, USA, having an address of 4 Maguire Road, Lexington, Massachusetts 02421-3112, USA Curis ). 
 Recitals 
 Whereas, Aurigene and Curis are parties to that certain Collaboration, License and Option Agreement dated January 18, 2015 (the Original Agreement ), as amended by that certain letter agreement dated November 4, 2015 (the 2015 Letter Agreement ), by that certain First Amendment to Collaboration, License and Option Agreement, dated September 7, 2016 (the First Amendment ), and by that certain Second Amendment to Collaboration, License and Option Agreement, dated February 5, 2020 (the Second Amendment ). As used in this Third Amendment, Agreement shall mean the Original Agreement, as amended by the 2015 Letter Agreement, the First Amendment and the Second Amendment and 
 Whereas, the Parties now wish to amend the Agreement to provide for Aurigene to be responsible for maintaining the global safety database for CA-170 Products, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 Agreement 
 Now, Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Aurigene and Curis agree as follows 
 1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Third Amendment shall have the meanings provided in the Agreement. 
 2. Global Safety Database for CA-170 Products. 
 (a) Notwithstanding the last sentence of Section 5.11 of the Original Agreement or any provision of the PV Agreement to the contrary, commencing as of the Third Amendment Date, Aurigene shall be responsible for maintaining, at its own expense, the global safety database for all CA-170 Products (as defined in the Second Amendment) (the CA-170 Global Safety Database ), subject to the provisions of paragraphs 2(b) and 2(c) of this Third Amendment. 
 1. 

(b) Within of the execution of the Amended and Restated SDEA (Safety Database Exchange Agreement), Curis shall provide to Aurigene true and complete copies of all source documents from the global safety database maintained by Curis for CA-170 Products prior to the Third Amendment Date. Each Party shall comply with its obligations under the PV Agreement mutatis mutandis , as appropriate) with respect to the management, exchange and reporting of Safety Data (as defined in the PV Agreement) regarding CA-170 Products as necessary for Aurigene to maintain the CA-170 Global Safety Database and for Aurigene and Curis to comply with their respective regulatory or legal obligations with respect to CA-170 Products in the Aurigene Territory and the Curis Territory, respectively. 
 (c) The Parties shall cooperate in good faith to make any necessary and appropriate amendments to the PV Agreement to effectuate the foregoing. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Appendix A to the PV Agreement is hereby amended to include the Aurigene Maintenance Therapy Study, and the Parties shall promptly execute a formal amendment (or amendment and restatement) of the PV Agreement to reflect such inclusion. 
 3. Effectiveness of Agreement. Except as expressly amended by this Third Amendment, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
 4. Counterparts. This Third Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original document, and all of which, together with this writing, shall be deemed one instrument. This Third Amendment may be executed by facsimile or PDF signatures, which signatures shall have the same force and effect as original signatures. 
 5. Miscellaneous. For clarity, Section 8.5(b) and Articles 13 and 14 of the Agreement shall apply with respect to this Third Amendment. 
 Signature page follows. 
 
 2. 

In Witness Whereof, the Parties hereto have duly executed this Third Amendment as of the Third Amendment Date. 
 Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited 
 Curis, Inc. 
 By s Murali Ramachandra 
 Name Murali Ramachandra, PhD 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 By s James E. Dentzer 
 Name James E. Dentzer 
 Title President and CEO 

3. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 curisandaurigene4thamendto.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 
 
 Certain identified information has been excluded from the exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential. Double asterisks denote omissions. 

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO COLLABORATION, LICENSE AND OPTION AGREEMENT 
 This Fourth Amendment to Collaboration, License and Option Agreement (this Fourth Amendment is entered into as of September 16, 2024 (the Fourth Amendment Date ), by and between Aurigene Oncology Limited formerly known as Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited), a company organized under the laws of India, having an address of 39-40, KIADB Industrial Area, Phase II, Electronic City Hosur Road, Bangalore - 560100 Karnataka, India Aurigene ), and Curis, Inc. , a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware, USA, having an address of 128 Spring Street, Building C Suite 500, Lexington, Massachusetts 02421-3112, USA Curis ). 
 Recitals 
 Whereas, Aurigene and Curis are parties to that certain Collaboration, License and Option Agreement dated January 18, 2015 (the Original Agreement ), as amended by that certain letter agreement dated November 4, 2015 (the 2015 Letter Agreement ), by that certain First Amendment to Collaboration, License and Option Agreement dated September 7, 2016 (the First Amendment ), by that certain Second Amendment to Collaboration, License and Option Agreement dated February 5, 2020 (the Second Amendment ), and by that certain Third Amendment to Collaboration, License and Option Agreement dated June 4, 2020 (the Third Amendment ). As used in this Fourth Amendment, Agreement shall mean the Original Agreement, as amended by the 2015 Letter Agreement, the First Amendment, the Second Amendment and the Third Amendment 
 Whereas, under the Agreement, Curis has an exclusive license from Aurigene to develop and commercialize Program Compounds and Products for the Licensed Program with respect to PD-1 VISTA (the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program ), including the Program Compound known as CA-170, including any analogs, derivatives, prodrugs and polymorphs thereof, and any salts, crystalline forms, solvates, hydrates and stereoisomers of any of the foregoing (collectively, CA-170 and Products containing CA-170 CA-170 Products ), worldwide, excluding India, Russia and all other countries in Asia, and has certain payment obligations to Aurigene with respect to such development and commercialization 
 Whereas, under the Agreement, Aurigene has an exclusive license from Curis to develop and commercialize Program Compounds and Products for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in India, Russia and all other countries in Asia and 
 Whereas, the Parties now wish to amend the Agreement to, among other things (i) expand Aurigene s territory with respect to all Program Compounds and Products in the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program to all countries and territories of the world and (ii) provide for 

Aurigene to conduct a Pivotal Trial of CA-170 in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 Agreement 
 Now, Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Aurigene and Curis agree as follows 
 1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Fourth Amendment shall have the meanings provided in the Agreement. As used in this Fourth Amendment 
 Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory shall mean the US, EU and all countries and territories other than the Republic of India, the Russian Federation, and the Aurigene CA-170 Territory 
 Aurigene License shall mean a license of the Aurigene Technology or a sublicense under the Aurigene Territory License, in each case, with respect to CA-170 or any CA-170 Product in the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory (or, solely for purposes of paragraph 2(j)(iv) of this Fourth Amendment, in the Aurigene CA-170 Territory) 
 Aurigene Licensee shall mean a Third Party grantee of an Aurigene License, whether such Third Party s Aurigene License was granted to it directly by Aurigene or its Affiliate or indirectly through one or more tiers of sublicense and 
 Aurigene Licensee Royalties shall mean all royalties received by Aurigene and its Affiliates on sales or other dispositions of CA-170 Products by each Aurigene Licensee and its further Aurigene Licensees (if any) in the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory (or, solely for purposes of paragraph 2(j)(iv) of this Fourth Amendment, in the Aurigene CA-170 Territory). 
 2. PD-1 VISTA Rights. Effective as of the Fourth Amendment Date (without limiting paragraph 4(a) of this Fourth Amendment and subject to paragraph 4(d) of this Fourth Amendment) and solely with respect to Program Compounds and Products in the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program 
 (a) References to the Aurigene Territory in the Agreement and this Fourth Amendment shall mean worldwide. 
 (b) Aurigene shall no longer have any obligations, and Curis shall no longer have any rights, under the Second Amendment, except for Aurigene s payment obligations under paragraph 3 of the Second Amendment. 
 2. 

(c) Except in the event of termination of Aurigene s rights under this Fourth Amendment pursuant to paragraph 4(d) hereof, (i) Curis shall no longer have any license or other rights under the Agreement to Aurigene Technology for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program or to research, develop, manufacture or commercialize any Program Compounds or Products for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program, and (ii) Aurigene shall no longer have any obligations under the Agreement with respect to the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program, except for the payment obligations in paragraph 3 of the Second Amendment and except pursuant to this Fourth Amendment. 
 (d) Curis shall no longer have any obligations under the Agreement with respect to the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program to research, develop, manufacture, obtain Regulatory Approval for, or commercialize any Program Compounds or Products for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program anywhere in the world. 
 (e) The SOC shall no longer have any authority or responsibilities with respect to the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program, except that the SOC shall meet , at which meeting Aurigene shall share with Curis its progress and summary results of development of, and efforts to seek and obtain Regulatory Approvals for, the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in the Aurigene Territory. 
 (f) The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Aurigene Territory License under Section 4.4 of the Agreement in the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory is royalty-bearing pursuant to the payment terms set forth in this Fourth Amendment (as well as in the Aurigene CA-170 Territory pursuant to the payment terms set forth in paragraph 3 of the Second Amendment). 
 (g) The Parties respective rights and obligations under Section 4.5(b) of the Agreement shall not apply with respect to Program Compounds and Products in the PD-1 VISTA Program. 
 (h) In addition to the Aurigene Pivotal Trial (as defined below), Aurigene shall have full rights and authority to conduct IND-enabling studies or clinical trials and any other development activities with respect to the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in the Aurigene Territory without application of Section 5.5 of the Agreement. 
 (i) Notwithstanding Section 8.4 or Section 8.5 of the Agreement, Aurigene shall have full rights and authority to publish or present, or issue press releases regarding, Program Technology, including any clinical trial results, with respect to the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program with prior written notice to Curis, and Curis shall have no rights to publish or present, or issue press releases regarding, Program Technology with respect to the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program without Aurigene s prior written consent. 
 3. 

(j) Notwithstanding Sections 10.3(a)(ii), 10.5(b)(ii) and 10.5(e) of the Agreement or paragraph 2(i) of the Second Amendment 
 (i) Aurigene shall have the sole right, but not the obligation, to prosecute and maintain any Aurigene Patent Rights (including Program Patent Rights and Joint Patent Rights) relevant to the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in the Aurigene Territory at its sole cost and expense provided, however, that in the event any Aurigene Patent Rights in the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory or the Aurigene CA-170 Territory are relevant to the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program and one or more other Licensed Programs Multi-Program Aurigene Patent Rights ), Aurigene shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to prosecute and maintain such Multi-Program Aurigene Patent Rights in the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory and the Aurigene CA-170 Territory at its sole cost and expense pursuant to this paragraph 2(j)(i), using counsel reasonably acceptable to Curis, in accordance with the patent prosecution strategy recommended by the Patent Team, and subject to review and comment from Curis, which comments shall be considered in good faith by Aurigene. If Aurigene plans to abandon or cease prosecution or maintenance of any such Multi-Program Aurigene Patent Right in any particular country in the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory or Aurigene CA-170 Territory, Aurigene shall so notify Curis in writing at least in advance of the due date of any payment or other action that is required to prosecute and maintain such Multi-Program Aurigene Patent Right in such country and, upon such notice, Curis shall have the right, but not the obligation, to assume responsibility for prosecution and maintenance of such Multi-Program Aurigene Patent Right at its sole cost and expense 
 (ii) Aurigene shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to prosecute and maintain any Curis Patent Rights in the Aurigene Territory that cover or claim (A) Curis Inventions or Joint Inventions that are necessary or useful for the development, manufacture or commercialization of CA-170 or CA-170 Products or (B) other inventions that are necessary for the development, manufacture or commercialization of CA-170 or CA-170 Products, in each case, at its sole cost and expense using counsel reasonably acceptable to Curis, in accordance with the patent prosecution strategy recommended by the Patent Team for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program, and subject to review and comment from Curis, which comments shall be considered in good faith by Aurigene. If Aurigene plans to abandon or cease prosecution or maintenance of any such Patent Right in any particular country in the Aurigene Territory, Aurigene shall so notify Curis in writing at least in advance of the due date of any payment or other action that is required to prosecute and maintain such Patent Right in such country and, upon such notice, Curis shall have the right, but not the obligation, to assume responsibility for prosecution and maintenance of such Patent Right at its sole cost and expense, and if Curis elects to continue prosecution of such Patent Right in such country, all licenses granted to Aurigene under such Patent Right (or, as applicable, under Curis s interest in such Patent Right) in such country will be terminated 
 4. 

(iii) Aurigene shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to bring and control any action or proceeding against a Third Party for infringement of any Aurigene Patent Right (including any Program Patent Right, Joint Patent Right or Multi-Program Aurigene Patent Right) relevant to the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory or the Aurigene CA-170 Territory with respect to any infringing activity that is competitive with CA-170 or any CA-170 Product, at its own expense and by counsel of its own choice, and Curis shall have the right, at its own expense, to be represented in any such action by counsel of its own choice. If Aurigene fails to bring any such action or proceeding within (A) following its learning of alleged infringement, or (B) before the time limit, if any, set forth in the appropriate laws and regulations for the filing of such actions, whichever comes first, then Curis shall have the right to bring and control any such action, at its own expense and by counsel of its own choice, and Aurigene shall have the right, but not the obligation, at its own expense, to be represented in any such action by counsel of its own choice and 
 (iv) Except as otherwise agreed by the Parties in connection with a cost-sharing arrangement, any recovery realized by a Party as a result of (A) any action or proceeding pursuant to paragraph 2(j)(iii) of this Fourth Amendment or (B) any action or proceeding against a Third Party pursuant to Section 10.5(c) of the Agreement for infringement of any Curis Patent Right in the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory or the Aurigene CA-170 Territory with respect to any infringing activity that is competitive with CA-170 or any CA-170 Product, in each case, whether by way of settlement or otherwise, shall be retained by the Party that brought and controlled such action or proceeding provided, however , that each Party shall be reimbursed for any of its litigation expenses, and any recovery realized by Aurigene as a result of any such action or proceeding (after reimbursement of the Parties litigation expenses) with respect to infringing activity in the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory or the Aurigene CA-170 Territory that is competitive with CA-170 or any CA-170 Product, shall be treated as Aurigene Licensee Royalties in the applicable portion of the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory or the Aurigene CA-170 Territory (as applicable), and Aurigene shall pay Curis the applicable percentage of such recovery in accordance with paragraph 3(b) of this Fourth Amendment or paragraph 3 of the Second Amendment, respectively, calculated assuming the time of Aurigene License grant occurred on the date such recovery was received. 
 3. CA-170 Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory Financial Payments. In consideration of the expansion of the Aurigene Territory with respect to Program Compounds and Products for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program pursuant to this Fourth Amendment, Aurigene hereby agrees to pay to Curis 
 (a) royalties on aggregate annual Net Sales mutatis mutandis of CA-170 Products by Aurigene and its Affiliates (but not Net Sales by Aurigene Licensees) in the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory in accordance with Section 6.7(a), mutatis mutandis and 
 5. 

(b) the applicable percentage set forth below of (x) all Aurigene Licensee Royalties received by Aurigene and its Affiliates from an Aurigene Licensee with respect to the commercialization of CA-170 Products in the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory and (y) all Non-Royalty Sublicense Revenues mutatis mutandis received by Aurigene and its Affiliates from an Aurigene Licensee with respect to the grant of an Aurigene License with respect to CA-170 or any CA-170 Product in the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory, with respect to each of (x) and (y), based on the stage of development of CA-170 at the time the Aurigene License is granted to the applicable Aurigene Licensee 
 (i) for an Aurigene License entered into prior to initiation of a Pivotal Trial of CA-170 and 
 (ii) for an Aurigene License entered into after initiation of a Pivotal Trial of CA-170. 
 In addition, the Parties agree that the applicable provisions of Sections 6.9(d), 6.10, 6.11, 6.12, 6.13, 6.14, 7.1, 7.2, 7.3(b) (with references to the Republic of India and U.S. federal changed to U.S. and Indian, respectively), 7.4 and 7.5 of the Agreement (in each case, mutatis mutandis shall apply to Aurigene s payment obligations under this paragraph 3. For clarity, Curis shall have no payment obligations to Aurigene under the Agreement with respect to the development, registration or commercialization of CA-170 or CA-170 Products by or on behalf of Aurigene, its Affiliates or Aurigene Licensees in the Aurigene Territory. For further clarity, in the event of termination of the Agreement in its entirety or with respect to the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program, Aurigene s payment obligations under this paragraph 3 (other than any such payment obligations accrued prior to such termination) shall terminate. 
 4. Development and Regulatory Matters in the Aurigene Territory. 
 (a) Aurigene Development. Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 4.11(b) and 5.5 of the Agreement (or, for clarity, any provisions of the Second Amendment to the contrary), Aurigene shall have full and exclusive authority, itself or through the use of Affiliates or Aurigene Licensees, at Aurigene s sole expense, to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize Program Compounds and Products for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in the Aurigene Territory. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Aurigene hereby agrees to use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to conduct a Pivotal Trial of CA-170 in the Aurigene Territory (the Aurigene Pivotal Trial ), at Aurigene s sole expense. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Aurigene (itself or with or through its Affiliates or Aurigene Licensees) shall be solely responsible for preparing and submitting all required INDs and other Regulatory Filings in connection with the Aurigene Pivotal Trial or other development, manufacturing or commercialization activities in the Aurigene Territory, at Aurigene s sole expense. 
 6. 

(b) PV Agreement. The Parties agree that the PV Agreement solely as it applies (or would apply) to Program Compounds and Products for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program is hereby terminated as of the Fourth Amendment Date. 
 (c) Transfers. Curis shall (i) disclose to Aurigene as soon as reasonably practicable such Curis Technology with respect to Program Compounds and Products for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program not previously disclosed to Aurigene as may be necessary or useful to enable Aurigene to develop, manufacture and commercialize Program Compounds and Products for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in the Aurigene Territory (ii) as promptly as reasonably practicable, transfer and assign to Aurigene all of its and its Affiliates right, title and interest in and to all Regulatory Filings and associated correspondence with Regulatory Authorities with respect to Program Compounds and Products for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in the Aurigene Territory (including transfer and assignment to Aurigene of ownership of the US IND No. filed by Curis with the FDA for CA-170), with Aurigene becoming the named sponsor under such Regulatory Filings (or, if Applicable Law prevents or delays the transfer of ownership of any such Regulatory Filing to Aurigene, Curis shall grant, and does hereby grant, to Aurigene an exclusive and irrevocable right of access and reference to such Regulatory Filing for Program Compounds and Products from the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in the Aurigene Territory, and shall cooperate fully to make the benefits of such Regulatory Filings available to Aurigene or its designee) (iii) to the extent requested by Aurigene, Curis shall also promptly provide to Aurigene all non-clinical and clinical Data and safety and other reasonably requested technical and other information or materials reasonably related to Development, manufacture, or Commercialization of Program Compounds and Products for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in the Aurigene Territory and (iv) take such other actions and execute such other instruments, assignments and documents as may be necessary to effect the transfer of rights under this paragraph 4(c) to Aurigene. 
 (d) Termination. In the event Aurigene materially breaches its obligation under paragraph 4(a) of this Fourth Amendment to use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to conduct the Aurigene Pivotal Trial, and such breach is not cured within the applicable cure period under Section 11.2 of the Agreement, Curis shall have the right to terminate this Fourth Amendment on account of such breach upon written notice to Aurigene, but Curis shall not have the right to terminate the Agreement in its entirety or to terminate the Agreement in part with respect to the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program pursuant to Section 11.2 of the Agreement or to elect the alternative remedies under Section 11.3 of the Agreement on account of such breach. Termination by Curis of this Fourth Amendment shall be Curis sole remedy for such uncured material breach of paragraph 4(a) of this Fourth Amendment, and Curis shall have no right to terminate this Fourth Amendment other than as set forth in this paragraph 4(d). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph 4(d), in the event Aurigene has granted an Aurigene License to a Third Party for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program, the rights of such Aurigene Licensee shall survive any termination of this Fourth Amendment pursuant to this 
 7. 

paragraph 4(d), unless the Aurigene Licensee is responsible for the material uncured breach by Aurigene that resulted in such termination. In addition 
 (i) In the event of termination of this Fourth Amendment, the Second Amendment shall also be deemed to be terminated. 
 (ii) In the event of termination of this Fourth Amendment by Curis pursuant to this paragraph 4(d), subject to any surviving rights of an Aurigene Licensee as set forth above in this paragraph 4(d), Aurigene shall, and effective upon such termination hereby does, grant to Curis the right to access and reference all INDs and NDAs submitted to, and Regulatory Approvals obtained from, any Regulatory Authority in the Aurigene CA-170 Territory and the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory for Program Compounds and Products for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in each case, solely for the purposes of (i) obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approvals for Program Compounds and Products for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in the Aurigene CA-170 Territory and Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory reverted to Curis by virtue of such termination, and (ii) complying with applicable pharmacovigilance and other regulatory requirements with respect to Program Compounds and Products for the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in the Aurigene CA-170 Territory and Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory reverted to Curis by virtue of such termination. In the event of such termination, Aurigene shall, promptly upon Curis s request, file with the applicable Regulatory Authority(ies) such letters of access or reference as may be necessary to accomplish the intent of this paragraph 4(d)(ii). 
 (iii) Neither Party may terminate the Agreement as it relates to the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program, except in conjunction with termination of this Fourth Amendment pursuant to paragraph 4(d) of this Fourth Amendment. 
 5. Curis Warranties. Curis represents and warrants to Aurigene that, as of the Fourth Amendment Date 
 (a) Curis has the right to grant all rights and licenses it purports to grant to Aurigene under this Fourth Amendment with respect to the Curis Technology and 
 (b) Curis has not granted any Third Party any license, option or other right with respect to any Program Compounds or Products in the PD-1 VISTA Licensed Program in the Aurigene Fourth Amendment Territory. 
 6. Effectiveness of Agreement. Except as expressly amended by this Fourth Amendment, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
 7. Counterparts. This Fourth Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original document, and all of which, together with this writing, shall be 
 8. 

deemed one instrument. This Fourth Amendment may be executed by facsimile or PDF signatures, which signatures shall have the same force and effect as original signatures. 
 8. Miscellaneous. For clarity, Section 8.5(b) and Articles 13 and 14 of the Agreement shall apply with respect to this Fourth Amendment. 
 Signature page follows. 
 
 9. 

In Witness Whereof, the Parties hereto have duly executed this Fourth Amendment as of the Fourth Amendment Date. 
 Aurigene Oncology Limited 
 Curis, Inc. 
 By s Murali Ramachandra 
 Name Murali Ramachandra, PhD 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 By s James E. Dentzer 
 Name James E. Dentzer 
 Title President and CEO 

10. 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 cris-9302024x10qexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 I, James E. Dentzer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Curis, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date 
 November 14, 2024 
 S JAMES E. DENTZER 
 James E. Dentzer President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 cris-9302024x10qexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 I, Diantha Duvall, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Curis, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date 
 November 14, 2024 
 S DIANTHA DUVALL 
 Diantha Duvall Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 cris-9302024x10qexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Curis, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, James E. Dentzer, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date 
 November 14, 2024 
 S JAMES E. DENTZER 
 James E. Dentzer President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 cris-9302024x10qexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Curis, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Diantha Duvall, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date 
 November 14, 2024 
 S DIANTHA DUVALL 
 Diantha Duvall Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cris-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 cris-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cris-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cris-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cris-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

