<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1590715_0001477932-24-007457.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6265872</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116204</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1030006</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1739101</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1438914</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1783197</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007457.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119162025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007457
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Resources Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001590715
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BITUMINOUS COAL & LIGNITE MINING [1220]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				463914127
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38816
		FILM NUMBER:		241476415

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12115 VISIONARY WAY, SUITE 174
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(317) 855-9926

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12115 VISIONARY WAY, SUITE 174
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46038

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NGFC Equities, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NGFC Equities, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NATURAL GAS FUELING & CONVERSION INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131031

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007457.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 arec_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

arec_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended: or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______ to _______ Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address and Zip Code of principal executive offices) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Indicate by check mark whether the Issuer (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of the large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market Capital Market As of November 14, 2024, the registrant had shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 3 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operation (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit (Unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 7 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 8 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 23 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 34 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 35 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 36 Item 1A. Risk Factors 36 Item 2. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 36 Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 36 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 36 Item 5. Other Information 36 Item 6. Exhibits 37 SIGNATURES 39 2 Table of Contents PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) (As filed) (Restated) September 30, December 31, December 31, 2024 2023 Adjustments 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments held in trust account - restricted Short-term investments Due from related party Interest receivable Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash Restricted investment Property and equipment, net Operating - right-of-use assets, net Operating - right-of-use assets, net - related party Finance right-of-use asset, net related party Investment in other entities - related parties Notes receivable, net Total assets Liabilities And Equity Current liabilities: Trade payables Non-trade payables Accounts payable - related party Accrued interest Other current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, current - related party Finance lease, current - related party Other financing obligations, current Total current liabilities Remediation liability Bond payable, net Convertible promissory note - related party Other financing obligations, net of current portion Finance lease, non-current - related party Operating lease liabilities, non-current Operating lease liabilities, non-current - related party Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Stockholders' deficit: Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' deficit Non-controlling interest Total equity Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit The accompanying footnotes are integral to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 3 Table of Contents AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS UNAUDITED For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (As filed) (Restated) (As filed) 2024 2023 Adjustments 2023 2024 2023 Adjustments 2023 Revenue Coal sales Metal recovery and sales Royalty income Total revenue Operating expenses (income) Coal production and holdings costs Accretion Depreciation Amortization of mining rights General and administrative Professional fees Production taxes and royalties Development Gain on sale of equipment Total operating expenses Net loss from operations Other income (expense) Earnings from equity method investees Other income and (expense) Gain on sales of assets Interest income Interest expense Total other income (expenses) Net loss Less: Non-controlling interest Net loss attributable to AREC shareholders Net loss per share - basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted - - The accompanying footnotes are integral to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS of SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (UNAUDITED) (As filed) (Restated) Common Stock Additional Additional (As filed) (Restated) Non- Par Value Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Adjustments Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Adjustments Accumulated Deficit Total Deficit controlling interest Total Deficit Balance as of December 31, 2022 Issuance of common shares for convertible debt conversion Stock compensation options - Net loss - Balance as of March 31, 2023 Stock compensation - options - Recapture expenses for bond issuance - Net loss - Balance as of June 30, 2023 Stock compensation - options - Issuance of common shares for consulting services Issuance of common shares for warrant conversion - Net loss - Balance as of September 30, 2023 5 Table of Contents (As filed) (Restated) Common Stock Additional Additional (As filed) (Restated) Non- Par Value Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Adjustments Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Adjustments Accumulated Deficit Total Deficit controlling interest Total Deficit Balance as of December 31, 2023 Exercise of cashless warrants Exercise of stock options Issuance of common shares for consulting services Stock compensation - options - Dividend-in-kind of Novustera, Inc. common stock to shareholders - Net loss - Balance as of March 31, 2024 Exercise of warrants Issuance of common shares for consulting services Stock compensation options - Net loss - Balance as of June 30, 2024 Stock compensation - options - Net loss - Balance as of September 30, 2024 6 Table of Contents AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (As filed) (Restated) 2024 2023 Adjustments 2023 Cash Flows from Operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash Depreciation expense Amortization of mining rights Accretion expense Amortization of right-to-use asset - related party Amortization of issuance costs and debt discount Investment in other entities - related parties, net Gain on sale of equipment Warrant expense Non-cash stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common shares for services Write-off of note receivables Unrealized gain on short-term investments Change in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables Interest receivable Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accounts payable Accrued interest Accounts payable - related party Due from related party Operating leases assets and liabilities, net Operating leases assets and liabilities, net- related party Other liabilities Cash used in operating activities Cash Flows from Investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment, net of capitalized interest income and (expense) Proceeds from sale of equipment Proceeds from short-term investments, net Purchase of investments, net Cash used in investments Cash provided by (used in) investing activities Cash Flows from Financing activities: Cash received from warrant conversions Proceeds from convertible promissory note related party Repayment on long term debt Proceeds from the exercise of stock option Proceeds from tax exempt bonds, net Proceeds received from other financing obligation Repayments of other financing obligation Cash provided by financing activities Increase in cash Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Acquisition of assets through operating leases related party Acquisition of assets through finance lease related party Dividend-in-kind of Novustera, Inc. common stock to shareholders The accompanying footnotes are integral to the unaudited consolidated financial statements 7 Table of Contents AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) require that a determination is made as to whether there is a requirement to apply the variable interest entity (VIE) model to the entity. Where the company holds current or potential rights that give it the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, combined with a variable interest that gives the Company the right to receive potentially significant benefits or the obligation to absorb potentially significant losses, the Company would be deemed be primary. Effective February 5, 2024, the Company acquired a 51 interest in TR Properties Equipment Ltd. (TR) for consideration consisting of a 6 interest in the Company s subsidiary, American Carbon Corporation (ACC). The Company s investment in TR substantially consists of a single asset, mining rights. Accordingly, the transaction does not meet the definition of a business under ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations, and therefore the Company will account for the transaction as an asset acquisition. In an asset acquisition, goodwill or a bargain purchase gain are not recognized, but rather, any difference between the consideration transferred and the fair value of the net assets acquired is allocated on a relative fair value basis to the identifiable assets acquired. As of September 30, 2024, a preliminary allocation for this transaction has not been recorded as valuation procedures are pending with respect to the fair value of the assets acquired and consideration exchanged. The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements are unaudited and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ). The accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024, unaudited consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial information with the instructions to Form 10-Q. The accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2023, has been derived from the audited balance sheet as of December 31, 2023, included in the Company s Form 10-K referenced below. However, the amounts presented herein reflect adjustments identified during the preparation of these unaudited financial statements for the period ending September 30, 2024, which resulted in the restatement of the December 31, 2023, financial statements. These restatements correct previously reported amounts and incorporates all normal and recurring adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial position and operating results. The accompanying balance sheet does not include all disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In the opinion of management, the financial statements include all normal and recurring adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial position and operating results. Operating results for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2024 or any other period. These financial statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, on April 15, 2024. 8 Table of Contents Going Concern 9 Table of Contents Restricted Cash Total cash and restricted cash presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows 10 Table of Contents . Revisions to estimates are a result of changes in the expected spending estimate or the timing of the spending estimate associated with planned reclamation. Federal and State laws require that mines be reclaimed in accordance with specific standards and approved reclamation plans, as outlined in mining permits. Activities include reclamation of pit and support acreage at surface mines, sealing portals at underground mines, and reclamation of refuse areas and slurry ponds. We assess our ARO at least annually and reflect revisions for permit changes, changes in our estimated reclamation costs and changes in the estimated timing of such costs. Management is currently in the process of assessing the ARO for the fiscal year and will include revisions if any during the fourth quarter of 2024. The table below reflects the changes to our ARO for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the twelve months ended December 31, 2023: Accretion Ending Balance Accretion expense amounted to and for the three months ending September 30, 2024 and 2023. Accretion expense amounted to and for the nine months ending September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 11 Table of Contents and , respectively. The allowance for note receivables was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The note receivables has collateral in certain mining permits which are strategic to our subsidiary, Knott County Coal (KCC). The timing of payment on the note is uncertain resulting in a full allowance for the note. 12 Table of Contents Underground Processing/Loadout Coal Refuse Storage Building Land Acquired Mining Rights Rare Earth Processing Construction in Progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Property and equipment, net 13 Table of Contents and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Depreciation and amortization expense amounted to and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The estimated useful lives are as follows: - years Surface Equipment years Underground Equipment years Mine Development - years Coal Refuse Storage years 14 Table of Contents . Total Total months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. Our principal offices are located at 12115 Visionary Way, Fishers, Indiana 46038. We pay per month in rent for the office space and the rental lease expires . The rent is subject to escalation payments on an annual basis. We also rent office space from an affiliated entity, LRR, at 11000 Highway 7 South, Kite, Kentucky 41828 with monthly rent of per month and a lease expiration of . During the year, the Company entered into related party operating and financing leases with Land Resources Royalties (LRR) for real estate, facilities and equipment. The Company has three related party operating leases between American Metals and LRR that were entered into in January 2024, each with a term of years and the option to automatically extend the related party operating leases for an additional year. These related party operating leases are located in Hazard, KY, Marion, IN and Tract LRR-102.101 lying on the waters of the West Fork of the White River and have a . As of September 30, 2024, has been accrued and is included in accounts payable related party. The Company has one related party finance lease that was entered into in April 2024 and has a term of 30 years and the option to automatically extend the lease for an additional years that the Company determined it is probable to execute the extension and thus is included in the ROU asset and lease liability consideration. The related party finance lease has monthly rent of that increases 2.5 per year. The Company has not made any payments on the related party finance lease as of September 30, 2024 and has a balance of due for deferred rent payments included in accounts payable related party. 15 Table of Contents Accretion of operating lease liability General and administrative Total operating lease expense Finance lease expense: Amortization of ROU asset General and administrative Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Total finance lease expense Other information related to leases is as follows: Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance lease: Finance lease (in years) - Weighted-average discount rate: Finance lease - 16 Table of Contents 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Indiscounted cash flows Less imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities . The agreement covers services across all of the Company s properties. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the amounts incurred under the agreement amounted to and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the amounts incurred were and . The amount paid for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 amounted to and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount due under the agreement amounted to and . . The token issuance process is undertaken by a related party, Land Betterment, and is predicated on proactive environmental stewardship and regulatory bond releases. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there is no market for the LBX Token and therefore no value has been assigned. On June 11, 2020 the Company purchased of secured debt including accrued interest that had been owed to Samuel Coal Holding Corp., by its operating subsidiary Samuel Coal Corp. As a result of the transaction, the Company is now the creditor on the four notes. The first note in the amount of is dated June 28, 2013, carries an interest rate of and was due on . The second note in the amount of is dated , carries an interest rate of and was due June 28, 2015. The third note in the amount of is dated March 18, 2014, carries an interest rate of and was due on . The fourth note in the amount of is dated March 18, 2014, carries an interest rate of and was due on . The notes are in default and have been fully impaired due to collectability uncertainty. On October 24, 2016, the Company sold certain mineral and land interests to a subsidiary of an entity, Land Resources Royalties, LLC LRR ), owned by members of the Company s management. LRR leases various parcels of land to ACC and engages in other activities creating miscellaneous income. The consideration for the transaction was a note in the amount of . The note bears no interest and is due in 2026. As of July 1, 2018, the accounts of Land Resources Royalties, LLC have been deconsolidated from the financial statements based upon the ongoing review of its status as a variable interest entity. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, amounts owed to LRR totaled and , respectively. The Company was the sponsor of American Opportunity Ventures LLC AMAO a blank check company organized on January 20, 2021 and effectuated its business combination with Royalty Management Corporation RMCO on October 23, 2023 and at that point changed its name to Royalty Management Holding Corporation. The Company provided AMAO with money as needed for working capital needs. The advances from the Company are non-interest bearing and payable upon demand by the Company. The Company made cash advances to AMAO of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. No cash advances were made in 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a balance of due from RMCO. In January 2024, American Metals, LLC, a subsidiary of the Company entered into three separate commercial lease agreements with LRR to rent office space and property located in Hazard, KY, Marion, IN and Fisher, IN. Refer to Note 5 for further information related to the related party operating leases. On January 13, 2023, ReElement Technologies Corporation, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Line of Credit Agreement with LRR in the amount of (the Line of Credit ). Refer to Note 8 for further information on the convertible promissory notes. On May 15, 2023, ReElement Technologies entered into a commercial lease agreement with LRR to rent property located in Marion, IN. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is subject to monthly payments during . The Company anticipates extending the finance lease and has include the assumption in the Company s accounting for the related party finance lease. 17 Table of Contents for ownership and became the managing member of American Opportunity Venture, LLC. (AOV) It has been determined that AOV is a variable interest entity and that the Company is the primary beneficiary, therefore AOV has been consolidated into the Company s financial statement. As such, AOV s sole investment in Royalty Management Co (RMCO) will be accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The sole investment was initially in American Acquisition Opportunity Inc (AMAO) a SPAC that closed its reverse merger with RMCO effective October 31, 2023. The Company recognizes the earnings or losses on a three-month lag to ensure consistency and timely filling of the Company s financial statements. As of December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024 the Company held shares of Class A common stock in RMCO. Novusterra, Inc. On March 31, 2021, the Company entered into a Graphene Development Agreement with Novusterra, Inc (Novusterra), a related party, that provided a nonexclusive sublicense for fifty percent of the operating profits from Novustera s Graphene manufacturing and marketing business activity. As part of the agreement, Novusterra s Chairman of the Board of Directors at the time was replaced by the Company s Mark Jensen, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. On August 30, 2022, we entered into a purchase agreement to sell the exclusive rights of the patent patents included in the Graphene Development Agreement for common shares of Novusterra with a fair market value of in stock of Novusterra. As part of the sale of the exclusive rights to the patents, Andrew Weeraratne resigned as director and CEO of Novusterra and Gregory Jensen, the Company s general counsel, joined Novusterra as CEO and Director and Mark Jensen resigned as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, Novusterra is no longer obligated to pay the Company fifty percent (50 of the operating profits from their Graphene manufacturing and marketing business. However, Novusterra is still obligated to pay the Company ten percent (10 of all revenue from the exclusive sublicense with Kenai Defense Company, LLC and for the Department of Defense under the contract that was transferred from the Company to Novusterra. Any subsequent contracts entered into by Novusterra with Kenai Defense Company, LLC and for the Department of Defense will have no future revenue allocations to the Company. It has been determined that Novusterra is a variable interest entity and that the Company is not the primary beneficiary. As such, the investment in Novusterra has been accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Effective March 6, 2024, the Company issued a special dividend to all stockholders on record of 91 of the Company s ownership in Novusterra, Inc. resulting in the Company to receive 9 of future cash flows and holding 1,417,500 common shares of Novusterra, Inc. Due to the Company new ownership in Novusterra, Inc. the investment is accounted for using the cost method of accounting. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the investment was and . FUB Mineral LLC On October 1, 2021, the Company contributed for a ownership in FUB Mineral LLC (FUB). Simultaneously the Company issued a promissory note FUB for , this note was fully repaid as of April 15, 2022. On February 2, 2022, the Company issued a new promissory note for to FUB with an interest rate of 10 and maturity date of February 1, 2023, which has been extended by the Company through the end of August 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a note receivable balance of and , respectively. The Company recorded an allowance for the full remaining balance of the note receivable as it was doubtful to receive payment as of September 30, 2024. Advanced Magnet Lab, Inc On December 21, 2022 the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Advanced Magnet, Inc. AML for 2a 10,000 with interest rate that compounds monthly. The Company s Chief Executive Officer is a director of AML The convertible promissory note may be prepaid at any time. The Company has the option to convert the principal amounts of the convertible promissory note at a share price of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a note receivable balance of . 18 Table of Contents interest with an unaffiliated entity September 2017 Note to purchase certain underground mining equipment for . The agreement provided monthly payments of until the balance is paid in full. The note matured on and is secured by the equipment purchased with the note. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the note is in default. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the principal balance was . On December 7, 2017, the Company entered into an equipment financing agreement, which carries interest with an unaffiliated entity December 2017 Note ), to purchase certain surface equipment for . The note matured on , and is secured by the equipment purchased with the note. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the note is in default. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the principal balance was . On April 20, 2022, the Company entered into a non-negotiable, secured promissory note agreement April 2022 Note with an unrelated party in the amount of . The note agreement shall accrue interest from the date of the agreement at a rate of and the note agreement shall be repaid in full with principal and accrued interest on . As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the note was in default. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the principal balance was and , respectively and the accrued interest balance was and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the interest expense was and , respectively. On June 3, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note agreement June 2022 Note with an unrelated party in the amount of . The note carried an interest rate of and had a maturity date of . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the loan was in default. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the principal balance was and , respectively and the accrued interest balance was and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, the interest expense was and respectively. December 2017 Note April 2022 Note June 2022 Note Total notes payable Convertible Promissory Notes Related party On January 13, 2023, ReElement Technologies Corporation, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Line of Credit Agreement with LRR in the amount of (the Line of Credit ). In connection with the Line of Credit, ReElement entered into a series of Convertible Promissory Notes with LRR (the Notes which allowed for borrowing up to the line of credit. Funds received from the Agreement will be used in the development of certain fixed assets. During February 2024 through August 2024, the Company entered into Convertible Promissory Notes with Land Resources Royalties LLC in the aggregate of . Each Convertible Promissory Note carries a three-year term from the respective effective date. The Convertible Promissory Notes mature February through August 2027. The Convertible Promissory Notes carry an annual interest rate of 10 , compounded quarterly. For any Note issued on a date other than the last day of a calendar quarter, interest will be calculated for the stub period between the issuance date and the next quarter-end. In the event of default, the interest rate will increase to 13.5 per year, compounded quarterly, and will apply from the date of default until the Convertible Promissory Notes is fully paid or the default is remedied. Additionally, by mutual agreement between Land Resources Royalties LLC and the Company, any interest due can be added to the Note s principal and deferred until maturity date. The Promissory Note s principal amount, along with any accrued interest, is due in full upon the Note s maturity date or in the event of default. The Convertible Promissory Notes entered into with Land Resources Royalties LLC are subject to a conversion feature. If the Company completes a round or series of a capital raise in the aggregate amount of a minimum of 7,000,000 in cash (the Capital Raise ), then the Promissory Note and all accrued interest outstanding shall be immediately and automatically converted to Common Stock of the Company (such date, the Conversion Date at the predetermined conversion price which is equal to the same per-share price as the investment under the Capital Raise. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was an aggregate of and outstanding under the Convertible Promissory Notes reported in Convertible promissory notes related party in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accrued interest on the convertible promissory notes amounted to and . For three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 the interest expense was and respectively. For nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 the interest expense was and respectively. 19 Table of Contents million aggregate principal amount of Solid Waste Disposal Facility Revenue Bonds, Series 2023 (the 2023 Tax Exempt Bonds pursuant to an Indenture of Trust dated as of June 8, 2023 between the Issuer and UMB Bank N.A., as trustee (the Trustee ). The Tax-Exempt Bonds are payable solely from payments to be made by the Company under the Loan Agreement as evidenced by a Note from the Company to the Trustee. The proceeds of the Tax-Exempt Bonds were used to finance certain costs of the acquisition, construction, reconstruction, and equipping of solid waste disposal facilities at the Company s Wyoming County, West Virginia development, and for capitalized interest and certain costs related to issuance of the Tax-Exempt Bonds. The Tax-Exempt Bonds bear interest of and have a final maturity of . The Tax Exempt Bonds are subject to redemption . The Company s obligations under the Loan Agreement are (i) except as otherwise described below, secured by first priority liens on and security interests in substantially all of the Company s and Subsidiary Guarantors real property and other assets, subject to certain customary exceptions and permitted liens, and in any event excluding accounts receivable and inventory; and (ii) jointly and severally guaranteed by the Subsidiary Guarantors, subject to customary exceptions. The Loan Agreement contains certain affirmative covenants and representations, including but not limited to: (i) maintenance of a rating on the Tax Exempt Bonds; (ii) maintenance of proper books of records and accounts; (iii) agreement to add additional guarantors to guarantee the obligations under the Loan Agreement in certain circumstances; (iv) procurement of customary insurance; and (v)preservation of legal existence and certain rights, franchises, licenses and permits. The Loan Agreement also contains certain customary negative covenants, which, among other things, and subject to certain exceptions, include restrictions on (i) release of collateral securing the Company s obligations under the Loan Agreement; (ii) mergers and consolidations and disposition of assets, and (iii)restrictions on actions that may jeopardize the tax-exempt status of the Tax-Exempt Bonds. The Loan Agreement contains customary events of default, subject to customary thresholds and exceptions, including, among other things: (i) nonpayment of principal, purchase price, interest and other fees (subject to certain cure periods); (ii) bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings relating to us; (iii) material inaccuracy of a representation or warranty at the time made; and (v) cross defaults to the Indenture of Trust, the guaranty related to the Tax Exempt Bonds or any related security documents. On March 28, 2024, the Company, closed a Bond Purchase Agreement Purchase Agreement with Hilltop Securities Inc. (the Underwriter ), Knott County, Kentucky (the Issuer ), a county and political subdivision organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky (the Commonwealth ), whereby the Underwriter agrees to purchase from the Issuer, and the Issuer agrees to sell and deliver to the Underwriter, all (but not less than all) of the Knott County, Kentucky Industrial Building Revenue Bonds (Solid Waste Project), Series 2024 (the Bonds ), at the purchase price of (which is equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds). The Bonds have been authorized pursuant to the laws of the Commonwealth. . The Bonds are being offered and sold only to a limited number of Qualified Institutional Buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A of the Securities Act of1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), or Accredited Investors within the meaning of Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act. The Company accounts for investment income and interest expenses related to the tax-exempt bonds that are restricted for payment of project costs by capitalizing the net amount each period to construction in progress per ASC 835-20-30-11. The Tax-Exempt Bonds bear interest of and have a final maturity of . Tax Exempt Bonds 150 million face value) Debt issuance costs and debt discount Bonds payable Less: current portion Bonds payable, net 20 Table of Contents shares of common stock upon exercise of warrants. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the company issued shares of common stock upon the exercise of options at an exercise price of a share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the company issued shares of common stock upon the exercise of options at an exercise price of a share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the company issued shares of common stock in relation to consulting services. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the remaining amounts of the convertible notes in the amount of was converted into common shares. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the company issued shares of common stock in relation to consulting services. Stock based compensation: Effective July 1, 2018, the Board of Directors of American Resources Corporation. adopted the 2018 Incentive Stock Plan. The plan provides for the allocation and issuance of stock and options (both incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options) to officers, directors, employees and consultants of the company. The board reserved a total of shares for possible issuance under the plan. Total stock-based compensation expense for grants to officers, employees and consultants was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, which was charged to general and administrative expense. Total stock-based compensation expense for grants to officers, employees and consultants was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, which was charged to general and administrative expense. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the company has and , respectively, of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options granted and outstanding, net of estimated forfeitures. The cost is expected to be recognized on a weighted average basis over a period of approximately five years. The following table summarizes the activity of our stock options for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Granted - - Forfeited or Expired - - Exercised - - Outstanding September 30, 2024 Exercisable (Vested) September 30, 2024 21 Table of Contents , of which the Company has fully accrued for as a payable to the Commonwealth of Kentucky, including amounts owed to the Kentucky Energy Cabinet. During 2019, McCoy and Deane received notice of intent to place liens for amounts owed on federal excise taxes. The amounts associated with the notices are included in the company s trade payables. Additionally, on September 9, 2024, the Company and Kentucky Power Company reached a settlement under which the Company agreed to pay to Kentucky Power Company to settle all old outstanding debts related to the subsidiary Perry County Resources, LLC. The Company has paid the settlement fine in full as of the date of this report. As such, old outstanding balances related to fiscal years before 2024 have been settled. . Payment terms and conversion features for the convertible promissory note are consistent with those description in Note 8. On November 14, 2024, ReElement Technologies Corporation ("ReElement") will distribute Special Dividend on or about February 15, 2025 to shareholders of record as of December 31, 2024 ("Record Date"). Additionally, the Company closed on an initial investment as part of its private financing. , based on the common shares outstanding as reported in the last quarter. American Resources Corporation will be distributing one share of ReElement Technologies Corporation for every three shares American Resources owned as of the Record Date. 22 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This Form 10-Q and other reports filed by Registrant from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively the Filings contain or may contain forward looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, Registrant s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Registrant s management. When used in the filings the words anticipate , believe , estimate , expect , future , intend , plan or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to Registrant or Registrant s management identify forward looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of Registrant with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors relating to Registrant s industry, Registrant s operations and results of operations and any businesses that may be acquired by Registrant. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. Although Registrant believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, Registrant cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, Registrant does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Overview When we formed our company, our focus was to (i) construct and/or purchase and manage a chain of combined gasoline, diesel and natural gas (NG) fueling and service stations (initially, in the Miami, FL area); (ii) construct conversion factories to convert NG to liquefied natural gas (LNG) and compressed natural gas (CNG); and (iii) construct conversion factories to retrofit vehicles currently using gasoline or diesel fuel to also run on NG in the United States and also to build a convenience store to serve our customers in each of our locations. On January 5, 2017, American Resources Corporation (ARC) executed a Share Exchange Agreement between the Company and Quest Energy Inc. Quest Energy ), a private company incorporated in the State of Indiana on May 2015 with offices at 12115 Visionary Way, Fishers, IN 46038, and due to the fulfillment of various conditions precedent to closing of the transaction, the control of the Company was transferred to the Quest Energy shareholders on February 7, 2017. This transaction resulted in Quest Energy becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of ARC. Through Quest Energy, ARC was able to acquire coal mining and coal processing operations, substantially all located in eastern Kentucky and western West Virginia. On November 25, 2020, Quest Energy changed its name to American Carbon Corp. (American Carbon) American Carbon currently has seven coal mining and processing operating subsidiaries: McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC (doing business as McCoy Elkhorn Coal Company) (McCoy Elkhorn), Knott County Coal LLC (Knott County Coal), Deane Mining, LLC (Deane Mining) and Wyoming County Coal LLC (Wyoming County), Quest Processing LLC (Quest Processing), Perry County Resources (Perry County) located in eastern Kentucky and western West Virginia within the Central Appalachian coal basin, and ERC Mining Indiana Corporation (ERC) located in southwest Indiana within the Illinois coal basin. The coal deposits under control by the Company are generally comprise of metallurgical coal (used for steel making), pulverized coal injections (used in the steel making process) and high-BTU, low sulfur, low moisture bituminous coal used for a variety of uses within several industries, including industrial customers and specialty products. Since mid-2019, we have not mined or sold coal which is sold into the thermal coal markets. All production and future investment will be for the mining of metallurgical coal used in the steel and specialty markets. Efforts to diversify revenue streams have led to the establishment of additional subsidiaries; American Metals LLC (AM) which is focused on the recovery and sale of recovered metal and steel and ReElement Technologies LLC (ReElement) which is focused on the aggregation and monetization of critical and rare earth element deposits. We have not classified, and as a result, do not have any proven or probable reserves as defined in United States Securities and Exchange Commission Industry Guide 7, and as a result, our company and its business activities are deemed to be in the exploration stage until mineral deposits are defined on our properties. 23 Table of Contents McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC General: Located primarily within Pike County, Kentucky, McCoy Elkhorn is currently comprised of three mines (Mine #15) in idle status, and two mines in operations (Carnegie 1 and 2 Mines), two coal preparation facilities (Bevins #1 and Bevins #2), and other mines in various stages of development or reclamation. McCoy Elkhorn sells its coal to a variety of customers, both domestically and internationally, primarily to the steel making industry as a high-vol B coal or blended coal. The coal controlled at McCoy Elkhorn (along with our other subsidiaries) has not been classified as either proven or probable as defined in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K, and as a result, do not have any proven or probable reserves under such definition and are classified as an Exploration Stage pursuant to Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K. Mines: Mine #15 is an underground mine in the Millard (also known as Glamorgan) coal seam and located near Meta, Kentucky. Mine #15 is mined via room-and-pillar mining methods using continuous miners, and the coal is belted directly from the stockpile to McCoy Elkhorn s coal preparation facility. Mine #15 is currently a company run mine, whereby the Company manages the workforce at the mine. The coal from Mine #15 is stockpiled at the mine site and belted directly to the Company s nearby coal preparation facilities. Production at Mine #15 re-commenced under Quest Energy s ownership in September 2016. The Carnegie 1 Mine is an underground mine in the Alma and Upper Alma coal seams and located near Kimper, Kentucky. In 2011, coal production from the Carnegie Mine in the Alma coal seam commenced and then subsequently the mine was idled. Production at the Carnegie Mine was reinitiated in early 2017 under Quest Energy s ownership and is currently being mined via room-and-pillar mining methods utilizing a continuous miner. The coal is stockpiled on-site and trucked approximately 7 miles to McCoy Elkhorn s preparation facilities. The Carnegie Mine is currently operated as a modified contractor mine, whereby McCoy Elkhorn provides the mining infrastructure and equipment for the operations and pays the contractor a fixed per-ton fee for managing the workforce, procuring the supplies, and maintaining the equipment and infrastructure in proper working order. The Carnegie 2 Mine is an underground mine in the Alma and Upper Alma coal seams and located near Kimper, Kentucky. In 2021, mine development began and operations at the Carnegie 2 Mine started in August 2022 and is currently being mined via room-and-pillar mining methods utilizing a continuous miner. The coal is stockpiled on-site and trucked approximately 7 miles to McCoy Elkhorn s preparation facilities. The Carnegie 2 Mine is currently a company run mine, whereby the Company manages the workforce at the mine and pays all expenses of the mine. The Carnegie 2. Mine has the estimated capacity to produce up to approximately 10,000 tons per month of coal. The mineral being mined through Carnegie 1 and Carnegie 2 is leased from a 3 rd party professional mineral company. Coal mined from the lease requires a payment of greater of 1.75 per ton or 6 of gross sales price. Beginning in January 2020, Mine #15 and Carnegie 1 mines were idled due to the adverse market effects Covid-19 global pandemic. The Carnegie 1 mine restarted during October 2022 and the Carnegie 2 mine commenced during 2022. Processing Transportation: The Bevins #1 Preparation Plant is an 800 ton-per hour coal preparation facility located near Meta, Kentucky, across the road from Mine #15. Bevins #1 has raw coal stockpile storage of approximately 25,000 tons and clean coal stockpile storage of 100,000 tons of coal. The Bevins #1 facility has a fine coal circuit and a stoker circuit that allows for enhance coal recovery and various coal sizing options depending on the needs of the customer. The Company acquired the Bevins Preparation Plants as idled facilities, and since acquisition, the primary work completed at the Bevins Preparation Plants by the Company includes rehabilitating the plants warehouse and replacing belt lines. 24 Table of Contents The Bevins #2 Preparation Plant is on the same permit site as Bevins #1 and is a 500 ton-per-hour processing facility with fine coal recovery and a stoker circuit for coal sizing options. Bevins #2 has raw coal stockpile storage of 25,000 tons of coal and a clean coal stockpile storage of 45,000 tons of coal. We are currently utilizing less than 10 of the available processing capacity of Bevins #1 and Bevins #2. Both Bevins #1 and Bevins #2 have a batch-weight loadout and rail spur for loading coal into trains for rail shipments. The spur has storage for 110 rail cars and is serviced by CSX Transportation and is located on CSX s Big Sandy, Coal Run Subdivision. Both Bevins #1 and Bevins #2 have coarse refuse and slurry impoundments called Big Groundhog and Lick Branch. While the Big Groundhog impoundment is nearing the end of its useful life, the Lick Branch impoundment has significant operating life and will be able to provide for coarse refuse and slurry storage for the foreseeable future at Bevins #1 and Bevins #2. Coarse refuse from Bevins #1 and Bevins #2 is belted to the impoundments. Both Bevins #1 and Bevins #2 are facilities owned by McCoy Elkhorn, subject to certain restrictions present in the agreement between McCoy Elkhorn and the surface land owner. Both Bevins #1 and Bevins #2, as well as the rail loadout, are operational and any work required on any of the plants or loadouts would be routine maintenance. The allocated cost of this property at McCoy Elkhorn Coal paid by the company is 95,210. Due to additional coal processing storage capacity at Bevins #1 and Bevins #2 Preparation Plants, McCoy Elkhorn has the ability to process, store, and load coal for other regional coal producers for an agreed-to fee. Additional Permits: In addition to the above mines, McCoy Elkhorn holds 11 additional coal mining permits that are idled operations or in various stages of reclamation. For the idled coal mining operations, McCoy Elkhorn will determine which coal mines to bring back into production, if any, as the coal market changes, and there are currently no other idled mines within McCoy Elkhorn that are slated to go into production in the foreseeable future. Any idled mines that are brought into production would require significant upfront capital investment, and there is no assurance of the feasibility of any such new operations. Knott County Coal LLC General: Located primarily within Knott County, Kentucky (but with additional idled permits in Leslie County, Perry County, and Breathitt County, Kentucky), Knott County Coal is comprised of 22 idled mining permits (or permits in reclamation) and permits for one preparation facility: the idled Supreme Energy Preparation Plant. The idled mining permits are either in various stages of reclamation or being maintained as idled, pending any changes to the coal market that may warrant reinitiating production. The idled mines at Knott County Coal are primarily underground mines that utilize room-and-pillar mining. The coal controlled at Deane Mining (along with our other subsidiaries) has not been classified as either proven or probable as defined in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K, and as a result, do not have any proven or probable reserves under such definition and are classified as an Exploration Stage pursuant to Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K. Mines: Currently all permitted mines are idled, in development or in reclamation. Processing Transportation: The idled Supreme Energy Preparation Plant is a 450 ton-per-hour coal preparation facility located in Kite, Kentucky. The Bates Branch rail loadout associated with the Supreme Energy Preparation Plant is a batch-weigh rail loadout with 110 rail car storage capacity and serviced by CSX Transportation in their Big Sandy rate district. The Supreme Energy Preparation Plant has a coarse refuse and slurry impoundment called the King Branch Impoundment. 25 Table of Contents The Supreme Energy Preparation Plant is owned by Knott County Coal, subject to certain restrictions present in the agreement between Knott County Coal and the surface landowner, Land Resources Royalties LLC. The Company acquired the Supreme Energy Preparation Plants as an idled facility, and since acquisition, no work has been performed at the facility other than minor maintenance. Both the Supreme Energy Preparation Plant and the rail loadout are idled and would require an undetermined amount of work and capital to bring them into operation. The allocated cost of the property at Knott County Coal paid by the Company is 286,046. Additional Permits: In addition to the above mines, Knott County Coal holds 22 coal mining permits that are in development, idled or in various stages of reclamation. Any idled mines that are brought into production would require significant upfront capital investment and there is no assurance of the feasibility of any such new operations. Deane Mining LLC General: Located within Letcher County and Knott County, Kentucky, Deane Mining is comprised of one idled underground coal mine (the Access Energy Mine), one idled surface mine (Razorblade Surface) and one idled coal preparation facility called Mill Creek Preparation Plant, along with 12 additional idled mining permits (or permits in reclamation). The idled mining permits are either in various stages of development, reclamation or being maintained as idled, pending any changes to the coal market that may warrant re-starting production. The coal controlled at Deane Mining (along with our other subsidiaries) has not been classified as either proven or probable as defined in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K, and as a result, do not have any proven or probable reserves under such definition and are classified as an Exploration Stage pursuant to Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K. Mines: Access Energy is an underground mine in the Elkhorn 3 coal seam and located in Deane, Kentucky. Access Energy is mined via room-and-pillar mining methods using continuous miners, and the coal is belted directly from the mine to the raw coal stockpile at the Mill Creek Preparation Plant across the road from Access Energy. Access Energy is currently a company run mine, whereby the Company manages the workforce at the mine and pays all expenses of the mine. During 2019, the permit related to the Access Energy mine was idled and is not expected to produce again under the Company s control due to the continued focused on the metallurgical and industrial markets. Razorblade Surface is a surface mine targeting the Hazard 4 and Hazard 4 Rider coal seams and located in Deane, Kentucky. Deane Mining commenced mining activity at Razorblade Surface during the spring of 2018. Coal produced from Razorblade Surface is trucked approximately one mile to the Mill Creek Preparation Plant. Razorblade Surface is currently run as a contractor model for which the contractor is paid a fixed per-ton fee for the coal produced. During 2019, the permit related to the Access Energy mine was idled and is not expected to produce again under the Company s control due to the continued focused on the metallurgical and industrial markets. Processing Transportation: Coal from Access Energy is processed at Deane Mining s Mill Creek Preparation Plant, an 800 ton-per hour coal preparation facility with a batch-weight loadout and rail spur for loading coal into trains for rail shipments. The spur has storage for 110 rail cars and is serviced by CSX Transportation and is located on both CSX s Big Sandy rate district and CSX s Elkhorn rate district. The Mill Creek Preparation Plant has a coarse refuse and slurry impoundment called Razorblade Impoundment. Both the Mill Creek Preparation Plant and the rail loadout are operational, and any work required on any of the plant or loadouts would be routine maintenance. The allocated cost for the property at Deane Mining paid by the Company is 1,569,641. 26 Table of Contents Additional Permits: In addition to the above mines and preparation facility, Deane Mining holds 12 additional coal mining permits that are in development, idled or in various stages of reclamation. Any idled mines that are brought into production would require significant upfront capital investment and there is no assurance of the feasibility of any such new operations. Wyoming County Coal LLC General: Located within Wyoming County, West Virginia, Wyoming County Coal is comprised of two idled underground mining permits and the three permits associated with the idled Pioneer Preparation Plant, the Hatcher rail loadout, and Simmons Fork Refuse Impoundment. The two idled mining permits are undisturbed underground mines that are anticipated to utilize room-and-pillar mining. The coal controlled at Wyoming County Coal (along with our other subsidiaries) has not been classified as either proven or probable as defined in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K, and as a result, do not have any proven or probable reserves under such definition and are classified as an Exploration Stage pursuant to Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K. Mines: The mining permits held by Wyoming County Coal are in various stages of planning with no mines currently in production. Potential customers of Wyoming County Coal would include steel mills in the United States or international marketplace although no definitive sales have been identified yet. Processing Transportation: The idled Pioneer Preparation Plant is a 350 ton-per-hour coal preparation facility located near Oceana, West Virginia. The Hatcher rail loadout associated with the Pioneer Preparation Plant is a rail loadout serviced by Norfolk Southern Corporation. The refuse from the preparation facility is trucked to the Simmons Fork Refuse Impoundment, which is approximately 1.0 mile from the Pioneer Preparation facility. The preparation plant utilizes a belt press technology which eliminates the need for pumping slurry into a slurry pond for storage within an impoundment. The Company is in the initial planning phase of getting estimates on the cost to upgrade the preparation facility to a modern 350 ton per hour preparation facility, although no cost estimates have yet been received. The Company is also in the initial planning phase of getting estimates on the cost and timing of upgrading the rail load out facility to a modern batch weight load out system, although no cost estimates have yet been received. The Company acquired the Pioneer Preparation Plants as an idled facility, and since acquisition, no work has been performed at the facility. Both the Pioneer Preparation Plant and the rail loadout are idled and would require an undetermined amount of work and capital to bring them into operation, which is currently in the initial phases of planning and no cost estimates have been received. The allocated cost for the property at Wyoming County Coal will pay by the Company is 22,326,101 of which 22,091,688 has been paid using shares of the Company s Class A Common stock. The remaining portion was paid in cash. Permits: Wyoming County Coal holds two coal mining permits that are in the initial planning phase and three permits associated with the idled Pioneer Preparation Plant, the Hatcher rail loadout, and Simmons Fork Refuse Impoundment. Any mine that is brought into production would require significant upfront capital investment and there is no assurance of the feasibility of any such new operations. As of the report date, the permits have not been fully transferred as they await final regulatory approval. As of the balance sheet date and report date, the West Virginia permit transfers have not yet been approved, and WCC has not substituted its reclamation surety bonds for the seller s bond collateral. The transfer of any new permits to the Company is subject to regulatory approval. This approval is subject to the review of both unabated or uncorrected violations that are listed on the Applicator Violator List. The Company, to include several of its subsidiaries, does have unabated and/or uncorrected violations that are listed on the Applicator Violator List. Should the state regulators believe that the Company is not in the process of abating or correcting the currently outstanding issues associated with their currently held permits they may choose not to issue the Company any new permits until such issues are properly rectified. 27 Table of Contents Perry County Resources LLC General: Located primarily within Perry County, Kentucky, Perry County Resources LLC is comprised of one Idled underground mine (the E4-2 mine) and one Idled coal processing facility called the Davidson Branch Preparation Plant, along with two additional idled underground mining permits. The two idled mining permits are for underground mines and have been actively mined in the past and being maintained as idled, pending any changes to the coal market that may warrant re-starting production. The coal controlled at Perry County Resources (along with our other subsidiaries) has not been classified as either proven or probable as defined in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K, and as a result, do not have any proven or probable reserves under such definition and are classified as an Exploration Stage pursuant to Items 1300 through 1305 of Regulation S-K. Mines: The E4-2 mine is an underground mine in the Elkhorn 4 (aka the Amburgy) coal seam located near the town of Hazard, Kentucky. The E4-2 mine is mined via room-and-pillar mining methods using both continuous miners and continuous haulage systems, and the coal is belted directly from the mine to the raw coal stockpile at the Davidson Branch Preparation Plant less than a mile away. The E4-2 mine is currently a company-run mine, whereby the Company manages the workforce at the mine and pays all expenses of the mine. The Company acquired the E4-2 mine as an active mine, and since acquisition in September 2019, the primary work at the E4-2 mine has been rehabilitation of existing infrastructure to increase the operational efficiencies of the mine, including replacing belt structure, repairing equipment, replacing underground mining infrastructure, and installing new mining infrastructure as the mine advances due to coal extraction. The E4-2 mine has the estimated capacity to produce up to approximately 80,000 tons per month of coal. Beginning in January 2020, The E4-2 mine was idled due to the adverse market effects Covid-19 global pandemic. The E4-2 Mine was restarted during March 2022 and idled due to regional flooding during October 2022. Processing and Transportation: The Davidson Branch Preparation Plant is a 1,300 ton-per-hour coal preparation facility located near Hazard, Kentucky. The associated Bluegrass 4 rail loadout is a batch-weight rail loadout with 135 car storage capacity and services by CSX Transportation in their Hazard/Elkhorn rate district. The Davidson Branch Preparation Plant is owned by Perry County Resources. We are currently utilizing less than 10 of the available processing capacity of the Davidson Branch Preparation Plant. Both the Davidson Branch Preparation Plant and the rail loadout are operational, and any work required on any of the plant or loadouts would be routine maintenance. The allocated cost of for the property at Perry County Resources paid by the Company is 1,954,317. Additional Permits: In addition to the above mine, preparation facility, and related permits, Perry County Resources holds four additional coal mining permits that are idled or in development. Any idled mines that are brought into production would require significant upfront capital investment and there is no assurance of the feasibility of any such new operations. The transfer of any new permits to the Company is subject to regulatory approval. This approval is subject to the review of both unabated or uncorrected violations that are listed on the Applicator Violator List. The Company, to include several of its subsidiaries, does have unabated and/or uncorrected violations that are listed on the Applicator Violator List. Should the state regulators believe that the Company is not in the process of abating or correcting the currently outstanding issues associated with their currently held permits they may choose not to issue the Company any new permits until such issues are properly rectified. 28 Table of Contents Mineral and Surface Leases Coal mining and processing involves the extraction of coal (mineral) and the use of surface property incidental to such extraction and processing. All of the mineral and surface related to the Company s coal mining operations is leased from various mineral and surface owners (the Leases ). The Company s operating subsidiaries, collectively, are parties to approximately 200 various Leases and other agreements required for the Company s coal mining and processing operations. The Leases are with a variety of Lessors, from individuals to professional land management firms such as the Roadrunner Land Company. In some instances, the Company has leases with Land Resources Royalties LLC (LRR), a professional leasing firm that is an entity wholly owned by Wabash Enterprises Inc, an entity owned by members of Quest Energy Inc. s management. Coal Sales ARC sells its coal to domestic and international customers, some which blend ARC s coal at east coast ports with other qualities of coal for export. The Company may, at times, purchase coal from other regional producers to sell on its contracts. Competition The coal industry is intensely competitive. The most important factors on which the Company competes are coal quality, delivered costs to the customer and reliability of supply. Our principal domestic competitors will include Corsa Coal Corporation, Ramaco Resources, Blackhawk Mining, Coronado Coal, Arch Resources, Contura Energy, and Warrior Met Coal. Many of these coal producers may have greater financial resources and larger coal deposit bases than we do. We also compete in international markets directly with domestic companies and with companies that produce coal from one or more foreign countries, such as China, Australia, Colombia, Indonesia and South Africa. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we are subject to ordinary routine litigation incidental to our normal business operations. Please see the financial statement s contingencies footnote. Environmental, Governmental, and Other Regulatory Matters Our operations are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations, such as those relating to matters such as permitting and licensing, employee health and safety, reclamation and restoration of mining properties, water discharges, air emissions, plant and wildlife protection, the storage, treatment and disposal of wastes, remediation of contaminants, surface subsidence from underground mining and the effects of mining on surface water and groundwater conditions. In addition, we may become subject to additional costs for benefits for current and retired coal miners. These environmental laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (SMCRA) with respect to coal mining activities and ancillary activities; the Clean Air Act (CAA) with respect to air emissions; the Clean Water Act (CWA) with respect to water discharges and the permitting of key operational infrastructure such as impoundments; Resource Conservation and Recovery RCRA with respect to solid and hazardous waste management and disposal, as well as the regulation of underground storage tanks; the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA or Superfund) with respect to releases, threatened releases and remediation of hazardous substances; the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (ESA) with respect to threatened and endangered species; and the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA) with respect to the evaluation of environmental impacts related to any federally issued permit or license. Many of these federal laws have state and local counterparts which also impose requirements and potential liability on our operations. 29 Table of Contents Compliance with these laws and regulations may be costly and time-consuming and may delay commencement, continuation or expansion of exploration or production at our facilities. They may also depress demand for our products by imposing more stringent requirements and limits on our customers operations. Moreover, these laws are constantly evolving and are becoming increasingly complex and stringent over time. These laws and regulations, particularly new legislative or administrative proposals, or judicial interpretations of existing laws and regulations related to the protection of the environment could result in substantially increased capital, operating and compliance costs. Individually and collectively, these developments could have a material adverse effect on our operations directly and/or indirectly, through our customers inability to use our products. Certain implementing regulations for these environmental laws are undergoing revision or have not yet been promulgated. As a result, we cannot always determine the ultimate impact of complying with existing laws and regulations. Due in part to these extensive and comprehensive regulatory requirements and ever-changing interpretations of these requirements, violations of these laws can occur from time to time in our industry and also in our operations. Expenditures relating to environmental compliance are a major cost consideration for our operations and safety and compliance is a significant factor in mine design, both to meet regulatory requirements and to minimize long-term environmental liabilities. To the extent that these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, operating results will be reduced. In addition, our customers are subject to extensive regulation regarding the environmental impacts associated with the combustion or other use of coal, which may affect demand for our coal. Changes in applicable laws or the adoption of new laws relating to energy production, greenhouse gas emissions and other emissions from use of coal products may cause coal to become a less attractive source of energy, which may adversely affect our mining operations, the cost structure and, the demand for coal. We believe that our competitors with operations in the United States are confronted by substantially similar conditions. However, foreign producers and operators may not be subject to similar requirements and may not be required to undertake equivalent costs in or be subject to similar limitations on their operations. As a result, the costs and operating restrictions necessary for compliance with United States environmental laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our competitive position with regard to those foreign competitors. The specific impact on each competitor may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of its operating facilities, applicable legislation and its production methods. The Mine Act and the MINER Act, and regulations issued under these federal statutes, impose stringent health and safety standards on mining operations. The regulations that have been adopted under the Mine Act and the MINER Act are comprehensive and affect numerous aspects of mining operations, including training of mine personnel, mining procedures, roof control, ventilation, blasting, use and maintenance of mining equipment, dust and noise control, communications, emergency response procedures, and other matters. The Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) regularly inspects mines to ensure compliance with regulations promulgated under the Mine Act and MINER Act. Due to the large number of mining permits held by the Company that have been previously mined and operated, there is a significant amount of environmental reclamation and remediation required by the Company to comply with local, state, and federal regulations for coal mining companies. 30 Table of Contents Employees ARC, through its operating subsidiaries, employs a combination of company employees and contract labor to mine coal, process coal, and related functions. The Company is continually evaluating the use of company employees and contract labor to determine the optimal mix of each, given the needs of the Company. Currently, McCoy Elkhorn s Carnegie 1 and 2 Mines and Perry s E4-1 mine and are primarily run by contract labor, and the Company s various coal preparation facilities are run by contract labor. The Company currently has approximately 26 direct employees. The Company is headquartered in Fishers, Indiana with four members of the Company s executive team based at this location. From our inception to-date our activities have been primarily financed from the proceeds of our acquisitions, common share equity investments and loans. Results of Operations The following table summarizes our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenue Coal sales - 5,721,840 (5,721,840 - 16,120,841 (16,120,841 Metal recovery and sales 154,055 5,722 148,333 187,502 60,147 127,355 Royalty income 81,388 80,963 425 146,055 496,682 (350,627 Total revenue 235,443 5,808,525 (5,573,082 333,557 16,677,670 (16,344,113 Operating expenses (income) Coal production and holdings costs 1,784,863 2,084,060 (299,197 2,982,638 8,641,639 (5,659,001 Accretion 248,295 248,289 6 744,877 744,873 4 Depreciation 584,083 582,201 1,882 1,653,642 1,777,244 (123,602 Amortization of mining rights 302,103 311,685 (9,582 925,473 935,055 (9,582 General and administrative 3,936,598 1,719,752 2,216,846 7,937,647 4,669,190 3,268,457 Professional fees 682,525 359,411 323,114 1,823,917 999,143 824,774 Production taxes and royalties 876,503 1,126,719 (250,216 1,323,596 2,720,402 (1,396,806 Development 78,809 1,801,612 (1,722,803 2,996,853 10,582,150 (7,585,297 Gain on sale of equipment - (575,000 575,000 (400,000 (1,625,000 1,225,000 Total operating expenses 8,493,779 7,658,729 835,050 19,988,643 29,444,696 (9,456,049 Net loss from operations (8,258,336 (1,850,204 (6,408,132 (19,655,086 (12,767,026 (6,888,060 Other income (expense) Earnings from equity method investees (164,845 (237,726 72,881 (396,205 39,640 (435,845 Other income and (expense) (32,101 150,000 (182,101 140,904 503,000 (362,096 Interest income 7,527 2,831 4,696 110,916 21,595 89,321 Interest expense (774,478 (521,439 (253,039 (2,109,896 (1,588,486 (521,410 Total other income (expenses) (963,897 (606,334 (357,563 (2,254,281 (1,024,251 (1,230,030 Net loss (9,222,233 (2,456,538 (6,765,695 (21,909,367 (13,791,277 (8,118,090 Less: Non-controlling interest 15,465 95,710 (80,245 80,888 (79,945 160,833 Net loss attributable to AREC shareholders (9,206,768 (2,360,828 (6,845,940 (21,828,479 (13,871,222 (7,957,257 The following table summarizes the period over period changes in revenue generating operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenue Coal sales - 5,721,840 (5,721,840 - 16,120,841 (16,120,841 Metal recovery and sales 154,055 5,722 148,333 187,502 60,147 127,355 Royalty income 81,388 80,963 425 146,055 496,682 (350,627 Total revenue 235,443 5,808,525 (5,573,082 333,557 16,677,670 (16,344,113 Revenue decreased by 5,721,840 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. The primary driver of the decrease was a reduction of 5,721,840 in coal sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 2023. The decrease was partially offset by increases in metal recovery sales and royalty income of 148,333 and 425, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. Revenue decreased by 16,120,841 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. The primary driver of the decrease was a reduction of 16,120,841 in coal sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 2023. Additionally, royalty income decreased by 350,627. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in metal recovery and sales of 127,355 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. 31 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the period over period changes in operating expenses (income) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Operating expenses (income) Coal production and holdings costs 1,784,863 2,084,060 (299,197 2,982,638 8,641,639 (5,659,001 Accretion 248,295 248,289 6 744,877 744,873 4 Depreciation 584,083 582,201 1,882 1,653,642 1,777,244 (123,602 Amortization of mining rights 302,103 311,685 (9,582 925,473 935,055 (9,582 General and administrative 3,936,598 1,719,752 2,216,846 7,937,647 4,669,190 3,268,457 Professional fees 682,525 359,411 323,114 1,823,917 999,143 824,774 Production taxes and royalties 876,503 1,126,719 (250,216 1,323,596 2,720,402 (1,396,806 Development 78,809 1,801,612 (1,722,803 2,996,853 10,582,150 (7,585,297 Gain on sale of equipment - (575,000 575,000 (400,000 (1,625,000 1,225,000 Total operating expenses 8,493,779 7,658,729 835,050 19,988,643 29,444,696 (9,456,053 Total operating expenses increased by 835,050 for the three months ending September 30, 2024 as compared to 2023. This increase was primarily driven by general and administrative expenses of 2,216,846, professional fees of 323,114. These increases were offset by decreases Coal production and holdings costs of 299,197, production taxes and royalties of 250,216 and development expense of 1,722,803. Total operating expenses decreased by 9,456,053 for the nine months ending September 30, 2024 as compared to 2023. This decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in coal production and holdings costs of 5,659,000 as well as decreases in production taxes and royalties of 1,396,806, development expenses of 7,585,297 and gain on sale of equipment of 1,225,000. These decreases were partially offset by increases in general and administrative expenses of 3,268,457 and a increase in professional fees by 824,772. General and administrative expenses are primarily made up of costs related to contract labor, payroll, facility maintenance, and other standard operational expenses. The following table summarizes the period over period changes in other income (expense) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Other income (expense) Earnings from equity method investees (164,845 (237,726 72,881 (396,205 39,640 (435,845 Other income and (expense) (32,101 150,000 (182,101 140,904 503,000 (362,096 Interest income 7,527 2,831 4,696 110,916 21,595 89,321 Interest expense (774,478 (521,439 (253,039 (2,109,896 (1,588,486 (521,410 Total other income (expenses) (963,897 (606,334 (357,563 (2,254,281 (1,024,251 (1,230,030 32 Table of Contents Total other income (expenses) decreased by 357,563 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 2023. The decrease is primarily made up of decreases in other income (expense) of 182,101 and interest expense of 253,039. These decreases were partially offset by increases in earnings from equity method investees of 72,881 and interest income of 4,696. Total other income (expenses) decreased by 1,230,030 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 2023. The decrease is primarily made up of decreases in earnings from equity method investees of 435,845, other income (expense) of 362,096 and interest expense of 521,410. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in interest income of 89,321. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2024, our available cash was 161,651,732. We expect to fund our liquidity requirements with cash on hand, future borrowings and cash flow from operations. If future cash flows are insufficient to meet our liquidity needs or capital requirements, we may reduce our mine development and/or fund a portion of our expenditures through issuance of debt or equity securities, or from other sources, such as asset sales. We do not have any credit lines currently available to fund our liquidity requirements, and currently there is uncertainty regarding our ability to execute the above strategy. Cash Flows from Operating Activities Cash used in operating activities was 16,317,031 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which consists of a net loss of 21,909,367, offset by adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash of 6,415,477 and a change in our net operating assets and liabilities of 823,141 which is primarily the result of an decrease in inventories of 1,975,812, and accounts payable of 1,609,584 and an increase in accounts payable related party of 2,318,695. Cash used in operating activities was 15,908,173 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which consists of a net loss of 13,791,277 partially offset by adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash of 4,143,169 and a change in our net operating assets and liabilities of 6,260,065, which is primarily the result of a decrease in receivables of 3,730,070, inventories of 1,719,836, prepaid expenses and other current assets of 1,131,065, accounts payable related party of 1,102,822 offset by an increase of accounts payable of 1,849,532. Cash Flows from Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities was 1,757,837 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which consisted of an increase in purchase of property and equipment for 166,229, proceeds from the sale of equipment of 400,000, cash invested in a note receivable of 99,022 and proceeds from short-term investments, net of 1,191,608. Cash used in investing activities was 3,862,383 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which consisted of a decrease in purchase of property and equipment for 283,790, proceeds from short-term investments, net of 703,593 and purchase of investments, net of 4,500,000, which were partially offset by proceeds received from the sale of equipment for 1,625,000. Cash Flows from Financing Activities Cash provided by financing activities was 145,336,288 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which consisted of cash received from warrant conversions in the amount of 32,339, proceeds from the convertible promissory note related party in the amount of 894,172, proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 156,900, proceeds from tax exempt bonds of 149,719,203, and proceeds received from other financing obligations of 95,592, partially offset by the repayment of other financing obligations in the amount of 5,561,918. Cash provided by financing activities was 45,671,490 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which consisted of repayment on long term debt of 1,112,850 and repayment on other financing obligations of 4,329,186, partially offset by proceeds from tax exempt bonds of 43,475,887 and proceeds received from other financing obligations of 7,637,639. 33 Table of Contents As a public company, we will be subject to certain reporting and other compliance requirements of a publicly reporting company. We will be subject to certain costs for such compliance which private companies may not choose to make. We have identified such costs as being primarily for audits, legal services, filing expenses, financial and reporting controls and shareholder communications and estimate the cost to be approximately 35,000 monthly if the activities of our Company remain somewhat the same for the next few months. We have included such costs in our monthly cash flow needs and expect to pay such costs from a combination of cash from operations and financing activities. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that we are required to disclose pursuant to these regulations. In the ordinary course of business, we enter into operating lease commitments, purchase commitments and other contractual obligations. These transactions are recognized in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements requires management to utilize estimates and make judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. The estimates are evaluated by management on an ongoing basis, and the results of these evaluations form a basis for making decisions about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Although actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, management believes that the estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements are reasonable. The critical accounting policies affecting our financial reporting are summarized in Note 1 to the financial statements included elsewhere in this report. Recent Accounting Pronouncements None. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Because we are a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include any disclosure under this item. 34 Table of Contents Item 4. Controls and Procedures (a) Management s Conclusions Regarding Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. With respect to the period ending September 30, 2024, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon our evaluation regarding the period ending September 30, 2024, the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the Company s insufficient number of staff performing accounting and reporting functions and lack of timely reconciliations. Through the use of external consultants and the review process, management believes that the financial statements and other information presented herewith are materially correct. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. However, the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. (b) Changes in Internal Controls. There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the period ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 35 Table of Contents PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we are subject to ordinary routine litigation incidental to our normal business operations. Please see financial statement note 6 for detail on cases. Item 1A. Risk Factors Not applicable. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None. Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95.1 to this Quarterly Report. Item 5. Other Information None. 36 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed herewith except as otherwise noted: Exhibit Number Description Location Reference 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Natural Gas Fueling and Conversion Inc. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on November 27, 2013. 3.2 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of NGFC Equities Inc. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s 8k filed on February 25, 2015. 3.3 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of NGFC Equities, Inc. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K on February 21, 2017. 3.4 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of American Resources Corporation dated March 21, 2017. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on February 20, 2018. 3.5 Bylaws of Natural Gas Fueling and Conversion Inc. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on November 27, 2013. 3.6 Bylaws, of NGFC Equities Inc., as amended and restated. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s 8k filed on February 25, 2015. 3.7 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of American Resources Corporation dated November 8, 2018. Filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s 8k filed on November 13, 2018, incorporated herein by reference. 3.8 Bylaws of American Resources Corporation, as amended and restated Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s 8k filed on November 13, 2018. 4.1 Common Stock Purchase Warrant B-4 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.2 Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-1 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.3 Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-2 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.4 Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-3 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.5 Common Stock Purchase Warrant C-4 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.6 Promissory Note for 600,000.00 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.7 Promissory Note for 1,674,632.14 dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017. 4.8 Loan Agreement for up to 6,500,000 dated December 31, 2018 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s 8k filed on January 3, 2019. 4.9 Promissory Note for up to 6,500,000 dated December 31, 2018 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s 8k filed on January 3, 2019. 10.1 Secured Promissory Note Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s 8k filed on May 15, 2018. 10.2 Security Agreement Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s 8k filed on May 15, 2018. 10.3 Pledge Agreement Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s 8k filed on May 15, 2018. 10.4 Guaranty Agreement Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Company s 8k filed on May 15, 2018. 10.5 Bill of Sale Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Company s 8k filed on May 15, 2018. 10.6 Sublease Agreement Between Colonial Coal Company, Inc. and McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s 8k filed on May 1, 2018 10.7 Interim Operating Agreement Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s 8k filed on May 1, 2018 10.8 Consolidated and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated October 4, 2017 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s 8k filed on October 11, 2017 10.9 Asset Purchase Agreement between Wyoming County Coal LLC and Thomas Shelton dated November 7, 2018 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s registration statement filed on December 11, 2018. 37 Table of Contents 10.10 Asset Purchase Agreement between Wyoming County Coal LLC and Synergy Coal, LLC dated November 7, 2018 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s registration statement filed on December 11, 2018. 10.11 Security Agreement Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s 8k filed on January 3, 2019. 10.12 Purchase Order Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Company s 8k filed on January 3, 2019. 10.13 Employment Agreement with Mark C. Jensen Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s registration statement filed on February 6, 2019. 10.14 Employment Agreement with Thomas M. Sauve Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s registration statement filed on February 6, 2019. 10.15 Employment Agreement with Kirk P. Taylor Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s registration statement filed on February 6, 2019. 10.16 Employee Stock Option Plan Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s registration statement filed on February 6, 2019. 10.17 Letter of Intent Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s registration statement filed on February 6, 2019. 10.18 Merger Agreement with Colonial Coal Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s registration statement filed on February 14, 2019. 10.19 Share Exchange Agreement to replace Merger Agreement with Colonial Coal Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s registration statement filed on February 14, 2019. 14.1 Code of Conduct Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s 8k filed on November 13, 2018. 14.2 Financial Code of Ethics Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s 8k filed on November 13, 2018. 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant Filed Herewith 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed Herewith 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed Herewith 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed Herewith 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed Herewith 95.1 Mine Safety Disclosure pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 104 Filed Herewith 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 38 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Mark C. Jensen Name: Mark C. Jensen Title: CEO, Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 39 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 arec_ex211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES
 
 arec_ex211.htm EXHIBIT 21.1 Entity Name Domestic Jurisdiction American Carbon Corp Indiana Deane Mining, LLC Delaware Quest Processing LLC Indiana ERC Mining Indiana Corp Indiana McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC d/b/a McCoy Elkhorn Coal Indiana Knott County Coal LLC Indiana Wyoming County Coal LLC Indiana Perry County Resources LLC Indiana ReElement Technologies Corp Indiana Kentucky Lithium LLC Delaware ReElement Marion LLC Deleware American Metals LLC Indiana Advanced Carbon Materials LLC Indiana American Opportunity Ventures, LLC Delaware American Opportunity Ventures II, LLC Delaware Novusterra Inc Florida TR Mining Equipment LTD Jamaica 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 arec_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 arec_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Certification of Principal Executive Officer I, Mark C. Jensen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of American Resources Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Mark C. Jensen Mark C. Jensen, Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 arec_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 arec_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer I, Kirk P. Taylor, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of American Resources Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Kirk P. Taylor Kirk P. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 arec_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 arec_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the Quarterly Report of American Resources Corporation, (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark C. Jensen, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (i) the accompanying Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Mark C. Jensen Mark C. Jensen, Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 arec_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 arec_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the Quarterly Report of American Resources Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kirk P. Taylor, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (i) the accompanying Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. AMERICAN RESOURCES CORPORATION Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Kirk P. Taylor Kirk P. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95.1>
 7
 arec_ex951.htm
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE PURSUANT
 
 arec_ex951.htm EXHIBIT 95.1 Federal Mine Safety and Health Act Information We work to prevent accidents and occupational illnesses. We have in place health and safety programs that include extensive employee training, safety incentives, drug and alcohol testing and safety audits. The objectives of our health and safety programs are to provide a safe work environment, provide employees with proper training and equipment and implement safety and health rules, policies and programs that foster safety excellence. Our mining operations are subject to extensive and stringent compliance standards established pursuant to the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ). MSHA monitors and rigorously enforces compliance with these standards, and our mining operations are inspected frequently. Citations and orders are issued by MSHA under Section 104 of the Mine Act for violations of the Mine Act or any mandatory health or safety standard, rule, order or regulation promulgated under the Mine Act. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act requires issuers to include in periodic reports filed with the SEC certain information relating to citations or orders for violations of standards under the Mine Act. We present information below regarding certain mining safety and health violations, orders and citations, issued by MSHA and related assessments and legal actions and mine-related fatalities with respect to our active coal mining operations. In evaluating this information, consideration should be given to factors such as: (i) the number of violations, orders and citations will vary depending on the size of the coal mine, (ii) the number of violations, orders and citations issued will vary from inspector to inspector and mine to mine, and (iii) violations, orders and citations can be contested and appealed, and in that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. 1 The following tables include information required by the Dodd-Frank Act for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The mine data retrieval system maintained by MSHA may show information that is different than what is provided herein. Any such difference may be attributed to the need to update that information on MSHA s system and/or other factors. Mine or Operating Name / MSHA Identification Number Section 104(a) S S Citations (1) Section 104(b) Orders (2) Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (3) Section 110(b)(2) Violations (4) Section 107(a) Orders (5) Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed (in thousands) (6) Active Operations McCoy Elkhorn Mine #15 / 15-18775 0 0 0 0 0 441.2 McCoy Elkhorn Carnegie Mine / 15-19313 4 0 0 0 0 19.4 McCoy Elkhorn Carnegie 2 Mine / 15-19801 0 0 0 0 0 17.8 McCoy Elkhorn Bevins Branch Preparation Plant / 15-10445 0 0 0 0 0 29.2 Deane Mining Access Mine/ 15-19532 0 0 0 0 0 95.0 Deane Mining Mill Creek Preparation Plant / 15-16577 0 0 0 0 0 0 Deane Mining Razorblade / 15-19829 0 0 0 0 0 0 Perry County Resources/E4-2 15-19015 0 0 5 0 0 157.7 Perry County Resources/Davidson Preparation Facility 15-05485 0 0 0 0 0 26.8 Knott County Coal Wayland/15-19402 0 0 0 0 0 0 Mine or Operating Name / MSHA Identification Number Total Number of Mining Related Fatalities Received Notice of Pattern of Violations Under Section 104(e) (yes/no) (7) Legal Actions Pending as of Last Day of Period Legal Actions Initiated During Period Legal Actions Resolved During Period Active Operations McCoy Elkhorn Mine #15 / 15-18775 0 No 0 0 0 McCoy Elkhorn Carnegie Mine / 15-19313 0 No 0 0 0 McCoy Elkhorn Bevins Branch Preparation Plant / 15-10445 0 No 0 0 0 McCoy Elkhorn Carnegie 2 Mine / 15-19801 0 No 0 0 0 Deane Mining Access Mine / 15-19532 0 No 0 0 0 Deane Mining Mill Creek Preparation Plant / 15-16577 0 No 0 0 0 Deane Mining Razorblade / 15-19829 0 No 0 0 0 Perry County Resources/E4-2 15-19015 0 No 0 0 0 Perry County Resources/Davidson Preparation Facility 15-05485 0 No 0 0 0 Knott County Coal Wayland / 15-19402 0 No 0 0 0 2 The number of legal actions pending before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission as of September 30, 2024 that fall into each of the following categories is as follows: Mine or Operating Name / MSHA Identification Number Contests of Citations and Orders Contests of Proposed Penalties Complaints for Compensation Complaints of Discharge / Discrimination / Interference Applications for Temporary Relief Appeals of Judge s Ruling Active Operations McCoy Elkhorn Mine #15 / 15-18775 0 0 0 0 0 0 McCoy Elkhorn Carnegie Mine / 15-19313 0 0 0 0 0 0 McCoy Elkhorn Bevins Branch Preparation Plant / 15-10445 0 0 0 0 0 0 McCoy Elkhorn Carnegie 2 Mine / 15-19801 0 0 0 0 0 0 Deane Mining Access Mine / 15-19532 0 0 0 0 0 0 Deane Mining Mill Creek Preparation Plant / 15-16577 0 0 0 0 0 0 Deane Mining Razorblade / 15-19829 0 0 0 0 0 0 Perry County Resources/E4-2 15-19015 0 0 0 0 0 0 Perry County Resources/Davidson Preparation Facility 15-05485 0 0 0 0 0 0 Knott County Coal Wayland / 15-19402 0 0 0 0 0 0 (1) Mine Act section 104(a) S S citations shown above are for alleged violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a coal mine health and safety hazard. It should be noted that, for purposes of this table, S S citations that are included in another column, such as Section 104(d) citations, are not also included as Section 104(a) S S citations in this column. (2) Mine Act section 104(b) orders are for alleged failures to totally abate a citation within the time period specified in the citation. (3) Mine Act section 104(d) citations and orders are for an alleged unwarrantable failure (i.e., aggravated conduct constituting more than ordinary negligence) to comply with mandatory health or safety standards. (4) Mine Act section 110(b)(2) violations are for an alleged flagrant failure (i.e., reckless or repeated) to make reasonable efforts to eliminate a known violation of a mandatory safety or health standard that substantially and proximately caused, or reasonably could have been expected to cause, death or serious bodily injury. (5) Mine Act section 107(a) orders are for alleged conditions or practices which could reasonably be expected to cause death or serious physical harm before such condition or practice can be abated and result in orders of immediate withdrawal from the area of the mine affected by the condition. (6) Amounts shown include assessments proposed by MSHA during the three months ended September 30, 2024 on all citations and orders, including those citations and orders that are not required to be included within the above chart. This number may differ from actual assessments paid to MSHA as the Company may contest any proposed penalty. (7) Mine Act section 104(e) written notices are for an alleged pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a coal mine safety or health hazard. 3 

</EX-95.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 arec-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 arec-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 arec-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 arec-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

