<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_51253_0000051253-24-000042.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12009940</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>132218</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1891684</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4677935</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2679257</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2357774</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000051253-24-000042.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105171903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000051253-24-000042
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS & FRAGRANCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000051253
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				131432060
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04858
		FILM NUMBER:		241428560

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		521 W 57TH ST
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127655500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		521 W 57TH ST
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VANAMERIGEN HAEBLER INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19680426

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000051253-24-000042.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 iff-20240930.htm
 10-Q

iff-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , -2960 
 , , -2907 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of October 29, 2024: 

INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS FRAGRANCES INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE PART I - Financial Information ITEM 1. Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 
 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 45 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 45 
 PART II - Other Information ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 46 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 46 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 46 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 46 
 Signatures 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
 
 INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS FRAGRANCES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of Sales Gross profit Research and development expenses Selling and administrative expenses Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles Impairment of goodwill Restructuring and other charges (Gains) losses on sale of assets ) ) ) Operating profit Interest expense (Gains) losses on business disposals ) Loss on assets classified as held for sale Other expense (income), net ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to IFF shareholders Net income per share - basic and diluted Average number of shares outstanding - basic Average number of shares outstanding - diluted Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), after tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Gains (losses) on derivatives qualifying as hedges ) Pension and postretirement liability adjustment ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to IFF shareholders ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS FRAGRANCES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Trade receivables (net of allowances) Inventories Assets held for sale Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Current Assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities: Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued payroll and bonus Dividends payable Liabilities held for sale Other current liabilities Total Current Liabilities Other Liabilities: Long-term debt Retirement liabilities Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total Other Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 17) par value; shares authorized; shares issued as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost and shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 ) ) Total Shareholders Equity Non-controlling interests Total Shareholders Equity including Non-controlling interests Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS FRAGRANCES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) Common stock Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Treasury stock Non-controlling interest Total Shares Cost Shares Cost Balance at July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other Comprehensive (loss) income, after tax ) ) Cash dividends declared (1) 
 ) ) Stock options/SSARs ) ) Vested restricted stock units and awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 (AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) Common stock Capital in excess of par value Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Treasury stock Non-controlling interest Total Shares Cost Shares Cost Balance at July 1, 2024 ) ) ) ) Net income Other Comprehensive (loss) income, after tax Cash dividends declared (1) 
 ) ) Stock options/SSARs Vested restricted stock units and awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 
 (AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) Common stock Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Treasury stock Non-controlling interest Total Shares Cost Shares Cost Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other Comprehensive (loss) income, after tax ) ) Cash dividends declared (1) 
 ) ) Stock options/SSARs ) ) Vested restricted stock units and awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Purchase of NCI ) ) Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 (AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) Common stock Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Treasury stock Non-controlling interest Total Shares Cost Shares Cost Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) ) ) Net income Other Comprehensive (loss) income, after tax Cash dividends declared (1) 
 ) ) Stock options/SSARs ) Vested restricted stock units and awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Cash dividends declared per common share were and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and and per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS FRAGRANCES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) Loss on assets classified as held for sale Gains on sale of assets ) ) (Gains) Losses on business disposals ) Stock-based compensation Pension contributions ) ) Impairment of goodwill Inventory write-down Changes in assets and liabilities: Trade receivables ) ) Inventories ) Accounts payable ) ) Accruals for incentive compensation ) Other current payables and accrued expenses ) Other assets/liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) Additions to intangible assets ) Proceeds from sale of assets Net proceeds received from business disposals Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Cash dividends paid to shareholders ) ) Decrease in revolving credit facility and short-term borrowings ) Net borrowings of commercial paper (maturities less than three months) ) Principal payments of debt ) ) Deferred and contingent consideration paid ) ) Withholding tax paid on stock-based compensation ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental Disclosures: Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized Income taxes paid, net Accrued capital expenditures 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL FLAVORS FRAGRANCES INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 Correction of Prior Year Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The Company revised Interest expense from million to million, and Other income, net from million to million, on its Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company also revised Interest expense from million to million and Other income, net from million to million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These adjustments had no impact on net income and reflect certain adjustments made to interest expense associated with the Company s cash pooling arrangements. The impacts of these corrections are also presented in the related footnotes. 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 Cash and cash equivalents included in Assets held for sale Restricted cash Non-current assets Restricted cash included in Other assets Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 million of its trade receivables Company s own factoring agreements ). In addition, the Company utilizes factoring agreements sponsored by certain customers. Under all of the arrangements, the Company sells the trade receivables on a non-recourse basis to unrelated financial institutions and accounts for the transactions as sales of receivables. The applicable receivables are removed from the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets when the cash proceeds are received by the Company. 
 The Company sold a total of approximately million and million of receivables under the Company s own factoring agreements and customer sponsored factoring agreements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The cost of participating in these programs was approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was approximately million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These costs are included as a component of interest expense. Under the Company s own factoring agreements for which the Company has continued responsibility to collect receivables and provide to its sponsor, it sold approximately million and million of receivables for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The outstanding principal amounts of receivables under the Company s own factoring agreements amounted to approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The proceeds from the sales of receivables are included in Net cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 billion of trade receivables, net of allowances of million. Based on the aging analysis as of September 30, 2024, less than of the Company s accounts receivable were past due by over 365 days based on the payment terms of the invoice. 
 Bad debt expense (reversals) ) Write-offs ) ) Foreign exchange (gains) losses ) ) Balance at September 30 
 
 Work in process Finished goods Total 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 amounts outstanding related to suppliers participation in the SCF program. 

NOTE 2. 
 Adjustment related to (increase) in redemption value of redeemable non-controlling interests in excess of earnings allocated ) Net income available to IFF shareholders Shares Weighted average common shares outstanding (basic) Adjustment for assumed dilution: Stock options and restricted stock awards Weighted average shares assuming dilution (diluted) Net Income per Share Net income per share - basic and diluted 
 The Company declared a quarterly dividend to its shareholders of and per share for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company declared quarterly dividends to its shareholders totaling and , respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were approximately million share equivalents that had an anti-dilutive effect and therefore were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share in the period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, there were approximately million share equivalents that had an anti-dilutive effect and therefore were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share. 
 The Company has issued shares of Purchased Restricted Stock Units PRSUs which contain rights to non-forfeitable dividends while these shares are outstanding and thus are considered participating securities. Such securities are required to be included in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 per share. 

NOTE 3. 
 million. The sale consideration is subject to certain post-closing adjustments, which is primarily related to cash, indebtedness and working capital balances. 
 Direct costs to sell ) Fair value of sale consideration 
 The Net proceeds received from business disposals presented under Cash flows from investing activities represent the cash portion of the sale consideration, which was determined as the fair value of sale consideration adjusted by the cash transferred to the buyer as part of the transaction. Amounts paid for direct costs to sell are presented under Cash flows from operating activities. 
 Cash transferred to the buyer ) Net Cash flows from investing activities 
 The carrying amount of net assets associated with the business unit, adjusted for currency translation adjustment, was approximately million. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Trade receivables, net Inventories Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities Accounts payable ) Deferred tax liability ) Other liabilities ) Total liabilities ) Equity Accumulated other comprehensive income - currency translation adjustment Total equity Carrying value of net asset (adjusted for currency translation adjustment) 
 As a result of the business divestiture, the Company recognized a pre-tax gain of approximately million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments, presented in (Gains) losses on business disposals on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The total income tax expense/(benefit) recognized was approximately million, with approximately ) million that was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Divestiture of the Flavors and Essences UK Business 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company completed the divestiture of its Flavors and Essences UK F E business, which was a part of the Nourish segment. The Company completed the divestiture on September 1, 2024, and received net cash proceeds of approximately million. The carrying amount of net assets associated with the business unit, adjusted for currency translation adjustment, was approximately million. The majority of net assets sold included intangible assets and goodwill attributable to the F E business. As part of the business divestiture, the Company recognized a pre-tax loss of approximately million presented in (Gains) losses on business disposals and a tax benefit of approximately million presented in Provision for income taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Divestiture of the Flavors Specialty Ingredients Business 
 The Company completed the divestiture of the Flavors Specialty Ingredients business on August 1, 2023, and received net cash proceeds of approximately million, which included million related to the delayed transfer of the control of specific assets and liabilities of non-U.S. jurisdiction business. In addition, approximately million of proceeds were held in escrow and were released upon satisfaction of certain conditions during the fourth quarter of 2023. Concurrent with the completion of the business divestiture, the Company entered into a supply agreement with the buyer. Based on the terms of the supply agreement, an adjustment of million was made against the fair value of sale consideration. 
 As a result of the business divestiture, the Company recognized a pre-tax loss of approximately million presented in (Gains) losses on business disposals on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. There was a net working capital adjustment of ) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, resulting in a cumulative pre-tax loss of approximately million. 
 Divestiture of a Portion of the Savory Solutions Business 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million. In addition, a receivable of approximately million was recorded which reflected the remaining sale consideration that was received in January 2024. 
 As a result of the divestiture, the Company recognized a pre-tax loss of approximately million presented in (Gains) losses on business disposals on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. There was a net working capital adjustment of million for the three months ended December 31, 2023, resulting in a cumulative pre-tax loss of approximately million. 
 Liquidation of a Business in Russia 
 As part of the liquidation of a business in Russia for the sale of the portion of the Savory Solutions business, the Company recognized a pre-tax loss of approximately million presented in the (Gains) losses on business disposals, and tax benefits of approximately million presented in Provision for income taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale 
 Pharma Solutions 
 During the first quarter of 2024, the Company announced it had entered into an agreement to sell its Pharma Solutions business, that is primarily made up of most businesses within the Company's existing Pharma Solutions reportable operating segment as well as certain adjacent businesses (the Pharma Solutions disposal group ). The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to close in the second quarter of 2025. 
 The sale does not constitute a strategic shift of the Company s operations and does not, and will not, have major effects on the Company s operations and financial results. Therefore, the transaction does not meet the discontinued operations criteria. 
 The Company determined that the assets and liabilities of the Pharma Solutions disposal group met the criteria to be presented as held for sale during the second quarter of 2024. As a result, at September 30, 2024, such assets and liabilities were classified as held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The classification of the Pharma Solutions disposal group as held for sale was considered an event or change in circumstance which required an assessment of the existing Pharma Solutions reporting unit. The Company performed a pre-classification goodwill impairment test and determined that the fair value of the Pharma Solutions reporting unit exceeded the carrying value. 
 The Company engaged an independent third party to determine the fair value of the assets held for sale as of May 1, 2024, based upon the sale price including earn outs expected to be received from the buyer. The fair value of the earn out was based on a Monte Carlo simulation. Goodwill was allocated to the Pharma Solutions disposal group based upon the relative fair value of the businesses included in the disposal group compared to the reporting units to which the businesses relate. The Company then performed a post-classification goodwill impairment test and determined that the fair value was less than the carrying value of the Pharma Solutions disposal group. As such, the Company recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million which is presented in Impairment of goodwill on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The Company also performed a goodwill impairment test of the remaining businesses in the Pharma Solutions reporting unit that were not classified as held for sale and determined that the fair value exceeded the carrying value. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company engaged an independent third-party to determine an updated fair value of the Pharma Solutions disposal group. The Company determined that the fair value of million (fair value of million less estimated costs to sell of million) of the Pharma Solutions disposal group was less than the carrying value. As such, the Company recorded a loss in the third quarter of 2024 of million to adjust the carrying value of the disposal group to its fair value less cost to sell, bringing the total year-to-date loss to million. This is presented in Loss on assets classified as held for sale on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company recorded the loss on classification of held for sale as a valuation allowance on the group of assets held for sale, without allocation to the individual assets or major classes of assets within the group. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized total income tax benefits of million related to loss on assets classified as held for sale for the Pharma Solutions disposal group. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to the terms agreed under the 2026 Term Loan Facility, a portion of the net cash proceeds received from the sale of the Pharma Solutions disposal group, when and if completed, must be used to repay our borrowings under the 2026 Term Loan Facility. Therefore, the Company reclassified the 2026 Term Loan Facility balance from Long-term debt to Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (see Note 13). 
 
 Nitrocellulose 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 million in the third quarter of 2024 to adjust the carrying value of the assets to its fair value based on the agreed sales price. This is presented in Loss on assets classified as held for sale on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company recognized total income tax benefits of million related to loss on assets classified as held for sale for the portion of the Savory Solutions business in Turkey. 
 Carrying Amount of Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale 
 As of December 31, 2023, the assets and liabilities of the Cosmetic Ingredients business met the criteria to be presented as held for sale . The Company completed the divestiture on April 2, 2024 and therefore the assets and liabilities of the Cosmetic Ingredients business are not included in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024. 
 Trade receivables, net Inventories Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill (1) 
 Other intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Less: Loss recognized on assets held-for-sale (2) 
 ) Total assets held-for-sale Liabilities Accounts payable Deferred tax liability Other liabilities Total liabilities held-for-sale _______________________ 
 (1) The goodwill balance in assets held for sale for the Pharma Solutions disposal group as of September 30, 2024, is presented net of million of goodwill impairment. 
 (2) Includes the impact of million, primarily related to losses on foreign currency translation, expected to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss upon close of the sales. 

NOTE 4. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 charges related to severance. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately million of charges related to a lease impairment. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company had approximately million and million of charges, respectively. Since the inception of the restructuring activities, there have been a total of approximately headcount reductions and the Company has expensed approximately million. As of December 31, 2023, the restructuring activities were completed related to employee exits. The Company continues to evaluate its owned and leased properties following the combination of IFF and DuPont de Nemours, Inc s nutrition and biosciences business Merger with N B and may incur additional costs to further consolidate its footprint. 
 2023 Restructuring Program 
 In December 2022, the Company announced a restructuring program mainly related to headcount reduction to improve its organizational and operating structure, drive efficiencies and achieve cost savings. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred approximately million and million of charges related to severance, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred approximately million of reversals and million of charges related to severance, respectively. Since the inception of the restructuring program, the Company has expensed approximately million and there have been a total of approximately actual headcount reductions. 
 ) 2023 Restructuring Program Severance ) Total Restructuring and other charges ) ) 
 Restructuring liabilities are presented in Other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Charges by Segment 
 The following table summarizes the total amount of costs incurred in connection with the restructuring programs and activities by segment. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Nourish Health Biosciences Scent Pharma Solutions Total Restructuring and other charges 

NOTE 5. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Liability-based awards Total stock-based compensation expense Less: Tax benefit ) ) ) ) Total stock-based compensation expense, after tax 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested awards granted under the equity incentive plans. 

NOTE 6. 
 reportable operating segments: Nourish, Health Biosciences, Scent and Pharma Solutions. 
 Health Biosciences Scent Pharma Solutions Consolidated Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA: Nourish Health Biosciences Scent Pharma Solutions Total Depreciation Amortization ) ) ) ) Interest Expense ) ) ) ) Other (Expense) Income, net ) ) Restructuring and Other Charges a) ) ) ) ) Impairment of Goodwill b) ) Gains (Losses) on Business Disposals c) ) ) ) Loss on Assets Classified as Held for Sale d) ) ) Acquisition, Divestiture and Integration Costs e) ) ) ) ) Strategic Initiatives Costs f) ) ) ) ) Regulatory Costs g) ) ) ) ) Other h) ) Income Before Taxes 
 _______________________ 
 a) For 2024, represents costs related to lease impairment and severance as part of the Company's restructuring efforts. For 2023, represents costs primarily related to severance as part of the Company's restructuring efforts. b) For 2024, represents costs related to the impairment of goodwill related to the Pharma Solutions disposal group. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, business divestiture, integration and acquisition costs were approximately million, million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, business divestiture and integration costs were approximately million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, business divestiture, integration and acquisition costs were approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 
 f) Represents costs related to the Company's strategic assessment and business portfolio optimization efforts and reorganizing the Global Business Services Centers, primarily consulting fees. g) Represents costs primarily related to legal fees incurred and provisions recognized for the ongoing investigations of the fragrance businesses. h) Represents gains (losses) from sale of assets, executive employee separation costs and costs related to the Company's entity realignment project to optimize the structure of holding companies, primarily consulting fees. 
 Greater Asia North America Latin America Consolidated 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales related to the U.S. Net sales attributed to all foreign countries 
 No non-U.S. country had net sales greater than of total consolidated net sales for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

NOTE 7. 
 Expected return on plan assets (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Net amortization and deferrals (2) 
 Net periodic benefit (income) cost ) ) 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation (2) 
 Expected return on plan assets (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Net amortization and deferrals (2) 
 ) Net periodic benefit (income) cost 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Included as a component of Operating profit. 
 (2) Included as a component of Other expense (income), net. 
 The Company expects to contribute a total of million to its U.S. pension plans and a total of million to its non-U.S. pension plans during 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, million of contributions were made to the qualified U.S. pension plans, million of contributions were made to the non-U.S. pension plans and million of contributions were made with respect to the Company s non-qualified U.S. pension plan. 
 Net amortization and deferrals ) ) ) ) Total postretirement benefit (income) expense ) ) 
 The Company expects to make million of payments related to its postretirement benefits other than pension plans during 2024. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, million of benefit payments were made. 

NOTE 8.) ) ) Interest income Gain on China facility relocation Pension-related benefit Other ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) 

NOTE 9. 
 , which was primarily driven by tax impacts on business divestitures and changes in the mix of earnings, some of which do not give rise to tax benefits due to valuation allowances. 
 The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was , which was primarily driven by tax impacts on business divestitures and changes in the mix of earnings, some of which do not give rise to tax benefits due to valuation allowances. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately million of unrecognized tax benefits recorded in Other liabilities. If these unrecognized tax benefits were recognized, the effective tax rate would be affected. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million classified in Other liabilities. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s aggregate provisions for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, was approximately million associated with tax positions asserted in various jurisdictions. 
 The Company regularly repatriates earnings from non-U.S. subsidiaries. As the Company repatriates these funds to the U.S., there will be required income taxes payable in certain U.S. states and applicable foreign withholding taxes during the period when such repatriation occurs. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had a deferred tax liability of approximately million for the effect of repatriating the funds to the U.S., attributable to various non-U.S. subsidiaries. There is deferred tax liability associated with non-U.S. subsidiaries where the Company intends to indefinitely reinvest the earnings to fund local operations and/or capital projects. 

NOTE 10. 
 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Information technology Construction in process Total Property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Interest incurred during the construction period of certain property, plant and equipment is capitalized until the underlying assets are placed in service, at which time straight-line amortization of the capitalized interest begins over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Capitalized interest was approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and approximately million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

NOTE 11. 
 Transferred to assets held for sale (1) 
 ) ) ) Reduction from business divestitures (2) 
 ) ) Foreign exchange ) Balance at September 30, 2024 _______________________ 
 (1) Recognized million of impairment related to the Pharma Solutions disposal group classified as held for sale as of September 30, 2024. See Note 3 for additional information. 
 (2) Relates to the divestiture of the Flavors Essences UK business. See Note 3 for additional information. 
 billion and billion of accumulated impairment related to the Nourish and Health Biosciences reportable segments. The accumulated impairment relates to impairment charges recorded in 2023 and 2022. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Technological know-how Trade names patents Other Total carrying value Accumulated Amortization Customer relationships ) ) Technological know-how ) ) Trade names patents ) ) Other ) ) Total accumulated amortization ) ) Other intangible assets, net 
 Amortization 
 Amortization expense was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

NOTE 12. 
 Prepaid income taxes Packaging materials and supplies Prepaid expenses Other Total 
 Overfunded pension plans Cash surrender value of life insurance contracts Finance lease right-of-use assets Equity method investments Other (1) 
 Total _______________________ 
 (1) Includes long-term receivables, deposits, land usage rights in China, and derivative assets. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Value-added tax payable Interest payable Current pension and other postretirement benefit obligation Earn outs payable (1) 
 Accrued restructuring Current operating lease obligation Accrued income taxes Accrued expenses payable (1) 
 Other Total _______________________ 
 (1) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid million to the Seller as part of the acquisition of Health Wright Products, Inc., out of which million related to Earn outs payable , and million related to escrow funds which were recorded within Accrued expenses payable . 

NOTE 13. 
 2025 Notes (1) 
 2026 Euro Notes (1) 
 2027 Notes (1) 
 2028 Notes (1) 
 2030 Notes (1) 
 2040 Notes (1) 
 2047 Notes (1) 
 2048 Notes (1) 
 2050 Notes (1) 
 2024 Term Loan Facility (1) 
 2026 Term Loan Facility (1) 
 Revolving Credit Facility (2) 
 Commercial paper (3) 
 Bank overdrafts and other Total debt Less: Short-term borrowings (4) 
 ) ) Total Long-term debt 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Amount is net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs. 
 (2) The interest rate on the Revolving Credit Facility is, at the applicable borrower s option, a per annum rate equal to either (x) an eurocurrency rate plus an applicable margin varying from to or (y) a base rate plus an applicable margin varying from to , in each case depending on the public debt ratings for non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Company. 
 (3) The effective interest rate of commercial paper issuances fluctuates as short-term interest rates and demand fluctuate, and deferred debt issuance costs are immaterial. Additionally, the effective interest rate of commercial paper is not meaningful as issuances do not materially differ from short-term interest rates. 
 (4) Includes current portion of long-term debt, commercial paper, and overdrafts. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 billion and repayments of billion under the commercial paper program. The commercial paper issued had original maturities of less than 42 days. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company had gross issuances of billion and repayments of billion under the commercial paper program. The commercial paper issued had original maturities of less than 86 days. 
 The commercial paper program is backed by the borrowing capacity available under the Revolving Credit Facility. The effective interest rate of commercial paper issuances does not materially differ from short-term interest rates, which fluctuate due to market conditions and as a result may impact our interest expense. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had drawdowns of million under the Revolving Credit Facility and repayments of million under the Revolving Credit Facility. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company had drawdowns of million and repayments of million under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Term Loan Facility 
 Pursuant to the terms agreed under the 2026 Term Loan Facility, a portion of the net cash proceeds received from the sale of the Pharma Solutions disposal group, when and if completed, must be used to repay our borrowings under the 2026 Term Loan Facility. Therefore, the Company reclassified the 2026 Term Loan Facility balance from Long-term debt to Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (see Note 3). 
 Repayments of Debt 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made a million and million (approximately million) debt repayment at maturity related to the 2024 Term Loan Facility and 2024 Euro Notes, respectively, which were primarily funded from commercial paper issuances, which were subsequently repaid using proceeds received from the divestiture of the Cosmetic Ingredients business. The Company also made quarterly debt repayments totaling approximately million related to the 2026 Term Loan Facility in accordance with the terms of the debt agreement, and a voluntary repayment of million related to the 2026 Term Loan Facility. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company made a million debt repayment related to the 2023 Notes at maturity, which was funded from the issuance of million under the Revolving Credit Facility. The issuance under the Revolving Credit Facility was repaid in June 2023. The Company also made a voluntary million debt repayment related to the 2024 Term Loan Facility. 

NOTE 14. 
 years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to years. 
 Variable lease cost Total operating lease cost Finance leases Finance lease cost 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases Finance leases 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets are presented in Operating lease right-of-use assets and finance lease right-of-use assets are presented in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Operating lease liabilities are presented in Operating lease liabilities and finance lease liabilities are presented in Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Any other current liabilities related to operating and finance lease liabilities are presented in Other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

NOTE 15. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 LEVEL 2 Credit facilities and bank overdrafts (2) 
 Derivatives Derivative assets (3) 
 Derivative liabilities (3) 
 Commercial paper (2) 
 Long-term debt: 2024 Euro Notes (4) 
 2025 Notes (4) 
 2026 Euro Notes (4) 
 2027 Notes (4) 
 2028 Notes (4) 
 2030 Notes (4) 
 2040 Notes (4) 
 2047 Notes (4) 
 2048 Notes (4) 
 2050 Notes (4) 
 2024 Term Loan Facility (5) 
 2026 Term Loan Facility (5) 
 
 _______________________ 
 (1) The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value due to the short maturity of those instruments. 
 (2) The carrying amount approximates fair value as the interest rate is reset frequently based on current market rates as well as the short maturity of those instruments. 
 (3) The carrying amount approximates fair value as the instruments are marked-to-market and held at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (4) The fair value of the Note is obtained from pricing services engaged by the Company, and the Company receives one price for each security. The fair value provided by the pricing services are estimated using pricing models, where the inputs to those models are based on observable market inputs or recent trades of similar securities. The inputs to the valuation techniques applied by the pricing services are typically benchmark yields, benchmark security prices, credit spreads, reported trades and broker-dealer quotes, all with reasonable levels of transparency. 
 (5) The carrying amount approximates fair value as the Term Loans were assumed at fair value and the interest rate is reset frequently based on current market rates. 
 Derivatives 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
 The Company periodically enters into foreign currency forward contracts with the objective of managing our exchange rate risk related to foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities of our operations. These contracts generally involve the exchange of one currency for a second currency at a future date, have maturities not exceeding twelve months and are with counterparties which are major international financial institutions. 
 Commodity Contracts 
 The Company utilizes options, futures and swaps that are not designated as hedging instruments to reduce exposure to commodity price fluctuations on purchases of inventory such as soybeans, soybean oil and soybean meal. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million of Euro Notes as a hedge of a portion of its net European investments. Accordingly, the change in the value of the debt that is attributable to foreign exchange movements is recorded in Other comprehensive income OCI as a component of foreign currency translation adjustments in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 Cross Currency Swaps 
 The Company has EUR/USD cross currency swaps with a notional value of billion that mature through November 2030. The swaps all qualified as net investment hedges in order to mitigate a portion of the Company s net European investments from foreign currency risk. As of September 30, 2024, the twelve swaps were in a liability position with an aggregate fair value of million, which were classified as Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in fair value related to cross currency swaps are recorded in OCI.) ) Commodity contracts (1) 
 Cross currency swaps _______________________ 
 (1) Foreign currency contracts and commodity contracts are presented net of contracts bought and sold. 
 Total derivative assets Derivative liabilities (2) 
 Foreign currency contracts Cross currency swaps Total derivative liabilities 
 
 December 31, 2023 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) Fair Value of Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments Fair Value of Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Total Fair Value Derivative assets (1) 
 Foreign currency contracts Total derivative assets Derivative liabilities (2) 
 Foreign currency contracts Cross currency swaps Total derivative liabilities _______________________ 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Other expense (income), net Total ) ) Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative Settlements Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Changes in Fair Value Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Foreign currency contracts (1) 
 ) ) Other expense (income), net Commodity contracts ) Cost of sales Total ) ) 
 _______________________ 
 (1) The foreign currency contract net gains (losses) offset any recognized gains (losses) arising from the revaluation of the related intercompany loans during the same respective periods. 
 
 Cost of sales Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationships: Cross currency swaps ) N/A Non-Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationships: 2024 Euro Notes N/A 2026 Euro Notes ) N/A Total ) 
 24 

Table of Contents N/A Commodity contracts Cost of sales Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationships: Cross currency swaps ) ) N/A Non-Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationships: 2024 Euro Notes N/A 2026 Euro Notes ) N/A Total ) 
 The ineffective portion of the above noted net investment hedges was approximately million and million for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively, and was recorded as a reduction to Interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 At September 30, 2024, based on current market rates, the Company does not expect any material derivative losses (net of tax), included in AOCI, to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. 

NOTE 16.) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss), net of tax, as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges Pension and Postretirement Liability Adjustment Total Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax, as of January 1, 2024 ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) Reclassifications due to business divestitures Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss), net of tax, as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 25 

Table of Contents ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Reclassifications due to business divestitures Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss), net of tax, as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges Pension and Postretirement Liability Adjustment Total Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax, as of January 1, 2023 ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Reclassifications due to business divestitures ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax, as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 (1) 
 Actuarial losses ) (1) 
 Tax ) Provision for income taxes Total ) Total, net of income taxes 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Affected Line Item in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (Loss) (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) 2024 2023 Gains (losses) on pension and postretirement liability adjustments Prior service cost (1) 
 Actuarial losses ) (1) 
 Tax ) Provision for income taxes Total ) Total, net of income taxes 
 _______________________ 
 (1) The amortization of prior service cost and actuarial loss is included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost. Refer to Note 15 of the Company s 2023 Form 10-K for additional information regarding net periodic benefit cost. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 17. 
 million of bank guarantees, commercial guarantees, standby letters of credit and surety bonds with various financial institutions. Included in the above aggregate amount was a total of approximately million for other assessments in Brazil for various income tax and indirect tax disputes related to fiscal years 1998-2011. There was a total of approximately million outstanding under the bank guarantees, standby letters of credit and commercial guarantees as of September 30, 2024. 
 In order to challenge the assessments in these cases in Brazil, the Company has been required to, and has separately pledged assets, principally property, plant and equipment, to cover assessments in the amount of approximately million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Lines of Credit 
 The Company has various lines of credit which are available to support its ongoing business operations. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a total capacity of approximately billion of lines of credit with various financial institutions, in addition to the billion of capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility. Pursuant to these lines of credit as of September 30, 2024, there were no draw downs related to the issuances of commercial paper. See Note 13 for additional information. 
 Litigation 
 The Company assesses contingencies related to litigation and/or other matters to determine the degree of probability and range of possible loss. A loss contingency is accrued in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable and unfavorable resolutions could occur, assessing contingencies is highly sensitive and requires judgments about future events. On at least a quarterly basis, the Company reviews contingencies related to litigation to determine the adequacy of accruals. The amount of ultimate loss may differ from these estimates and further events may require the Company to increase or decrease the amounts it has accrued on any matter. 
 Periodically, the Company assesses its insurance coverage for all known claims, where applicable, taking into account aggregate coverage by occurrence, limits of coverage, self-insured retentions and deductibles, historical claims experience and claims experience with its insurance carriers. The liabilities are recorded at management s best estimate of the probable outcome of the lawsuits and claims, taking into consideration the facts and circumstances of the individual matters as well as past experience on similar matters. At each balance sheet date, the key issues that management assesses are whether it is probable that a loss as to asserted or unasserted claims has been incurred and if so, whether the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company records the expected liability with respect to claims in Other liabilities and expected recoveries from its insurance carriers in Other assets. The Company recognizes a receivable when it believes that realization of the insurance receivable is probable under the terms of the insurance policies and its payment experience to date. 
 Litigation Matters 
 A motion to approve a securities class action was filed in the Tel Aviv District Court, Israel, in August 2019, alleging, among other things, false and misleading statements largely in connection with IFF s acquisition of Frutarom and improper payments made by Frutarom businesses operating principally in Russia and Ukraine to representatives of customers. The motion Oman (following an initial amendment) asserted claims under the Israeli Securities Act-1968 against IFF, its former Chairman and CEO, and its former CFO, and against Frutarom and certain former Frutarom officers and directors, as well as claims under the Israeli Companies Act-1999 against certain former Frutarom officers and directors. On July 14, 2022, the court approved the parties motion to mediate the dispute, which postponed all case deadlines until after the mediation. The parties held mediation meetings on September 13, 2022, November 22, 2022, March 1, 2023, November 2023, March 3, 2024 and April 1, 2024. In May 2024, the court granted the parties' joint motion proposing certain case deadlines, setting an evidentiary hearing on the motion to approve class action in February 2025. 
 On October 29, 2019, IFF and Frutarom filed a claim in the Tel Aviv District Court, Israel, against Ori Yehudai, the former President and CEO of Frutarom, and against certain former directors of Frutarom, challenging the bonus of US million granted to Yehudai in 2018. IFF and Frutarom allege, among other things, that Yehudai was not entitled to receive the bonus because he breached his fiduciary duty by, among other things, knowing of the above-mentioned improper payments and failing to prevent them from being made. The parties agreed, pursuant to the court s recommendation, to attempt to resolve the dispute through mediation, and a court decision is pending with regard to the order in which this claim and the class action described 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million bonus paid to Yehudai. The court held an evidentiary hearing on the motion to approve a class action in March 2024. 
 Since March 2023, various putative class action lawsuits have been filed against IFF, Firmenich International SA, Givaudan SA, and Symrise AG and/or certain affiliates thereof in the Quebec Superior Court, the Federal Court of Canada, Ontario Superior Court, the Supreme Court of British Columbia and, in several cases, the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. These actions allege violations of the Canadian Competition Act and the Sherman Act, as applicable, and other related claims, and seek damages and other relief. In December 2023, the Federal Court of Canada proceeding was discontinued in its entirety. IFF may face additional civil suits, in the United States or elsewhere, relating to such alleged conduct. At this time, IFF is unable to predict the potential outcome of these lawsuits or any potential effect they may have on the Company s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 
 Investigations 
 On June 3, 2020, the Israel Police s National Fraud Investigation Unit and the Israeli Securities Authority commenced an investigation into Frutarom and certain of its former executives, based on suspected bribery of foreign officials, money laundering, and violations of the Israeli Securities Act-1968. On February 26, 2024, the Israeli authorities informed Frutarom that the authorities decided to close the criminal investigation. 
 
 On March 7, 2023, the European Commission EC and the United Kingdom Competition and Markets Authority CMA carried out unannounced inspections of certain of IFF s facilities. On the same day, IFF was served with a grand jury subpoena by the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ ). IFF understands the EC, CMA, DOJ and the Swiss Competition Commission are investigating potential anticompetitive conduct as it relates to IFF s fragrance businesses. The Mexican Competition Commission has also announced that it is investigating potential anticompetitive conduct in the fragrance and fragrance ingredients industries. IFF has been and intends to continue cooperating with these investigations. During the first three months of 2024, IFF recognized a provision of million (approximately million) in connection with a settlement with the EC, which was paid during the third quarter of 2024. This settlement pertains to a charge related to the deletion of messages relevant to the investigation by a former Scent employee. This settlement does not conclude the ongoing antitrust investigation. IFF is currently unable, however, to predict or determine the duration or outcome of the investigations, or whether the outcome of the investigations will materially impact the Company s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, the Company from time to time receives complaints from customers regarding product quality, performance or other aspects of its ongoing relationships. The Company is unable to determine whether the potential settlement of customer claims, if any, will materially impact the Company's results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition. 
 Environmental Proceedings 
 The Company is reporting the following environmental matter in compliance with SEC requirements to disclose environmental proceedings where a governmental authority is a party and that involve potential monetary sanctions of or greater. Effective March 22, 2024, the Solae, LLC Memphis site Solae signed an Administrative Order on Consent (the Consent Order resolving violations and penalties pertaining to the Administrative Order and Assessment received from the City of Memphis on May 27, 2022 related to alleged wastewater discharge violations. In view of the Consent Order, Solae withdrew its previously filed appeal. Pursuant to the Consent Order, Solae is completing its capital project efforts in accordance with the agreed schedule for attaining compliance with current wastewater permit requirements. This matter is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, cash flows or results of operations. 
 Other Contingencies 
 The Company has contingencies involving third parties (such as labor, contract, technology or product-related claims or litigation) as well as government-related items in various jurisdictions in which it operates pertaining to such items as value-added taxes, other indirect taxes, customs and duties and sales and use taxes. It is possible that cash flows or results of operations, in any period, could be materially affected by the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these contingencies. 
 The most significant government-related contingencies exist in Brazil. With regard to the Brazilian matters, the Company believes it has valid defenses for the underlying positions under dispute; however, in order to pursue these defenses, the Company is required to, and has provided, bank guarantees and pledged assets in the aggregate amount of approximately million. The Brazilian matters take an extended period of time to proceed through the judicial process and there are a limited number of rulings to date. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 (UNLESS INDICATED OTHERWISE, DOLLARS IN MILLIONS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 
 The following management s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, liquidity and capital resources included in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 28, 2024 with the SEC 2023 Form 10-K ). 

OVERVIEW 
 Company Background 
 With the Merger with N B in 2021 and our acquisition of Frutarom Industries Ltd. in 2018, we have expanded our global leadership positions, which now include high-value ingredients and solutions in the Food Beverage, Home Personal Care and Health Wellness markets, and across key Taste, Texture, Scent, Nutrition, Enzymes, Cultures, Soy Proteins, Pharmaceutical Excipients and Probiotics categories. 
 We are organized into four reportable operating segments: Nourish, Health Biosciences, Scent and Pharma Solutions. 
 Our Nourish segment consists of an innovative and broad portfolio of natural-based ingredients to enhance nutritional value, texture and functionality in a wide range of beverage, dairy, bakery, confectionery and culinary applications and consists of Ingredients, Flavors and Food Designs. 
 Our Health Biosciences segment consists of the development and production of an advanced biotechnology-derived portfolio of enzymes, food cultures, probiotics and specialty ingredients for food and non-food applications. Among many other applications, this biotechnology-driven portfolio includes cultures for use in fermented foods such as yogurt, cheese and fermented beverages, probiotic strains, many with documented clinical health claims for use as dietary supplements and through industrial fermentation the production of enzymes and microorganisms that provide product and process performance benefits to household detergents, animal feed, ethanol production and brewing. Health Biosciences is comprised of Health, Cultures Food Enzymes, Home Personal Care, Animal Nutrition and Grain Processing. 
 Our Scent segment creates fragrance compounds and fragrance ingredients that are integral elements in the world s finest perfumes and best-known household and personal care products. Consumer insights science and creativity are at the heart of our Scent business, and, along with our unique portfolio of natural and synthetic ingredients, global footprint, innovative technologies and know-how, and customer intimacy, we believe these make us a market leader in scent products. The Scent segment is comprised of Fragrance Compounds and Fragrance Ingredients. We completed the divestiture of our Cosmetic Ingredients business on April 2, 2024. 
 Our Pharma Solutions segment produces, among other things, a vast portfolio of cellulosics and seaweed-based pharmaceutical excipients, used to improve the functionality and delivery of active pharmaceutical ingredients, including controlled or modified drug release formulations, and enabling the development of more effective pharmaceutical finished dosage formulations. Our excipients are used in prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceuticals and dietary supplements. Our Pharma Solutions products also serve a variety of other specialty and industrial end-uses including coatings, inks, electronics, agriculture and consumer products. On March 19, 2024, we announced the sale process and entered into an agreement to sell the Pharma Solutions business disposal group, that is primarily made up of most businesses within the Company's existing Pharma Solutions reportable segment as well as certain adjacent businesses. During October 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to sell its nitrocellulose business, which is within the Company's existing Pharma Solutions reportable operating segment. See Note 3 for additional information. 
 Financial Measures Currency Neutral 
 Changes in our financial results include the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We provide currency neutral calculations in this report to remove the impact of these items. We calculate currency neutral numbers by translating current year invoiced sale amounts at the exchange rates used for the corresponding prior year period. We use currency neutral results in our analysis of subsidiary and/or segment performance. We also use currency neutral numbers when analyzing our performance against our competitors. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Impact related to the Israel-Hamas War 
 We maintain operations in Israel and, additionally, export products to customers in Israel from operations outside the region. We will continue to evaluate the current events and any potential impacts related to this matter, but we do not expect there to be a material impact to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, total sales to Israeli customers were less than 1 of total sales. 
 Impact related to the Russia-Ukraine War 
 We maintain operations in both Russia and Ukraine and, additionally, export products to customers in Russia and Ukraine from operations outside the region. In response to the events in Ukraine, we have limited the production and supply of ingredients in and to Russia to only those that meet the essential needs of people, including food, hygiene and medicine. 
 For each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, sales to Russian customers were approximately 1 of total sales. 
 For each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, sales to Ukrainian customers were less than 1 of total sales. 
 We have a reserve of approximately 2 million related to expected credit losses on receivables from customers located in Russia and Ukraine. For additional information, refer to Note 1 and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 Financial Performance Overview 
 Sales 
 Sales in the third quarter of 2024 increased 105 million, or 4 on a reported basis, to 2.925 billion compared to 2.820 billion in the 2023 period. On a currency neutral basis, sales in the third quarter of 2024 increased 7 compared to the 2023 period. Exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact on net sales for the third quarter of 2024 of 3 . The effect of exchange rates can vary by business and region, depending upon the mix of sales priced in U.S. dollars as compared to other currencies. The increase in currency neutral sales was primarily driven by volume increases across various businesses, offset by divestiture impacts of approximately 23 million from the sale of the Cosmetic Ingredients business. 
 Gross profit in the third quarter of 2024 increased 128 million, or 14 , to 1.052 billion (36.0 of sales) compared to 924 million (32.8 of sales) in the 2023 period. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by volume increases and favorable net pricing, offset in part by unfavorable exchange rate variations and divestiture impacts from the sale of the Cosmetic Ingredients business. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Net sales 2,925 2,820 4 8,713 8,776 (1) Cost of Sales 1,873 1,896 (1) 5,569 5,955 (6) Gross profit 1,052 924 14 3,144 2,821 11 Research and development (R D) expenses 162 157 3 501 479 5 Selling and administrative (S A) expenses 495 444 11 1,478 1,343 10 Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 146 170 (14) 467 513 (9) Impairment of goodwill NMF 64 NMF Restructuring and other charges 1 2 (50) 6 61 (90) (Gains) losses on sale of assets (1) 1 (200) (11) (1) NMF Operating profit 249 150 66 639 426 50 Interest expense 74 90 (18) 236 291 (19) (Gains) losses on business disposals 20 10 100 (348) 29 NMF Loss on assets classified as held for sale 32 NMF 314 NMF Other expense (income), net 28 (9) NMF 44 (17) NMF Income before income taxes 95 59 61 393 123 220 Provision for income taxes 35 32 9 100 77 30 Net income 60 27 122 293 46 NMF Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 1 2 (50) 4 3 33 Net income attributable to IFF shareholders 59 25 136 289 43 NMF Net income per share - diluted 0.23 0.10 130 1.13 0.16 NMF Gross margin 36.0 32.8 NMF 36.1 32.1 NMF R D as a percentage of sales 5.5 5.6 (10) bps 5.8 5.5 30 bps S A as a percentage of sales 16.9 15.7 120 bps 17.0 15.3 170 bps Operating margin 8.5 5.3 NMF 7.3 4.9 240 bps Effective tax rate 36.8 54.2 NMF 25.4 62.6 NMF Segment net sales Nourish 1,486 1,449 3 4,460 4,666 (4) Health Biosciences 570 518 10 1,659 1,553 7 Scent 613 615 1,861 1,815 3 Pharma Solutions 256 238 8 733 742 (1) Consolidated 2,925 2,820 8,713 8,776 
 _______________________ 
 NMF: Not meaningful 
 Cost of goods sold includes the cost of materials and manufacturing expenses. R D expenses include expenses related to the development of new and improved products and technical product support. S A expenses include expenses necessary to support our commercial activities and administrative expenses supporting our overall operating activities including compliance with governmental regulations. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 THIRD QUARTER 2024 IN COMPARISON TO THIRD QUARTER 2023 
 Sales Performance by Segment 
 Change in Sales - Third Quarter 2024 vs. Third Quarter 2023 Reported Currency Neutral (1) 
 Nourish 3 6 Health Biosciences 10 12 Scent 0 5 Pharma Solutions 8 8 Total 4 7 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Currency neutral sales is calculated by translating current year invoiced sale amounts at the exchange rates for the corresponding prior year period. 
 Nourish 
 Nourish sales in 2024 increased 37 million, or 3 on a reported basis, to 1.486 billion compared to 1.449 billion in the prior year period. On a currency neutral basis, Nourish sales increased 6 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact. Performance in the Nourish operating segment was driven by volume increases across various business units. 
 Health Biosciences 
 Health Biosciences sales in 2024 increased 52 million, or 10 on a reported basis, to 570 million compared to 518 million in the prior year period. On a currency neutral basis, Health Biosciences sales increased 12 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact. Performance in the Health Biosciences operating segment was driven by volume increases across all business units. 
 Scent 
 Scent sales in 2024 remained flat at 613 million compared to 615 million in the prior year period. On a currency neutral basis, Scent sales increased 5 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact. Performance in the Scent operating segment was driven by price increases in the fragrance compounds business unit and volume increases in the fragrance compounds and fragrance ingredients business units, offset in part by the divestitures of the Cosmetic Ingredients business with an impact of approximately 23 million. 
 Pharma Solutions 
 Pharma Solutions sales in 2024 increased 18 million, or 8 on a reported basis, to 256 million compared to 238 million in the prior year period. On a currency neutral basis, Pharma Solutions sales increased by 8 as exchange rate variations were flat in 2024 compared to the prior year. Performance in the Pharma Solutions operating segment was driven by volume increases across Pharma and Industrial end markets. 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold decreased 23 million to 1.873 billion (64.0 of sales) in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 1.896 billion (67.2 of sales) in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in cost of goods sold was primarily driven by lower raw material costs and manufacturing expenses, lower unfavorable manufacturing absorption compared to the prior year period, offset in part by volume increases in sales. 
 Research and Development (R D) Expenses 
 R D expenses increased 5 million to 162 million (5.5 of sales) in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 157 million (5.6 of sales) in the third quarter of 2023. The increase in R D expenses was primarily driven by an increase in incentive compensation expense. 
 Selling and Administrative (S A) Expenses 
 S A expenses increased 51 million to 495 million (16.9 of sales) in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 444 million (15.7 of sales) in the third quarter of 2023. The increase in S A expenses was primarily driven by increased incentive compensation expense and divestiture related costs incurred in preparation for the sale of the Pharma Solutions disposal group. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of Acquisition-Related Intangibles 
 Amortization expenses decreased to 146 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 170 million in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in amortization expense was primarily driven by the reduction in intangible assets as a result of the change in business portfolio mix due to divestitures and intangible assets of the Pharma Solutions disposal group being classified as held for sale , and therefore no longer recognizing amortization expense on those intangible assets. See Note 3 for additional information. 
 Restructuring and Other Charges 
 Restructuring and other charges was 1 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2 million in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was driven by lower severance costs incurred compared to the prior year period. See Note 4 for additional information. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense decreased to 74 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 90 million in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in interest expense was due to lower debt outstanding. See Note 13 for additional information. 
 Losses on Business Disposals 
 Losses on business disposals increased to 20 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 10 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily driven by the loss recognized on the F E UK divestiture. See Note 3 for additional information. 
 Loss on Assets Classified as Held for Sale 
 Loss on assets classified as held for sale was 32 million in the third quarter of 2024. This is related to assets classified as held for sale for the Pharma Solutions disposal group and the portion of the Savory Solutions business in Turkey. See Note 3 for additional information. 
 Other Expense (Income), Net 
 Other expense (income), net, was 28 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to (9) million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase of 37 million was primarily due to higher foreign exchange losses in 2024. See Note 8 for additional information. 
 Income Taxes 
 The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 36.8 compared to 54.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The quarter-over-quarter decrease was primarily driven by an increase in pre-tax income, changes in the mix of earnings and in tax charges on business divestitures. 
 Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA Results 
 The Company uses Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA for internal reporting and performance measurement purposes. Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA is defined as Income Before Taxes before depreciation and amortization expense, interest expense, restructuring and other charges and certain items that are not related to recurring operations. Our determination of reportable segments was made on the basis of our strategic priorities within each segment and corresponds to the manner in which our Chief Operating Decision Maker reviews and evaluates operating performance to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment. In addition to our strategic priorities, segment reporting is also based on differences in the products and services we provide. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) 2024 2023 Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA: Nourish 206 178 Health Biosciences 173 150 Scent 127 131 Pharma Solutions 62 47 Total 568 506 Depreciation Amortization (248) (292) Interest Expense (74) (90) Other (Expense) Income, net (28) 9 Restructuring and Other Charges (1) (2) Gains (Losses) on Business Disposals (20) (10) Loss on Assets Classified as Held for Sale (32) Acquisition, Divestiture and Integration Costs (55) (42) Strategic Initiatives Costs (6) (6) Regulatory Costs (10) (13) Other 1 (1) Income Before Taxes 95 59 Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA margin: Nourish 13.9 12.3 Health Biosciences 30.4 29.0 Scent 20.7 21.3 Pharma Solutions 24.2 19.7 Consolidated 19.4 17.9 
 Nourish Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA 
 Nourish Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA increased 28 million, or 16 on a reported basis, to 206 million in the third quarter of 2024 (13.9 of segment sales) from 178 million (12.3 of segment sales) in the comparable 2023 period. On a currency neutral basis, Nourish Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA increased 25 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact. In addition, the performance was primarily driven by volume increases and favorable net pricing. 
 Health Biosciences Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA 
 Health Biosciences Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA increased 23 million, or 15 on a reported basis, to 173 million in the third quarter of 2024 (30.4 of segment sales) from 150 million (29.0 of segment sales) in the comparable 2023 period. On a currency neutral basis, Health Biosciences Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA increased 19 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact. In addition, the performance was primarily driven by volume increases and favorable net pricing. 
 Scent Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA 
 Scent Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA decreased 4 million, or 3 on reported basis, to 127 million in the third quarter of 2024 (20.7 of segment sales) from 131 million (21.3 of segment sales) in the comparable 2023 period. On a currency neutral basis, Scent Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA increased 13 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact. In addition, the performance was primarily driven by volume increases and favorable net pricing, offset in part by the impact of the divestiture of the Cosmetic Ingredients business. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Pharma Solutions Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA 
 Pharma Solutions Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA increased 15 million, or 32 on a reported basis, to 62 million in the third quarter of 2024 (24.2 of segment sales) from 47 million (19.7 of segment sales) in the comparable 2023 period. On a currency neutral basis, Pharma Solutions Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA increased 31 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations were flat. The increase was primarily driven by volume increases, improved utilization and productivity gains. 

FIRST NINE MONTHS 2024 IN COMPARISON TO FIRST NINE MONTHS 2023 
 Sales 
 Sales for the first nine months of 2024 decreased 63 million, or 1 on a reported basis, to 8.713 billion compared to 8.776 billion in the 2023 period. On a currency neutral basis, sales for the first nine months of 2024 increased 3 compared to the 2023 period, as exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact on net sales in the first nine months of 2024. The effect of exchange rates can vary by business and region, depending upon the mix of sales priced in U.S. dollars as compared to other currencies. In addition, the decrease in sales was primarily driven by the divestiture impacts of the portion of the Savory Solutions business, Flavors Specialty Ingredients FSI business, and Cosmetic Ingredients business change in business portfolio mix due to divestitures ), which was approximately 314 million, offset in part by volume increases across various business lines. 
 Sales Performance by Segment 
 Change in Sales - First Nine Months 2024 vs. First Nine Months 2023 Reported Currency Neutral (1) 
 Nourish -4 -1 Health Biosciences 7 9 Scent 3 8 Pharma Solutions -1 -1 Total -1 3 _______________________ 
 (1) Currency neutral sales is calculated by translating current year invoiced sale amounts at the exchange rates for the corresponding prior year period. 
 Nourish 
 Nourish sales in 2024 decreased 206 million, or 4 on a reported basis, to 4.460 billion compared to 4.666 billion in the prior year period. On a currency neutral basis, Nourish sales decreased 1 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact. In addition, performance in the Nourish operating segment was driven by the divestiture of the portion of the Savory Solutions business with an impact of approximately 222 million and price decreases, offset in part by volume increases across all business units. 
 Health Biosciences 
 Health Biosciences sales in 2024 increased 106 million, or 7 on a reported basis, to 1.659 billion compared to 1.553 billion in the prior year period. On a currency neutral basis, Health Biosciences sales increased 9 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact. Performance in the Health Biosciences operating segment was driven by volume increases across all business units and price increases across Cultures Food Enzymes and Grain Processing business units. 
 Scent 
 Scent sales in 2024 increased 46 million, or 3 on a reported basis, to 1.861 billion compared to 1.815 billion in the prior year period. On a currency neutral basis, Scent sales increased 8 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact. Performance in the Scent operating segment was driven by price increases in the Fragrance Compounds business unit and volume increases across all business units, offset in part by the divestiture of the FSI business and Cosmetic Ingredients business, with an impact of approximately 92 million. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Pharma Solutions 
 Pharma Solutions sales in 2024 decreased 9 million, or 1 on a reported basis, to 733 million compared to 742 million in the prior year period. On a currency neutral basis, Pharma Solutions sales also decreased 1 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations had no impact. Performance in the Pharma Solutions operating segment was driven by price decreases offset in part by volume growth in industrial markets. 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold decreased 386 million to 5.569 billion (63.9 of sales) in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 5.955 billion (67.9 of sales) in the 2023 period. The decrease in cost of goods sold was primarily driven by the change in business portfolio mix due to divestitures which was approximately 206 million, lower raw material costs and manufacturing expenses, lower unfavorable manufacturing absorption compared to the prior year period, positive net pricing and productivity compared to the prior year period, offset in part by volume increases. 
 Research and Development (R D) Expenses 
 R D expenses increased 22 million to 501 million (5.8 of sales) in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 479 million (5.5 of sales) in the 2023 period. The increase in R D expenses was primarily driven by an increase in incentive compensation expense, offset in part by the net impact of the change in business portfolio mix due to divestitures. 
 Selling and Administrative (S A) Expenses 
 S A expenses increased 135 million to 1.478 billion (17.0 of sales) in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 1,343 million (15.3 of sales) in the 2023 period. The increase in S A expenses was primarily driven by an increase in incentive compensation expense, professional fees, legal fees and provisions incurred for the ongoing investigations of the fragrance businesses, and divestiture related costs incurred in preparation for the sale of the Pharma Solutions disposal group, offset in part by the change in business portfolio mix due to divestitures. 
 Amortization of Acquisition-Related Intangibles 
 Amortization expenses decreased to 467 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 513 million in the 2023 period. The decrease in amortization expense was primarily driven by the reduction in intangible assets as a result of the change in business portfolio mix due to divestitures and intangible assets of the Pharma Solutions disposal group being classified as held for sale , and therefore no longer recognizing amortization expense on those intangible assets. See Note 3 for additional information. 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 The impairment of goodwill was 64 million in the first nine months of 2024. See Note 3 for additional information. 
 Restructuring and Other Charges 
 Restructuring and other charges decreased to 6 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 61 million in the 2023 period. The decrease was driven by higher severance costs incurred as part of the 2023 Restructuring Program, net of reversals of prior severance cost accruals, in the first nine months of 2023. See Note 4 for additional information. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense decreased to 236 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 291 million in the 2023 period. The decrease in interest expense was due to lower debt outstanding (see Note 13 for additional information). 
 (Gains) Losses on Business Disposals 
 (Gains) losses on business disposals increased to (348) million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 29 million in the 2023 period. The net gain on business disposals in 2024 primarily relates to the gain recognized on the sale of the Cosmetic Ingredients business, offset in part by the loss recognized on the sale of the F E UK business. The loss in the 2023 period relates to the sale of the FSI business, the sale of a portion of the Savory Solutions business, and liquidation of a business in Russia for the sale of the portion of the Savory Solutions business. See Note 3 for additional information. 
 Loss on Assets Classified as Held for Sale 
 Loss on assets classified as held for sale was 314 million in the first nine months of 2024. This related to assets classified as held for sale for the Pharma Solutions disposal group and the portion of the Savory Solutions business in Turkey. See Note 3 for additional information. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Other Expense (Income), Net 
 Other expense (income), net, was 44 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to (17) million in the 2023 period. The change of 61 million was primarily due to increased foreign exchange losses, in addition to the gain recognized on the China facility relocation in the 2023 period. See Note 8 for additional information. 
 Income Taxes 
 The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 25.4 compared to 62.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by an increase in pre-tax income, changes in the mix of earnings and in tax charges on business divestitures. 
 Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA Results 
 The Company uses Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA for internal reporting and performance measurement purposes. Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA is defined as Income Before Taxes before depreciation and amortization expense, interest expense, restructuring and other charges and certain items that are not related to recurring operations. Our determination of reportable segments was made on the basis of our strategic priorities within each segment and corresponds to the manner in which our Chief Operating Decision Maker reviews and evaluates operating performance to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment. In addition to our strategic priorities, segment reporting is also based on differences in the products and services we provide. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) 2024 2023 Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA: Nourish 654 567 Health Biosciences 497 426 Scent 421 353 Pharma Solutions 162 173 Total 1,734 1,519 Depreciation Amortization (772) (855) Interest Expense (236) (291) Other (Expense) Income, net (44) 17 Restructuring and Other Charges (6) (61) Impairment of Goodwill (64) Gains (Losses) on Business Disposals 348 (29) Loss on Assets Classified as Held for Sale (314) Acquisition, Divestiture and Integration Costs (172) (118) Strategic Initiatives Costs (22) (28) Regulatory Costs (64) (32) Other 5 1 Income Before Taxes 393 123 Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA margin: Nourish 14.7 12.2 Health Biosciences 30.0 27.4 Scent 22.6 19.4 Pharma Solutions 22.1 23.3 Consolidated 19.9 17.3 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Nourish Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA 
 Nourish Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA increased 87 million, or 15 on a reported basis, to 654 million in the first nine months of 2024 (14.7 of segment sales) from 567 million (12.2 of segment sales) in the comparable 2023 period. On a currency neutral basis, Nourish Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA increased 29 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact. The performance was primarily driven by favorable net pricing, productivity gains and volume increases, offset in part by the impact of the divestiture of the portion of the Savory Solutions business. 
 Health Biosciences Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA 
 Health Biosciences Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA increased 71 million, or 17 on a reported basis, to 497 million in the first nine months of 2024 (30.0 of segment sales) from 426 million (27.4 of segment sales) in the comparable 2023 period. On a currency neutral basis, Health Biosciences Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA increased 19 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact. The performance was primarily driven by volume increases and favorable net pricing. 
 Scent Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA 
 Scent Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA increased 68 million, or 19 on a reported basis, to 421 million in the first nine months of 2024 (22.6 of segment sales) from 353 million (19.4 of segment sales) in the comparable 2023 period. On a currency neutral basis, Scent Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA increased 41 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations had an unfavorable impact. The performance was primarily driven by favorable net pricing, productivity gains and volume increases, offset in part by the impact of the divestiture of the FSI business and Cosmetic Ingredients business. 
 Pharma Solutions Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA 
 Pharma Solutions Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA decreased 11 million, or 6 on a reported basis, to 162 million in the first nine months of 2024 (22.1 of segment sales) from 173 million (23.3 of segment sales) in the comparable 2023 period. On a currency neutral basis, Pharma Solutions Segment Adjusted Operating EBITDA decreased 6 in 2024 compared to the prior year period as exchange rate variations remained flat. The decreased performance was primarily driven by higher costs including favorable one-off items in the 2023 period which did not recur in the 2024 period. 

Liquidity 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of 569 million, inclusive of 2 million currently in Assets held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, at September 30, 2024 compared to 729 million, inclusive of 26 million in Assets held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, at December 31, 2023 and of this balance, a portion was held outside the United States. Cash balances held in foreign jurisdictions are, in most circumstances, available to be repatriated to the United States. 
 Effective utilization of the cash generated by our international operations is a critical component of our strategy. We regularly repatriate cash from our non-U.S. subsidiaries to fund financial obligations in the U.S. As we repatriate these funds to the U.S., there will be required income taxes payable in certain U.S. states and applicable foreign withholding taxes during the period when such repatriation occurs. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024, we had a deferred tax liability of approximately 167 million for the effect of repatriating the funds to the U.S., attributable to various non-U.S. subsidiaries. There is no deferred tax liability associated with non-U.S. subsidiaries where we intend to indefinitely reinvest the earnings to fund local operations and/or capital projects. 
 Cash Flows Provided By Operating Activities 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 702 million, or 8.1 of sales, compared to 795 million, or 9.1 of sales, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cash flows from operating activities during 2024 was primarily driven by an increase in working capital, largely related to accounts receivable and inventories including amounts held for sale, offset in part by accounts payable and higher cash earnings, excluding the impact of non-cash adjustments. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows Provided By Investing Activities 
 Cash flows provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 586 million compared to 638 million in the prior year period. The decrease in cash flows provided by investing activities was primarily driven by lower net proceeds received from business divestitures compared to the prior year period, offset in part by decreased additions to property, plant and equipment. 
 We have evaluated and re-prioritized our capital projects and expect that capital spending in 2024 will be approximately 4.8 of sales (net of potential grants and other reimbursements from government authorities), up from 4.4 in 2023. 
 Cash Flows Used In Financing Activities 
 Cash flows used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,444 million compared to 1,293 million in the prior year period. The increase in cash flows used in financing activities was primarily driven by higher repayments of long-term debt, offset in part by lower dividends and higher repayments in the prior year period of commercial paper and amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 We paid dividends totaling 411 million in the 2024 period. We declared a cash dividend per share of 0.40 in the third quarter of 2024 that was paid on October 9, 2024 to all shareholders of record as of September 20, 2024. 
 Our capital allocation strategy seeks to maintain our investment grade rating while investing in the business and continuing to pay dividends and repaying debt. The Company does not have any rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity dates of its senior unsecured debt. However, any downgrade in our credit rating may, depending on the extent of such downgrade, negatively impact our ability to raise additional debt capital, our liquidity and capital position, and may increase our cost of borrowing for new capital raises. In addition, our existing Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loans have pricing grids that are based on credit rating, such that our cost of borrowing may increase as our credit rating decreases. We make capital investments in our businesses to support our operational needs and strategic long-term plans. We are committed to maintaining our history of paying a dividend to investors which is determined by our Board of Directors at its discretion based on various factors. 
 Capital Resources 
 Operating cash flow provides the primary source of funds for capital investment needs, dividends paid to shareholders and debt service repayments. We anticipate that cash flows from operations, cash proceeds generated from planned business divestitures and availability under our existing credit facilities will be sufficient to meet our investing and financing needs, including our debt service requirements for the foreseeable future. We regularly assess our capital structure, including both current and long-term debt instruments, as compared to our cash generation and investment needs in order to provide ample flexibility and to optimize our leverage ratios. See Note 13 for additional information. 
 Term Loans and Revolving Credit Facility 
 Our credit agreements contain various covenants, limitations and events of default customary for similar facilities for similarly rated borrowers, including the requirement for us to maintain, at the end of each fiscal quarter, a ratio of net debt for borrowed money to credit adjusted EBITDA in respect of the previous 12-month period. 
 Our Term Loans and Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a base rate or a rate equal to Term SOFR plus an adjustment of 0.10 per annum or, in the case of euro-denominated loans, the Euro interbank offered rate, plus, in each case, an applicable margin based on our public debt rating. Loans may be prepaid without premium or penalty, subject to customary breakage costs. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Based on the amendments entered into on September 19, 2023 for our Term Loans and Revolving Credit Facility, we were provided with a financial covenant relief period through December 31, 2025, or such earlier date on which we elect to terminate such period, by providing that during the financial covenant relief period, our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA ratio shall not exceed as of the end of the fiscal quarter for the period of the four fiscal quarters then ended: (i) 5.25x for any fiscal quarter ending on or before March 31, 2024, (ii) 4.75x for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024, (iii) 4.50x for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2024, (iv) 4.25x for any subsequent fiscal quarter ending on or before March 31, 2025, (v) 4.00x for any subsequent fiscal quarter ending on or before September 30, 2025 and (vi) 3.75x for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2025. During the financial covenant relief period, the amendments prohibit us from (i) effecting share repurchases, (ii) declaring and paying dividends in cash on common stock in excess of 0.81 per share per fiscal quarter (for an aggregate amount of 3.24 per fiscal year) and (iii) creating liens to secure debt in excess of the greater of 300 million and 3.65 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets (as defined in the amendments to our Term Loans and Revolving Credit Facility), in each case subject to certain exceptions set forth therein. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had no outstanding borrowings under our 2.000 billion Revolving Credit Facility. The amount that we are able to draw down under the Revolving Credit Facility is limited by financial covenants as described in more detail below. As of September 30, 2024, our available capacity was 1.347 billion under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Refer to Note 13 of this Form 10-Q and Part IV, Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules, Note 9 of our 2023 Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Debt Covenants 
 At September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial and other covenants, including the net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA (1) ratio. At September 30, 2024, our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA (1) ratio was 3.89 to 1.0 as defined by the credit facility agreements, which is below the relevant level provided by our financial covenants of existing outstanding debt. The most comparable GAAP measure is the total debt to net loss ratio, which was (3.93) to 1.0 at September 30, 2024. 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Credit adjusted EBITDA and net debt, which are non-GAAP measures used for these covenants, are calculated in accordance with the definition in the debt agreements. In this context, these measures are used solely to provide information on the extent to which we are in compliance with debt covenants and may not be comparable to credit adjusted EBITDA and net debt used by other companies. Reconciliations of credit adjusted EBITDA to net loss and net debt to total debt are as follows: 
 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 Net loss (2,321) Interest expense 325 Income taxes 68 Depreciation and amortization 1,059 Specified items (1) 
 3,038 Non-cash items (2) 
 32 Credit Adjusted EBITDA 2,201 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Specified items consisted of restructuring and other charges, impairment of goodwill, acquisition, divestiture and integration costs, strategic initiatives costs, regulatory costs and other costs that are not related to recurring operations. 
 (2) Non-cash items consisted of losses (gains) on sale of assets, losses (gains) on business disposals, losses on assets classified as held for sale, gain on China facility relocation, write-down of inventory related to Locust Bean Kernel and stock-based compensation. 
 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) September 30, 2024 Total debt (1) 
 9,127 Adjustments: Cash and cash equivalents (2) 
 569 Net debt 8,558 _______________________ 
 (1) Total debt used for the calculation of net debt consisted of short-term debt, long-term debt, short-term finance lease obligations and long-term finance lease obligations. 
 (2) Cash and cash equivalents included approximately 2 million currently in Assets held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Senior Notes 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024, we had 8.544 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding in senior unsecured notes, with 894 million principal amount denominated in EUR and 7.650 billion principal amount denominated in USD. The notes bear effective interest rates ranging from 1.22 per year to 5.12 per year, with maturities from October 1, 2025 to December 1, 2050. See Note 13 for additional information. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We expect to contribute a total of 5 million to our U.S. pension plans and a total of 23 million to our non-U.S. pension plans during 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 1 million of contributions were made to the qualified U.S. pension plans, 14 million of contributions were made to the non-U.S. pension plans and 3 million of contributions were made with respect to the non-qualified U.S. pension plan. We also expect to contribute 4 million to our postretirement benefits other than pension plans during 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 2 million of benefit payments were made to postretirement benefits other than pension plans. 
 As discussed in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, at September 30, 2024, we had entered into various guarantees and had undrawn outstanding letters of credit from financial institutions. These arrangements reflect ongoing business operations, including commercial commitments, and governmental requirements associated with audits or litigation that are in process with various jurisdictions. Based on the current facts and circumstances, these arrangements are not reasonably likely to have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, except with respect to our goodwill impairment assessment. As discussed in Note 3, the Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment of the Pharma Solutions disposal group. We estimated the fair value of the Pharma Solutions disposal group, based on the price at which the Company has agreed to sell the disposal group including the fair value of contingent consideration expected to be received in the form of earn outs. The fair value of the earn outs were based on a Monte Carlo simulation. The fair value estimation uses Level 3 unobservable inputs as categorized within the ASC Topic 820 fair value hierarchy. This method considers the terms and conditions of the earn outs as described in the relevant transaction agreements, our best estimates of forecasted EBITDA for the earn out periods as applicable, and assumptions such as risk-adjusted discount rate, EBITDA volatility, counterparty discount rate and risk-free rate. The simulation consists first in risk-adjusting the EBITDA projections using a risk-adjusted discount rate and then simulating a range of EBITDAs over the applicable period using the estimate of EBITDA volatility. The fair value of the earn outs are estimated as the present value of the potential range of payouts averaged across the range of simulated EBITDAs using the counterparty discount rate. A 10 increase or decrease in the fair value of contingent consideration would not have a material impact to the impairment charge. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, the Company performed quantitative goodwill impairment assessments of its Pharma Solutions reporting unit before and after classification of the disposal group as held for sale. Goodwill allocated to the Pharma Solutions reporting unit was 1.2 billion before classification of the disposal group as held for sale and 74 million after classification of the disposal group as held for sale. Neither test resulted in goodwill impairment. For the pre-classification impairment assessment, we estimated the fair value of the Pharma Solutions reporting unit based upon the fair value of the held for sale disposal group as described above and the estimated fair value of the portion of the Pharma Solutions reporting unit that was not classified as held for sale remaining Pharma Solutions reporting unit ). For both the pre- and post-classification impairment assessments, we estimated the fair value of the remaining Pharma Solutions reporting unit based upon the estimated sale proceeds we would expect to receive in a transaction between willing market participants. 
 New Accounting Standards 
 Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use non-GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-Q, including: (i) currency neutral metrics and (ii) adjusted operating EBITDA and adjusted operating EBITDA margin. We also provide the non-GAAP measure net debt solely for the purpose of providing information on the extent to which the Company is in compliance with debt covenants contained in its debt agreements. Our non-GAAP financial measures are defined below. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 These non-GAAP financial measures are intended to provide additional information regarding our underlying operating results and comparable year-over-year performance. Such information is supplemental to information presented in accordance with GAAP and is not intended to represent a presentation in accordance with GAAP. In discussing our historical and expected future results and financial condition, we believe it is meaningful for investors to be made aware of and to be assisted in a better understanding of, on a period-to-period comparable basis, financial amounts both including and excluding these identified items, as well as the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of the Company s results under GAAP and may not be comparable to other companies calculation of such metrics. 
 Adjusted operating EBITDA and adjusted operating EBITDA margin exclude depreciation and amortization expense, interest expense, other (expense) income, net, restructuring and other charges and certain items unrelated to recurring operations such as impairment of goodwill, gains (losses) on business disposals, loss on assets classified as held for sale, acquisition, divestiture and integration related costs, strategic initiatives costs, regulatory costs and other costs that are not related to recurring operations. 
 Net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA is the leverage ratio used in our credit agreement and defined as net debt divided by credit adjusted EBITDA. However, as credit adjusted EBITDA for these purposes was calculated in accordance with the provisions of the credit agreement, it may differ from the calculation used for adjusted operating EBITDA. 

Cautionary Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
 Statements in this Form 10-Q, which are not historical facts or information, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on management s current assumptions, estimates and expectations and include statements concerning (i) expected cash flow and availability of capital resources to fund our operations and meet our debt service requirements; (ii) our ability to execute on our strategic and financial transformation, including the progress and success of our portfolio optimization strategy (including the sale process for our Pharma Solutions disposal group), through non-core business divestitures and acquisitions, and expectations regarding the implementation of our refreshed growth-focused strategy and expectations around our business divestitures; (iii) our ability to continue to generate value for, and return cash to, our shareholders; (iv) expectations of the impact of inflationary pressures and the pricing actions to offset exposure to such impacts; (v) the impact of high input costs, including commodities, raw materials, transportation and energy; (vi) the expected impact of global supply chain challenges; (vii) our ability to enhance our innovation efforts, drive cost efficiencies and execute on specific consumer trends and demands; (viii) the growth potential of the markets in which we operate, including the emerging markets; (ix) expectations regarding sales and profit for the fiscal year 2024, including the impact of foreign exchange, pricing actions, raw materials, energy, and sourcing, logistics and manufacturing costs; (x) the impact of global economic uncertainty and recessionary pressures on demand for consumer products; (xi) the success of our integration efforts, following the N B Transaction, and ability to deliver on our synergy commitments as well as future opportunities for the combined company; (xii) our strategic investments in capacity and increasing inventory to drive improved profitability; (xiii) our ability to drive cost discipline measures and the ability to recover margin to pre-inflation levels; (xiv) expected capital expenditures in 2024; and (xv) the expected costs and benefits of our ongoing optimization of our manufacturing operations, including the expected number of closings. These forward-looking statements should be evaluated with consideration given to the many risks and uncertainties inherent in our business that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Certain of such forward-looking information may be identified by such terms as expect , anticipate , believe , intend , outlook , may , estimate , should , predict and similar terms or variations thereof. Such forward-looking statements are based on a series of expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about the Company, are not guarantees of future results or performance, and involve significant risks, uncertainties and other factors, including assumptions and projections, for all forward periods. Our actual results may differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, among others, the following: 
 our substantial amount of indebtedness and its impact on our liquidity, credit ratings and ability to return capital to its shareholders; 
 our ability to successfully execute the next phase of our strategic transformation; 
 our ability to declare and pay dividends which is subject to certain considerations; 
 the impact of the outcomes of legal claims, disputes, regulatory investigations and litigation; 
 inflationary trends, including in the price of our input costs, such as raw materials, transportation and energy; 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 supply chain disruptions, geopolitical developments, including the Russia-Ukraine war, the Israel-Hamas war and wider Middle East developments (including disruptions to the Red Sea passage) or climate-change related events (including severe weather events in the U.S. and abroad) that may affect our suppliers or procurement of raw materials; 
 our ability to attract and retain key employees, and manage turnover of top executives; 
 our ability to successfully market to our expanded and diverse customer base; 
 our ability to effectively compete in our market and develop and introduce new products that meet customers needs; 
 changes in demand from large multi-national customers due to increased competition and our ability to maintain core list status with customers; 
 our ability to successfully develop innovative and cost-effective products that allow customers to achieve their own profitability expectations; 
 disruption in the development, manufacture, distribution or sale of our products from international conflicts (such as the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war), geopolitical events, trade wars, natural disasters, public health crises (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), terrorist acts, labor strikes, political or economic crises (such as the uncertainty related to U.S. government funding negotiations), accidents and similar events; 
 the impact of a significant data breach or other disruption in our information technology systems, and our ability to comply with data protection laws in the U.S. and abroad; 
 our ability to benefit from our investments and expansion in emerging markets; 
 the impact of currency fluctuations or devaluations in the principal foreign markets in which we operate; 
 economic, regulatory and political risks associated with our international operations; 
 the impact of global economic uncertainty (including increased inflation) on demand for consumer products; 
 our ability to integrate the N B Business and realize anticipated synergies, among other benefits; 
 our ability to react in a timely and cost-effective manner to changes in consumer preferences and demands, including increased awareness of health and wellness; 
 our ability to meet increasing customer, consumer, shareholder and regulatory focus on sustainability; 
 our ability to successfully manage our working capital and inventory balances; 
 any impairment on our tangible or intangible long-lived assets; 
 our ability to enter into or close strategic transactions or divestments, or successfully establish and manage acquisitions, collaborations, joint ventures or partnerships; 
 changes in market conditions or governmental regulations relating to our pension and postretirement obligations; 
 the impact of the phase out of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR on our variable rate interest expense; 
 our ability to comply with, and the costs associated with compliance with, regulatory requirements and industry standards, including regarding product safety, quality, efficacy and environment impact; 
 defects, quality issues (including product recalls), inadequate disclosure or misuse with respect to the products and capabilities; 
 our ability to comply with, and the costs associated with compliance with, U.S. and foreign environmental protection laws; 
 the impact of our or our counterparties failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, similar U.S. or foreign anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations, applicable sanctions laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate or ethical business practices and related laws and regulations; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; 
 the impact of changes in federal, state, local and international tax legislation or policies and adverse results of tax audits, assessments, or disputes; 
 the impact of any tax liability resulting from the N B Transaction; and 
 our ability to comply with data protection laws in the U.S. and abroad. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The foregoing list of important factors does not include all such factors, nor necessarily present them in order of importance. In addition, you should consult other disclosures made by the Company (such as in our other filings with the SEC or in company press releases) for other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected by the Company. Please refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of the 2023 Form 10-K for additional information regarding factors that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 We intend our forward-looking statements to speak only as of the time of such statements and do not undertake or plan to update or revise them as more information becomes available or to reflect changes in expectations, assumptions or results. We can give no assurance that such expectations or forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. An occurrence of, or any material adverse change in, one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties referred to in this report or included in our other periodic reports filed with the SEC could materially and adversely impact our operations and our future financial results. 
 Any public statements or disclosures made by us following this report that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this report will be deemed to modify or supersede such outlook or other forward-looking statements in or accompanying this report. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 There are no material changes in market risk from the information provided in our 2023 Form 10-K, except for the cross currency swap agreements. 
 We use derivative instruments as part of our interest rate risk management strategy. We have entered into certain cross currency swap agreements in order to mitigate a portion of our net European investments from foreign currency risk. As of September 30, 2024, these swaps were in a liability position with an aggregate fair value of 164 million. Based on a hypothetical decrease or increase of 10 in the value of the U.S. dollar against the Euro, the estimated fair value of our cross currency swaps would change by approximately 154 million. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the assistance of other members of our management, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 We have established controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have also concluded that there have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 For information that updates the disclosures set forth under Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 28, 2024 with the SEC (the 2023 Form 10-K ), refer to Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 Refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our 2023 Form 10-K and the information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. There have been no material changes with respect to the risk factors disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. 
 None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) (a 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. 
 31.1 Certification of J. Erik Fyrwald pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Glenn Richter pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification of J. Erik Fyrwald and Glenn Richter pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extensions Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Dated: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ J. Erik Fyrwald J. Erik Fyrwald Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ Glenn Richter Glenn Richter Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Business Transformation Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Dated: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ Beril Yildiz Beril Yildiz Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 iff093024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, J. Erik Fyrwald, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 5, 2024 
 By s J. Erik Fyrwald Name J. Erik Fyrwald Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 iff093024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Glenn Richter, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated November 5, 2024 
 By s Glenn Richter Name Glenn Richter Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Business Transformation Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 iff093024exhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), J. Erik Fyrwald, as Chief Executive Officer, and Glenn Richter, as Chief Financial & Business Transformation Officer, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s J. Erik Fyrwald Name J. Erik Fyrwald 
 Title Chief Executive Officer Dated November 5, 2024 
 By s Glenn Richter Name Glenn Richter Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Business Transformation Officer Dated November 5, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 iff-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 iff-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 iff-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 iff-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 iff-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

