<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241216_10-Q_edgar_data_1414382_0001477932-24-008118.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1831668</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>44029</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>393217</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>434866</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>372163</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>545397</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-008118.hdr.sgml : 20241216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241216161908
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-008118
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Concrete Leveling Systems Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001414382
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISC INDUSTRIAL & COMMERCIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3590]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				280851977
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53048
		FILM NUMBER:		241552078

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5046 East Boulevard NW
		CITY:			Canton
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44718
		BUSINESS PHONE:		330-966-8120

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5046 East Boulevard NW
		CITY:			Canton
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44718

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-008118.txt : 20241216

10-Q
 1
 clev_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

clev_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT For the transition period from ______________ to ______________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered OTC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such fling requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. shares of common stock outstanding as of December 16, 2024. CONCRETE LEVELING SYSTEMS, INC. Index Page Part I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 3 Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2024 (unaudited) and July 31, 2024 (audited) 3 Statements of Operations for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 4 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 5 Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 6 Notes to Financial Statements (unaudited) 7 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 11 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 14 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 14 Part II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 16 Item 1A. Risk Factors 16 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 16 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 16 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 16 Item 5. Other Information 16 Item 6. Exhibits 17 SIGNATURES 18 2 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Concrete Leveling Systems, Inc. Balance Sheets October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024 October 31, 2024 July 31, 2024 (Unaudited) (Audited) Assets Current Assets Cash Inventory Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets Property, Plant and Equipment Equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation Total Property, Plant and Equipment, net Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued interest - stockholders Advances - stockholders Notes payable - stockholders Total Current Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 4) Stockholders Deficit Common stock (par value shares authorized: shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit See accompanying notes to unaudited financial statements. 3 Table of Contents Concrete Leveling Systems, Inc. Statements of Operations For the Three Months October 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 2024 2023 Equipment and parts sales Cost of sales Gross margin Operating expenses Legal and professional fees Selling, general and administration Total operating expenses Loss from Operations Other income (expense) Interest expense Total other expense Net loss before income taxes Provision for Income Taxes Net loss Net loss per share - basic and fully diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and fully diluted See accompanying notes to unaudited financial statements. 4 Table of Contents Concrete Leveling Systems, Inc. Statements of Stockholders Deficit For the Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) Common Stock Additional Total Issued Par Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Value Capital Deficit Deficit Balance July 31, 2024 Net loss - Balance October 31, 2024 Common Stock Additional Total Issued Par Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Value Capital Deficit Deficit Balance July 31, 2023 Net loss - Balance October 31, 2023 See accompanying notes to unaudited financial statements. 5 Table of Contents Concrete Leveling Systems, Inc. Statements of Cash Flows For the Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Inventory Prepaid expenses Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued interest - stockholders Net cash used in operating activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Advances from stockholders Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash Cash - beginning Cash - ending Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flows Information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes See accompanying notes to unaudited financial statements. 6 Table of Contents CONCRETE LEVELING SYSTEMS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) OCTOBER 31, 2024 shares of the Company s common stock, subject to a performance requirement, which provides that by March 1, 2018, if the management of Jericho does not identify at least one entity or business opportunity for acquisition, in order to supplement the Company s current business operations, the shares issued as part of the agreement shall be returned to the Company. In July 2017, an additional shares were issued to shareholders of Jericho under the same contingencies as the original shares. On February 25, 2018, Jericho identified the acquisition of interests in two LLCs (the LLCs ). The LLCs have a Term Sheet agreement to develop a casino and hotel resort, and provide certain gaming equipment on a shared profit basis (the Project ). The Project is in the process of regulatory review, finalization of closing documents, and completion of financing. Notwithstanding the identification of the business opportunity, the shares issued to Jericho remain contingent upon the regulatory review, the finalization of closing documentation, and the completion of financing arrangements for the project. Also, upon the regulatory review, the finalization of closing documentation, and the completion of financing arrangements for the project, the Company s President will cancel all shares of common stock held shares as of October 31, 2024), the Company s Chief Executive Officer will cancel all but shares of common stock held shares as of October 31, 2024), subject to an -month non-dilution right in order to maintain an ownership percentage of , and the Company s Secretary will cancel all but shares of common stock held shares as of October 31, 2024). Prior to the August 13, 2018 amendment to the agreement with Jericho, the Chief Executive Officer would cancel all but shares of her common stock, subject to an -month non-dilution right in order to maintain an ownership percentage of . The amendment provided that the Chief Executive Officer would retain an additional shares of common stock and the non-dilution right was eliminated. Principal Services Basis of Presentation 7 Table of Contents Cash and Cash Equivalents Advertising and Marketing for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. Inventory Use of Estimates Property, Plant, and Equipment Income taxes 8 Table of Contents , and total liabilities exceed total assets by . Success will be dependent upon management s ability to obtain future financing and liquidity, and success of its future operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. that may be available to reduce future years taxable income in . The Company s income tax returns are subject to examination by tax authorities. Generally, the statute of limitations related to the Company s federal and state income tax return is three years from the date of filing. The state impact of any federal changes of prior years remains subject to examination for a period of up to five years after formal notification to the states. Management has evaluated tax positions in accordance with FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes , and has not identified any significant tax positions, other than those disclosed. Income taxes on continuing operations include the following: - - - Deferred - - - - Total - - - - A reconciliation of the effective tax rate with the statutory U.S. income tax rate is as follows: - - - Loss for financial reporting purposes without tax expense or benefit Income taxes at statutory rate 9 Table of Contents Compensation and miscellaneous Deferred tax assets Valuation Allowance Net deferred tax assets: - - - - Tax periods ended July 31, 2021 through 2024 are subject to examination by major taxing authorities. to the Company at various times during the years ended July 31, 2010 through 2012. The loans carry interest rates from to and are due on demand. The balances on the loans are at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024. Effective July 31, 2013, further interest accrual was waived by the noteholders. Accrued interest is at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024. One of the Company s stockholders and a company owned by the stockholder advanced a total of to the Company at various times between November 2012 and December 2020. On December 31, 2020, of the balance of the advances was converted to a note payable to the stockholder. The note carries interest at a rate of and is payable on demand. Accrued interest is and at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively. The balances on the advances and note payable are and at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively. The advances carry no interest. Another stockholder of the Company paid invoices of the Company at various times between August 2018 and October 2024. The balances on these advances are and at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively. The advances carry no interest. These transactions are not necessarily indicative of what third parties would agree to. 10 Table of Contents ITEM 2 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS For purposes of this report, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references herein to "Concrete Leveling Systems", "CLEV", "the Company, "we", "us", and "our", refer to Concrete Leveling Systems, Inc., a Nevada corporation. Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on the beliefs and assumptions of management and information currently available to management. The use of words such as believes , expects , anticipates , intends , plans , estimates , should , likely or similar expressions, indicates a forward-looking statement. The identification in this report of factors that may affect our future performance and the accuracy of forward-looking statements is meant to be illustrative and by no means exhaustive. All forward-looking statements should be evaluated with the understanding of their inherent uncertainty. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: Trends affecting the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or future prospects; The Company s business and growth strategies; The Company s financing plans and forecasts; The factors that we expect to contribute to our success and the Company s ability to be successful in the future; The Company s business model and strategy for realizing positive results as sales increase; Competition, including the Company s ability to respond to such competition and its expectations regarding continued competition in the market in which the Company competes; Expenses; The Company s ability to meet its projected operating expenditures and the costs associated with development of new projects; The Company s ability to pay dividends or to pay any specific rate of dividends, if declared; The impact of new accounting pronouncements on its financial statements; That the Company s cash flows from operating activities will be sufficient to meet its projected operating expenditures for the next twelve months; The Company s market risk exposure and efforts to minimize risk; Development opportunities and its ability to successfully take advantage of such opportunities; Regulations, including anticipated taxes, tax credits or tax refunds expected; The outcome of various tax audits and assessments, including appeals thereof, timing of resolution of such audits, the Company s estimates as to the amount of taxes that will ultimately be owed and the impact of these audits on the Company s financial statements; The Company s overall outlook including all statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation; That estimates and assumptions made in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP may differ from actual results; and Expectations, plans, beliefs, hopes or intentions regarding the future. 11 Table of Contents The following discussion and analysis was prepared to supplement information contained in the accompanying financial statements and is intended to provide certain details regarding the Company s financial condition as of October 31, 2024, and the results of operations for the three months ended October 31, 2024. It should be read in conjunction with the unaudited financial statements and notes thereto contained in this report as well as the audited financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2025 and 2024. Overview Concrete Leveling Services, Inc. we , us , our or the Company was incorporated on August 28, 2007 in the State of Nevada. The Company s principal offices are located at 5046 East Boulevard Northwest, Canton, Ohio 44718. In Ohio, the Company does business under the trade name of CLS Fabricating, Inc. CLS has never declared bankruptcy, it has never been in receivership, and it has never been involved in any legal action or proceedings. On March 24, 2017, the Company entered into an agreement with Jericho Associates, Inc. Jericho ), a start-up company which plans to operate in the gaming, hospitality and entertainment industries. The Company issued Jericho 7,151,416 shares of the Company s common stock, subject to a performance requirement, which provides that by March 1, 2018, if the management of Jericho does not identify at least one entity or business opportunity for acquisition, in order to supplement the Company s current business operations, the shares issued as part of the agreement shall be returned to the Company. In July 2017, an additional 481,000 shares were issued to shareholders of Jericho under the same contingencies as the original shares. On February 25, 2018, Jericho identified the acquisition of 50 interests in two LLCs (the LLCs ). The LLCs have a Term Sheet agreement to develop a casino and hotel resort, and provide certain gaming equipment on a shared profit basis (the "Project"). The Project is in the process of regulatory review, finalization of closing documents, and completion of financing. Notwithstanding the identification of the business opportunity, the shares issued to Jericho remain contingent upon the regulatory review, the finalization of closing documentation, and the completion of financing arrangements for the project. Also, upon the regulatory review, the finalization of closing documentation, and the completion of financing arrangements for the project, the Company s President will cancel all shares of common stock held (879,167 shares as of October 31, 2024), the Company s Chief Executive Officer will cancel all but 550,000 shares of common stock held (2,951,667 shares as of October 31, 2024), subject to an 18-month non-dilution right in order to maintain an ownership percentage of 4.99 , and the Company s Secretary will cancel all but 45,000 shares of common stock held (185,000 shares as of October 31, 2024). Prior to the August 13, 2018 amendment to the agreement with Jericho, the Chief Executive Officer would cancel all but 523,000 shares of her common stock, subject to an 18-month non-dilution right in order to maintain an ownership percentage of 4.99 . The amendment provided that the Chief Executive Officer would retain an additional 27,000 shares of common stock and the non-dilution right was eliminated. Principal Services If a transaction with Jericho finalizes, the Company will operate two business divisions, which will be operated simultaneously and consist of the following: The concrete leveling division of the business will fabricate and market a concrete leveling service unit utilized in the concrete leveling industry. This unit secures to the back of a truck and consists of a mixing device to mix lime with water and a pumping device capable of pumping the mixture under pressure into pre-drilled holes in order to raise the level of any flat concrete surface. The gaming and hospitality division of the business will focus on casino gaming, hospitality, entertainment and leisure time industries, and will pursue opportunities in the tribal and commercial casino gaming industries, both in California and Nevada. The Company will also operate in the casino gaming technology industry, and is seeking opportunities to partner, joint venture, or acquire companies developing casino games that combine traditional casino games with the challenge of video games and the playability of social games, meaning games that pit the player s skill against the skill of another player as opposed to the casino itself. For the Three months Ended October 31, 2024 Compared to the Three months Ended October 31, 2023 The Company generated 183 in revenue for the three months ended October 31, 2024, which compares to revenue of 175 for the three months ended October 31, 2023. Our revenues increased during the three months ended October 31, 2024, due to higher parts sales. Cost of sales for the three months ended October 31, 2024 was 59, which compares to cost of sales of 59 for the three months ended October 31, 2023. Our costs of sales remained constant during the three months ended October 31, 2024. 12 Table of Contents Operating expenses, which consisted of selling, general, and administrative expenses, and legal and professional fees for the three months ended October 31, 2024, were 22,331. This compares with operating expenses for the three months ended October 31, 2023 of 23,699. Our operating expenses decreased during the three months ended October 31, 2024 primarily due to decreases in our professional fees resulting from lower legal fees. As a result of the foregoing, we had a net loss of 24,803 for the three months ended October 31, 2024. This compares with a net loss of 26,184 for the three months ended October 31, 2023. In its audited financial statements as of July 31, 2024, the Company was issued an opinion by its auditors that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern based on the Company s current financial position. Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow is dependent upon our ability to successfully develop and market our products and our ability to generate revenues. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of October 31, 2024, we had cash of 761. As of July 31, 2024, we had cash of 887. We believe that with our existing cash flows, we do not have sufficient cash to meet our operating requirements for the next twelve months. We believe that with the addition of our gaming and hospitality business, we will begin to generate increased revenue over the 2025 fiscal year. However, if our revenue is not sufficient to allow us to meet our cash requirements during the next twelve months, the Company may need to raise additional funds through the sale of debt or equity securities. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in generating sufficient revenues or other funds in the future to cover these operating costs. Failure to generate sufficient revenues or additional financing when needed could cause us to go out of business. Net cash used in operating activities for the three months ended October 31, 2024 was 21,620. This compares to net cash used in operating activities of 20,009 for the three months ended October 31, 2023. We experienced lower net operating loss during the three months ended October 31, 2024. Cash flows provided by financing activities were 21,494 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 which compares to cash flows provided by financing activities of 20,075 for the three months ended October 31, 2023. The change in cash flows provided by financing activities is due to more advances from stockholders during the three months ended October 31, 2024. We anticipate significant increases in cash flows provided by financing activities during the next 12 months, as we intend to raise capital through either debt or equity securities to fund our business. As of October 31, 2024, our total assets were 17,578 and our total liabilities were 602,640. As of July 31, 2024, our total assets were 18,666 and our total liabilities were 578,925. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates We believe that the following critical policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in preparation of our financial statements. We disclose those accounting policies that we consider to be significant in determining the amounts to be utilized for communicating our financial position, results of operations and cash flows in the first note to our financial statements included elsewhere herein. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with these principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results are likely to differ from these estimates, but management does not believe such differences will materially affect our financial position or results of operations. We believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical because they have the greatest impact on the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations. 13 Table of Contents Use of Estimates The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Going Concern The Company was formed on August 28, 2007 and was in the development stage through July 31, 2009. The year ended July 31, 2010 was the first year during which it was considered an operating company. The Company has sustained substantial operating losses since its inception. In addition, the Company has used substantial amounts of working capital in its operations. Further, at October 31, 2024, our liabilities exceed our assets by 585,062. Success will be dependent upon management s ability to obtain future financing and liquidity, and success of its future operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on its financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. Foreign Currency Transactions None. ITEM 3 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information. ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures , as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e), promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated our company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company s financial reporting. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have conducted an assessment, including testing, using the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") (2013). Our system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. This assessment included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of October 31, 2024. The ineffectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses, which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: 14 Table of Contents (i) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (ii) lack of a code of ethics; (iii) lack of a whistleblower policy; (iv) lack of an independent board of directors or board committees related to financial reporting; and (v) lack of multiple levels of supervision and review. We believe that the weaknesses identified above have not had any material effect on our financial results. While not being legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is our management s view that such a committee, including an independent financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control over the Company s financial statements. Currently, the board of directors acts in the capacity of the audit committee. However, we are currently reviewing our disclosure controls and procedures related to these material weaknesses and expect to implement changes in the 2025 fiscal year, including identifying specific areas within our governance, accounting and financial reporting processes to add adequate resources to potentially mitigate these material weaknesses. Our management will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Management s Remediation Plan The weaknesses and their related risks are not uncommon in a company of our size because of the limitations in the size and number of staff. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties has not always been possible and may not be economically feasible. However, we plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we plan to implement the following changes in the current fiscal year as resources allow: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and implement modifications to our financial controls to address such inadequacies; (ii) adopt a written whistleblower policy and code of ethics; and (iii) appoint an independent board of directors, including board committees related to financial controls and reporting. The remediation efforts set out herein will be implemented in the 2025 fiscal year. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Management believes that despite our material weaknesses set forth above, our financial statements for the three month period ended October 31, 2024 are fairly stated, in all material respects, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the three month period ended October 31, 2024. 15 Table of Contents PART II OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS To the best of the Company s knowledge and belief, no legal proceedings are currently pending or threatened. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We are not required to provide this information as we are a Smaller Reporting Company. ITEM 2 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during this quarter. ITEM 3 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES There are no defaults upon any senior securities. ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5 OTHER INFORMATION None. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 31.1 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Edward A. Barth. 31.2 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Suzanne I. Barth. 32 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Edward A. Barth. and Suzanne I. Barth. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase _______ Furnished herewith. XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 17 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. CONCRETE LEVELING SYSTEMS, INC. Date: December 16, 2024 By: /s/ Edward A. Barth Edward A. Barth Principal Executive Officer Date: December 16, 2024 By: /s/ Suzanne I. Barth Suzanne I. Barth Principal Financial Officer 18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 clev_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 clev_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) - CERTIFICATION I, Edward A. Barth, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Concrete Leveling Systems, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The small business issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 16, 2024 By: /s/ Edward A. Barth Edward A. Barth Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 clev_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 clev_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) - CERTIFICATION I, Suzanne I. Barth, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Concrete Leveling Systems, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The small business issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 16, 2024 By: /s/ Suzanne I. Barth Suzanne I. Barth Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 clev_ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 clev_ex32.htm EXHIBIT 32 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Concrete Leveling System, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending October 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report). I, Edward A. Barth, Principal Executive Officer of the company, and I, Suzanne I. Barth, Principal Financial Officer of the company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief. (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: December 16, 2024 By: /s/ Edward A. Barth Edward A. Barth Principal Executive Officer By: /s/ Suzanne I. Barth Suzanne I. Barth Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 clev-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 clev-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 clev-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 clev-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

