<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241008_10-Q_edgar_data_1553079_0001553079-24-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11027972</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>131877</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1677402</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4292852</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2563591</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2137753</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001553079-24-000012.hdr.sgml : 20241008
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241008081641
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001553079-24-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241008
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241008

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Empire State Realty OP, L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001553079
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				454685158
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36106
		FILM NUMBER:		241359237

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 WEST 33RD STREET, 12TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-850-2600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 WEST 33RD STREET, 12TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001553079-24-000012.txt : 20241008

10-Q
 1
 esrt-20240630.htm
 10-Q

esrt-20240630 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 3, 2024, there were units of the Registrant Series ES operating partnership units outstanding, units of the Series 60 operating partnership units outstanding, and units of the Series 250 operating partnership units outstanding. 

EMPIRE STATE REALTY OP, L.P. FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Capital for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 9 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 30 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 41 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 41 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 42 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 42 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 42 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 43 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 43 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 43 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 43 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 44 
 SIGNATURES 45 

1 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (amounts in thousands, except per unit amounts) June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS (unaudited) Commercial real estate properties, at cost: Land Development costs Building and improvements Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Commercial real estate properties, net Contract asset Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Tenant and other receivables Deferred rent receivables Prepaid expenses and other assets Deferred costs, net Acquired below-market ground leases, net Right of use assets Goodwill Total assets LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL Liabilities: Mortgage notes payable, net Senior unsecured notes, net Unsecured term loan facilities, net Unsecured revolving credit facility Debt associated with property in receivership Accrued interest associated with property in receivership Accounts payable and accrued expenses Acquired below-market leases, net Ground lease liabilities Deferred revenue and other liabilities Tenants security deposits Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies liquidation preference, issued and outstanding in 2024 and 2023 
 Private perpetual preferred units, liquidation preference, issued and outstanding in 2024 and 2023 
 Series PR operating partnership units: ESRT partner's capital and general partner operating partnership units and and limited partner operating partnership units outstanding in 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Limited partners' interests and limited partner operating partnership units outstanding in 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Series ES operating partnership units and limited partner operating partnership units outstanding in 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Series 60 operating partnership units and limited partner operating partnership units outstanding in 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Series 250 operating partnership units and limited partner operating partnership units outstanding in 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Total Empire State Realty OP, L.P.'s capital Non-controlling interest in other partnerships Total capital Total liabilities and capital 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 2 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (unaudited) 
 (amounts in thousands, except per unit amounts) 
 Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Rental revenue Observatory revenue Third-party management and other fees Other revenue and fees Total revenues Operating expenses: Property operating expenses Ground rent expenses General and administrative expenses Observatory expenses Real estate taxes Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Total operating income 
 Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest expense associated with property in receivership ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Gain on disposition of property Income before income taxes Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Net income Private perpetual preferred unit distributions ) ) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests in other partnerships ) ) Net income attributable to common unitholders Total weighted average units: Basic Diluted Earnings per unit attributable to common unitholders: Basic Diluted Dividends per unit 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 
 3 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (unaudited) 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain on valuation of interest rate swap agreements Amount reclassified into interest expense ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests in other partnerships ) ) Other comprehensive (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interest in other partnerships ) Comprehensive income attributable to OP unitholders 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 
 4 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Capital 
 For The Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (unaudited) 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 Series PR Operating Partnership Units Series ES Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners Series 60 Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners Series 250 Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners General Partner Limited Partners Private Perpetual Preferred Units Private Perpetual Preferred Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Non-controlling Interest in Other Partnerships Total Capital Balance at March 31, 2024 Conversion of operating partnership units to ESRT Partner's Capital ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Repurchases of common shares Equity compensation ) Distributions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Balance at June 30, 2024 
 
 Series PR Operating Partnership Units Series ES Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners Series 60 Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners Series 250 Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners General Partner Limited Partners Private Perpetual Preferred Units Private Perpetual Preferred Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Non-controlling Interest in Other Partnerships Total Capital Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Conversion of operating partnership units to ESRT Partner's Capital ) ) ) ) ) ) Repurchases of common shares ) ) ) Contributions from consolidated joint ventures Equity compensation ) Distributions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Balance at June 30, 2023 

5 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Capital 
 For The Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (unaudited) 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 Series PR Operating Partnership Units Series ES Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners Series 60 Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners Series 250 Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners General Partner Limited Partners Private Perpetual Preferred Units Private Perpetual Preferred Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Non-controlling Interest in Other Partnerships Total Capital Balance at December 31, 2023 Conversion of operating partnership units to ESRT Partner's Capital ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Repurchases of common units Acquisition of non-controlling interests in other partnerships ) ) Equity compensation Distributions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Balance at June 30, 2024 
 
 Series PR Operating Partnership Units Series ES Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners Series 60 Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners Series 250 Operating Partnership Units Limited Partners General Partner Limited Partners Private Perpetual Preferred Units Private Perpetual Preferred Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Unitholders Non-controlling Interest in Other Partnerships Total Capital Balance at December 31, 2022 Conversion of operating partnership units to ESRT Partner's Capital ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Contributions from consolidated joint ventures Repurchases of common units ) ) ) Equity compensation Distributions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income ) Balance at June 30, 2023 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 6 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (unaudited) 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows From Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Gain on disposition of property ) ) Amortization of non-cash items within interest expense Amortization of acquired above- and below-market leases, net ) ) Amortization of acquired below-market ground leases Straight-lining of rental revenue ) ) Equity based compensation Loss on early extinguishment of debt Increase (decrease) in cash flows due to changes in operating assets and liabilities: Security deposits ) Tenant and other receivables ) Deferred leasing costs ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Deferred revenue and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities Acquisition of non-controlling interests in other partnerships ) Reduction of cash from derecognition of assets ) Net proceeds from disposition of property Post-closing costs from a prior period sale of property ) Development costs ) Additions to building and improvements ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

7 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (unaudited) 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 
 Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows From Financing Activities Repayment of mortgage notes payable ) ) Proceeds from unsecured senior notes Proceeds from unsecured term loan Repayment of unsecured term loan ) Proceeds from unsecured revolving credit facility Deferred financing costs ) Contributions from consolidated joint ventures Repurchases of common units ) Distributions ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period Reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash: Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Restricted cash at end of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Building and improvements included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Write-off of fully depreciated assets Derivative instruments at fair values included in prepaid expenses and other assets Contract asset Debt associated with property in receivership Accrued interest associated with property in receivership Conversion of operating partnership units to ESRT partner's capital 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 8 

Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (unaudited) 
 1. 
 million rentable square feet of office space, million rentable square feet of retail space and residential units. Our office portfolio included properties (including long-term ground leasehold interests). of these office properties are located in midtown Manhattan and encompass approximately million rentable square feet of office space and million rentable square feet of retail space, including the Empire State Building. The remaining office property encompasses approximately million rentable square feet and is located in Stamford, Connecticut, with immediate access to mass transportation. Additionally, we have entitled land adjacent to the Stamford office property that can support the development of either office or residential per local zoning. Our multifamily portfolio included residential units in New York City. 
 We were organized as a Delaware limited partnership on November 28, 2011, and commenced operations upon completion of the initial public offering of ESRT s Class A common stock and related formation transactions on October 7, 2013 (the "IPO"). ESRT's Class A common stock, par value per share, is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ESRT." ESRT, as the sole general partner in our Company, has responsibility and discretion in the management and control of our Company, and our limited partners, in such capacity, have no authority to transact business for, or participate in the management activities, of our Company. As of June 30, 2024, ESRT owned approximately of our operating partnership units. 
 
 2. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, approximately of our annual Observatory revenue was realized in the first quarter, was realized in the second quarter, was realized in the third quarter, and was realized in the fourth quarter. Our multifamily business experiences some seasonality based on general market trends in New York City the winter months (November through January) are slower in terms of lease activity. We seek to mitigate this by staggering lease terms such that 
 9 

Accounting Estimates 
 
 3. 
 million. The purchase price is the fair value at the date of acquisition. 
 ) Includes total capitalized transaction costs of million. 
 
 In March 2024, we executed a buyout of our partner's interest in of our multifamily properties located at 561 10 th Avenue and 345 East 94 th Street in Manhattan for million in cash and the assumption of million of in-place 
 10 

of the interests in these assets. As there was no change in control, we accounted for this acquisition as an equity transaction in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 810-10 and no gain or loss was recognized. 
 Subsequent to quarter-end, in July 2024, we entered into purchase agreements, each relating to the acquisition of separate prime retail portfolios located on North 6 th Street in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York for million and million, respectively. These acquisitions are subject to customary closing conditions and are anticipated to close in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Property Dispositions 
 500 Mamaroneck Avenue, Harrison, New York 4/5/2023 69-97 and 103-107 Main Street, Westport, Connecticut 2/1/2023 The gain is net of approximately million of post-closing costs we accrued related to our commitment to reimburse the buyer for a lease that did not occur. We funded the buyer for these costs and we have no further obligations or contingencies related to this property. 
 
 In April 2024, we worked with the First Stamford Place mortgage lender to structure a consensual foreclosure. On May 22, 2024, a receiver was appointed and we ended our management of the property. In connection with this, we removed the related assets and liabilities from our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2024 and recognized a gain of million that is reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024. We also recorded a contract asset of million and the related debt associated with property under receivership and accrued interest associated with property under receivership of million and million, respectively, are included in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2024. This contract asset represents our right to debt extinguishment once the foreclosure process on the First Stamford Place property is completed. 
 
 4. 
 Acquired in-place lease value and deferred leasing costs Acquired above-market leases Total deferred costs, excluding net deferred financing costs Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Total deferred costs, net, excluding net deferred financing costs 
 At June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million, respectively, of net deferred financing costs associated with the unsecured revolving credit facility was included in deferred costs, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Amortization expense related to deferred leasing costs and acquired deferred leasing costs was million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively. Amortization expense related to acquired lease intangibles was million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively. 
 11 

Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Acquired below-market ground leases, net 
 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Acquired below-market leases ) ) Less: accumulated amortization Acquired below-market leases, net ) ) 
 Rental revenue related to the amortization of below-market leases, net of above-market leases, was million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively. 
 As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had goodwill of million. Goodwill was allocated million to the Observatory reportable segment and million to the real estate reportable segment. 
 We performed our annual goodwill testing in October 2023, where we bypassed the optional qualitative goodwill impairment assessment and proceeded directly to a quantitative assessment of the Observatory reportable segment and engaged a third-party valuation consulting firm to perform the valuation process. The quantitative analysis used a combination of the discounted cash flow method (a form of the income approach) utilizing Level 3 unobservable inputs and the guideline company method (a form of the market approach). Significant assumptions under the former included revenue and cost projections, weighted average cost of capital, long-term growth rate and income tax considerations while the latter included guideline company enterprise values, revenue multiples, EBITDA multiples and control premium rates. Our methodology to review goodwill impairment, which included a significant amount of judgment and estimates, provided a reasonable basis to determine whether impairment had occurred. The quantitative analysis performed concluded the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value. We also perform quarterly qualitative assessments and have not identified any events which would indicate, on a more likely than not basis, that the goodwill allocated to the reporting unit was impaired. Many of the factors employed in determining whether or not goodwill is impaired are outside of our control, and it is reasonably likely that assumptions and estimates will change in future periods. We will continue to assess the impairment of the Observatory reporting unit goodwill going forward. 
 
 5. 
 11/5/2024 10 Union Square 4/1/2026 1542 Third Avenue 5/1/2027 First Stamford Place (4) 
 1010 Third Avenue and 77 West 55th Street 1/5/2028 250 West 57th Street 12/1/2030 1333 Broadway 2/5/2033 345 East 94th Street - Series A of SOFR plus 
 11/1/2030 345 East 94th Street - Series B SOFR plus 
 11/1/2030 561 10th Avenue - Series A of SOFR plus 
 11/1/2033 561 10th Avenue - Series B SOFR plus 
 11/1/2033 
 12 

Senior unsecured notes: (5) 
 Series A 3/27/2025 Series B 3/27/2027 Series C 3/27/2030 Series D 1/22/2028 Series E 3/22/2030 Series F 3/22/2033 Series G 3/17/2032 Series H 3/17/2035 Series I 6/17/2029 Series J 6/17/2031 Series K 6/17/2034 Unsecured term loan facility (5) 
 SOFR plus 
 12/31/2026 Unsecured term loan facility (5) 
 SOFR plus 
 3/8/2029 Unsecured revolving credit facility (5) 
 SOFR plus 
 3/8/2029 Total principal Deferred financing costs, net ) ) Unamortized debt discount ) ) Total 
 ______________ 
 (1) The effective rate is the yield as of June 30, 2024 and includes the stated interest rate, deferred financing cost amortization and interest associated with variable to fixed interest rate swap agreements. 
 (2) Pre-payment is generally allowed for each loan upon payment of a customary pre-payment penalty. 
 (3) In July 2024, this loan was refinanced and commencing in November 2024 the new principal balance of million will be interest only at the same interest rate of , with a maturity of November 2029, inclusive of a one-year extension option. 
 (4) In April 2024, we worked with the First Stamford P lace mortgage lender to structure a consensual foreclosure. In May 2024, the First Stamford Place property was placed in receivership and accordingly, we reclassified the related debt to be included in debt associated with property under receivership in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2024, consisting of a million mortgage loan bearing interest at and a million loan bearing interest at . See also Note 3 Acquisitions and Dispositions. 
 (5) At June 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all debt covenants. 
 Principal Payments 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 13 

Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Total deferred financing costs, net 
 Amortization expense related to deferred financing costs was million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Unsecured Revolving Credit and Term Loan Facilities 
 On March 8, 2024, through our Operating Partnership, we entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and the other lenders party thereto, that amends and restates the amended and restated credit agreement, dated August 29, 2017 which governs our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and term loan facility (collectively, the BofA Credit Facilities ). The BofA Credit Facilities are comprised of a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and a million term loan facility (the BofA Term Loan Facility ). We may request that the BofA Credit Facilities be increased through one or more increases in the Revolving Credit Facility or one or more increases in the BofA Term Loan Facility or the addition of new pari passu term loan tranches, for a maximum aggregate principal amount under the second amended and restated credit agreement not to exceed billion. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility matures on March 8, 2029, inclusive of extension periods and replaced the existing revolving credit facility that was due to mature in March 2025. The BofA Term Loan Facility matures on March 8, 2029, inclusive of extension periods and replaced the existing term loan facility that was due to mature in March 2025. Initial interest rates on the BofA Credit Facilities, which may change based on our leverage levels, are SOFR plus a benchmark adjustment of basis points ("adjusted SOFR") plus basis points for any drawn portion of the Revolving Credit Facility and adjusted SOFR plus basis points for the BofA Term Loan Facility. In addition, the BofA Credit Facilities have a sustainability-linked pricing mechanism that reduces the borrowing spread if certain benchmarks are achieved each year. As of June 30, 2024 , we had million borrowings drawn on the Revolving Credit Facility and million under the BofA Term Loan Facility. 
 On March 13, 2024, through our Operating Partnership, we entered into a third amendment to our credit agreement dated March 19, 2020 with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto, which governs a senior unsecured term loan facility (the Wells Term Loan Facility ). The Wells Term Loan Facility is in the original principal amount of million and matures on December 31, 2026. The third amendment provides for, among other things, certain conforming changes to the BofA Credit Facilities agreement, including increases to the capitalization rate for certain of our properties. No other changes were made to the amount of the commitments, the maturity date of the outstanding loans or the covenants. We may request the Wells Term Loan Facility be increased through one or more increases or the addition of new pari passu term loan tranches, for a maximum aggregate principal amount not to exceed million. As of June 30, 2024 , our borrowings amounted to million under the Wells Term Loan Facility. 
 The terms of both the BofA Credit Facilities and the Wells Term Loan Facility include customary covenants, including limitations on liens, investment, distributions, debt, fundamental changes, and transactions with affiliates and require certain customary financial reports. Both facilities also require compliance with financial ratios including a maximum leverage ratio, a maximum secured leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, a minimum unencumbered interest coverage ratio, and a maximum unsecured leverage ratio. The agreements governing both facilities also contain customary events of default (subject in certain cases to specified cure periods), including but not limited to non-payment, breach of covenants, representations or warranties, cross defaults, bankruptcy or other insolvency events, judgments, ERISA events, invalidity of loan documents, loss of REIT qualification, and occurrence of a change of control. As of June 30, 2024, we were in compliance with these covenants. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 14 

million principal amount of notes, consisting of (a) million aggregate principal amount of Series I Green Guaranteed Senior Notes due June 17, 2029, (b) million aggregate principal amount of Series J Green Guaranteed Senior Notes due June 17, 2031 and (c) million aggregate principal amount of Series K Green Guaranteed Senior Notes due June 17, 2034. The sale of the Series I-K notes closed on June 17, 2024. The issue price for the notes was of the aggregate principal amount thereof. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, we may prepay all or a portion of the notes upon notice to the holders at a price equal to of the principal amount plus a make-whole premium as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 
 The terms of our senior unsecured notes, including the Series I-K notes, include customary covenants, including limitations on liens, investment, distributions, debt, fundamental changes, and transactions with affiliates and require certain customary financial reports. The terms also require compliance with financial ratios including a maximum leverage ratio, a maximum secured leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, a minimum unencumbered interest coverage ratio, and a maximum unsecured leverage ratio. The agreements also contain customary events of default (subject in certain cases to specified cure periods), including but not limited to non-payment, breach of covenants, representations or warranties, cross defaults, bankruptcy or other insolvency events, judgments, ERISA events, the occurrence of certain change of control transactions and loss of REIT qualification. As of June 30, 2024, we were in compliance with these covenants. 
 
 6. 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses Interest rate swap agreements liability Accrued interest payable Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 7. 
 have derivatives in a net liability position. 
 As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had interest rate swaps and caps with an aggregate notional value of million and million, respectively. The notional value does not represent exposure to credit, interest rate or market risks. As of June 30, 2024, the fair value of our derivative instruments in an asset position amounted to million, which is included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of our derivative instruments amounted to million which is included in prepaid expenses and other assets, and million) which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. These interest rate swaps have been designated as cash flow hedges and hedge the variability in future cash flows associated with our existing variable-rate term loan facilities. Interest rate caps not designated as hedges are not speculative and are used to manage our exposure to interest rate movements, but do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements. 
 As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, our cash flow hedges are deemed highly effective and a net unrealized gain (loss) of million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, and a net unrealized gain of 
 15 

million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively, relating to both active and terminated hedges of interest rate risk, are reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the debt. We estimate that million net gain of the current balance held in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) will be reclassified into interest expense within the next 12 months. 
 of 1 Month SOFR 
 December 1, 2021 November 1, 2030 Interest rate swap of 1 Month SOFR 
 December 1, 2021 November 1, 2033 ) Interest rate swap of 1 Month SOFR 
 December 1, 2021 November 1, 2033 Interest rate swap 1 Month SOFR December 1, 2021 November 1, 2030 Interest rate cap of 1 Month SOFR 
 December 1, 2021 October 1, 2024 Interest rate cap 1 Month SOFR December 1, 2021 October 1, 2024 Interest rate swap SOFR Compound August 31, 2022 December 31, 2026 Interest rate swap SOFR Compound August 19, 2022 March 19, 2025 Interest rate swap SOFR OIS Compound August 19, 2022 March 19, 2025 Interest rate cap of 1 Month SOFR 
 October 1, 2024 November 1, 2030 Interest rate cap 1 Month SOFR October 1, 2024 November 1, 2030 ) 
 Amount of loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense 
 The table below shows the effect of our derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 (amounts in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended Effects of Cash Flow Hedges June 30, 2024 June 30, 2023 June 30, 2024 June 30, 2023 Total interest expense presented in the condensed consolidated statements of operations in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded ) ) ) ) Amount of loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense 
 Fair Valuation 
 16 

Mortgage notes payable Senior unsecured notes - Series A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, and K Unsecured term loan facilities Unsecured revolving credit facility 
 December 31, 2023 Estimated Fair Value Carrying Value Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Interest rate swaps and caps included in prepaid expenses and other assets Interest rate swaps included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Mortgage notes payable Senior unsecured notes - Series A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H Unsecured term loan facilities 
 The fair value of debt associated with property in receivership, which has a carrying value of million as of June 30, 2024, and categorized as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, was million as of June 30, 2024. 
 Disclosure about the fair value of financial instruments is based on pertinent information available to us as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Although we are not aware of any factors that would significantly affect the reasonable fair value amounts, such amounts have not been comprehensively revalued for purposes of these financial statements since that date and current estimates of fair value may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. 
 
 8. 
 17 

years. Certain leases have renewal options for additional terms. The leases provide for base monthly rentals and reimbursements for real estate taxes, escalations linked to the consumer price index or common area maintenance known as operating expense escalation. Operating expense reimbursements are reflected in our June 30, 2024 and 2023 condensed consolidated statements of operations as rental revenue. 
 Rental revenue includes fixed and variable payments. Fixed payments primarily relate to base rent and variable payments primarily relate to tenant expense reimbursements for certain property operating costs. 
 Variable payments Total rental revenue 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 The above future minimum lease payments exclude tenant recoveries and the net accretion of above-market leases and below-market lease intangibles. Some leases are subject to termination options generally upon payment of a termination fee. The preceding table is prepared assuming such options are not exercised. 
 Lessee 
 We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Our operating lease agreements relate to ground lease assets and are reflected in right-of-use assets of million and lease liabilities of million in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 2024. Right-of-use assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Variable lease payments are excluded from the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and are recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. 
 The ground leases are due to expire between the years 2050 and 2077, inclusive of extension options, and have no variable payments or residual value guarantees. As our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we determined our incremental borrowing rate based on information available at the date of adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), in determining the present value of lease payments. The weighted average incremental borrowing rate used to calculate the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities as of June 30, 2024 was . Rent expense for lease payments related to our operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the non-cancellable term of the leases. The weighted average remaining lease term as of June 30, 2024 was years. 
 2025 
 18 

2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Present value discount ) Ground lease liabilities 
 
 9. 
 former investors (the "Claimants") in Empire State Building Associates L.L.C. ESBA ), which, prior to the IPO, owned the fee title to the Empire State Building, filed an arbitration with the American Arbitration Association against Peter L. Malkin, Anthony E. Malkin, Thomas N. Keltner, Jr., and our subsidiary ESRT MH Holdings LLC, the former supervisor of ESBA, (the "Respondent s "). The statement of claim (also filed later in federal court in New York for the expressed purpose of tolling the statute of limitations) alleged breach of fiduciary duty and related claims in connection with the IPO and formation transactions and sought monetary damages and declaratory relief. Claimants had opted out of a prior class action bringing similar claims that were settled with court approval. Respondents filed an answer and counterclaims. In March 2015, the federal court action was stayed on consent of all parties pending the arbitration. Arbitration hearings started in May 2016 and concluded in August 2018. On August 26, 2020, the arbitration panel issued an award that denied all Claimants claims with one exception, on which it awarded the Claimants approximately million, inclusive of of interest through October 2, 2020. This amount was recorded as an IPO litigation expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Respondents believe that such award in favor of the Claimants is entirely without merit and sought to vacate that portion of the award. On July 31, 2023, the New York State court denied the Respondents petition to vacate in part and confirmed the award. On January 22, 2024, that court entered judgment in favor of the Claimants (save for one Claimant, whose petition to confirm is still pending in New York state court) in an amount of approximately million, inclusive of interest. The Respondents believe those rulings are incorrect and have appealed them. In addition, certain of the Claimants in the federal court action brought to toll the statute of limitations and sought to pursue claims in that case against the Respondents. Respondents believe that any such claims are meritless. The magistrate judge assigned to the action has issued a Report and Recommendation rejecting the Claimants claims; the district judge will decide whether to adopt the Report and Recommendation. 
 Pursuant to indemnification agreements which were made with our directors, executive officers and chairman emeritus as part of our formation transactions, Anthony E. Malkin, Peter L. Malkin and Thomas N. Keltner, Jr. have defense and indemnity rights from us with respect to this arbitration. 
 Unfunded Capital Expenditures 
 At June 30, 2024, we estimate that we will incur approximately million of capital expenditures (including tenant improvements and leasing commissions) on our properties pursuant to existing lease agreements. We expect to fund these capital expenditures with operating cash flow, cash on hand and other borrowings. Future property acquisitions may require substantial capital investments for refurbishment and leasing costs. We expect that these financing requirements will be met in a similar fashion. 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments that subject us to credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investments, tenant and other receivables and deferred rent receivables. At June 30, 2024, we held on deposit at various 
 19 

20 

10. 
 shares of Class A common stock, shares of Class B common stock and operating partnership units outstanding. The controlling interest of is owned by ESRT. The other non-controlling interest in the OP is diversified among various limited partners, some of whom include Company directors, senior management and employees. ESRT has classes of common stock as a means to give its OP Unit holders voting rights in the public company that correspond to their economic interest in the combined entity. A one-time option was created at our formation transactions for any pre-IPO OP Unit holder to exchange one OP Unit out of every 50 OP Units they owned for one ESRT Class B share, and such ESRT Class B share carries votes per share. 
 Stock and Publicly Traded Operating Partnership Unit Repurchase Program 
 21 

million of ESRT Class A common stock and our Series ES, Series 250 and Series 60 operating partnership units from January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2025. Under the program, ESRT may purchase ESRT Class A common stock and we may purchase our Series ES, Series 250 and Series 60 operating partnership units in accordance with applicable securities laws from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by ESRT and us at our discretion and will be subject to stock price, availability, trading volume, general market conditions, and applicable securities laws. The authorization does not obligate ESRT or us to acquire any particular amount of securities, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at ESRT's and our discretion without prior notice. As of June 30, 2024, we had million remaining of the authorized repurchase amount. There were repurchases of equity securities during the three and six months ended June 30, 2024. 
 Private Perpetual Preferred Units 
 As of June 30, 2024, there were Series 2019 Preferred Units ("Series 2019 Preferred Units") and Series 2014 Private Perpetual Preferred Units ("Series 2014 Preferred Units") outstanding. The Series 2019 Preferred Units have a liquidation preference of per unit and are entitled to receive cumulative preferential annual cash distributions of per unit payable in arrears on a quarterly basis. The Series 2014 Preferred Units which have a liquidation preference of per unit and are entitled to receive cumulative preferential annual cash distributions of per unit payable in arrears on a quarterly basis. Both series are not redeemable at the option of the holders and are redeemable at our option only in the case of specific defined events. 
 Distributions 
 Total distributions paid to OP unitholders were million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively. Total distributions paid to preferred unitholders were million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Incentive and Share-Based Compensation 
 On May 9, 2024, the Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2024 Plan was approved by our shareholders. The 2024 Plan provides for grants to directors, employees and consultants of ESRT and the Operating Partnership, including options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance awards, dividend equivalents and other equity-based awards, and replaced the First Amended and Restated Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan ("2019 Plan", and collectively with the 2024 Plan, the "Plans"). The shares of ESRT Class A common stock underlying any awards under the Plans that are forfeited, canceled or otherwise terminated, other than by exercise, will be added back to the shares of ESRT Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2024 Plan. Shares tendered or held back upon exercise of a stock option or settlement of an award under the Plans to cover the exercise price or tax withholding and shares subject to a stock appreciation right that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the stock appreciation right upon exercise thereof, will not be added back to the shares of ESRT Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2024 Plan. In addition, shares of ESRT Class A common stock repurchased on the open market will not be added back to the shares of ESRT Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2024 Plan. 
 An aggregate of million shares of ESRT common stock was authorized for issuance under awards granted pursuant to the 2024 Plan, and as of June 30, 2024 , million shares of common stock remain available for future issuance. 
 Long-term incentive plan ("LTIP") units are a special class of partnership interests. Each LTIP unit awarded will be deemed equivalent to an award of share of ESRT stock under the Plans, reducing the availability for other equity awards on a -for-one basis. The vesting period for LTIP units, if any, will be determined at the time of issuance. Under the terms of the LTIP units, we will revalue for tax purposes its assets upon the occurrence of certain specified events, and any increase in valuation from the time of one such event to the next such event will be allocated first to the holders of LTIP units to equalize the capital accounts of such holders with the capital accounts of unitholders. Subject to any agreed upon exceptions, once vested and having achieved parity with unitholders, LTIP units are convertible into Series PR operating partnership units on a -for-one basis. 
 LTIP units subject to time-based vesting, whether vested or not, receive the same per unit distributions as operating partnership units, which equal per share dividends (both regular and special) on our common stock. Market and performance- 
 22 

of such distributions currently, unless and until such LTIP units are earned based on performance, at which time they will receive the accrued and unpaid and will commence receiving of such distributions thereafter. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, we made grants of LTIP units to an employee that are subject to performance-based vesting with a fair market value of million and LTIP units to our non-employee directors that are subject to time-based vesting with fair market values of million. 
 Share-based compensation for time-based equity awards is measured at the fair value of the award on the date of grant and recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the shorter of (i) the stated vesting period, which is generally three , four or , or (ii) the period from the date of grant to the date the employee becomes retirement eligible, which may occur upon grant. An employee is retirement eligible when the employee attains the (i) age of for awards granted in 2020 and after and age of for awards granted before 2020 and (ii) the date on which the employee has first completed the requisite years of continuous service with us or our affiliates. Share-based compensation for market-based equity awards and performance-based equity awards is measured at the fair value of the award on the date of grant and recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over three or . Additionally, for the performance-based equity awards, we assess, at each reporting period, whether it is probable that the performance conditions will be satisfied. We recognize expense respective to the number of awards we expect to vest at the conclusion of the measurement period. Changes in estimate are accounted for in the period of change through a cumulative catch-up adjustment. Any forfeitures of share-based compensation awards are recognized as they occur. 
 For the market-based LTIP units, the fair value of the awards was estimated using a Monte Carlo Simulation model and discounted for the restriction period during which the LTIP units cannot be redeemed or transferred and the uncertainty regarding if, and when, the book capital account of the LTIP units will equal that of the common units. Our stock price, along with the prices of the comparative indexes, is assumed to follow the Geometric Brownian Motion Process. Geometric Brownian Motion is a common assumption when modeling in financial markets, as it allows the modeled quantity (in this case the stock price) to vary randomly from its current value and take any value greater than zero. The volatilities of the returns on our stock price and the comparative indexes were estimated based on implied volatilities and historical volatilities using an appropriate look-back period. The expected growth rate of the stock prices over the performance period is determined with consideration of the risk-free rate as of the grant date. For LTIP unit awards that are time or performance based, the fair value of the awards was estimated based on the fair value of our stock at the grant date discounted for the restriction period during which the LTIP units cannot be redeemed or transferred and the uncertainty regarding if, and when, the book capital account of the LTIP units will equal that of the common units. For restricted stock awards, the fair value of the awards is based on the market price of ESRT stock at the grant date. 
 LTIP units and ESRT restricted stock issued during the six months ended June 30, 2024 were valued at million. The weighted average per unit or share fair value was for grants issued for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The fair value per unit or share granted in 2024 was estimated on the respective dates of grant using the following assumptions: an expected life from to years, a dividend rate of , a risk-free interest rate from to , and an expected price volatility from to . No other stock options, dividend equivalents, or stock appreciation rights were issued during the six months ended June 30, 2024. 
 Vested ) ) ) Granted Forfeited or unearned ) ) Unvested balance at June 30, 2024 
 The time-based LTIPs and ESRT restricted stock awards are treated for accounting purposes as immediately vested upon the later of (i) the date the grantee attains the age of or , as applicable, and (ii) the date on which grantee has first completed the requisite years of continuous service with our Company or its affiliates. For award agreements that qualify, we recognize noncash compensation expense on the grant date for the time-based awards and ratably over the vesting period for the market-based and performance-based awards, and accordingly, we recognized million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 
 23 

million at June 30, 2024, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 For the remainder of the LTIP unit and ESRT restricted stock awards, we recognized noncash compensation expense ratably over the vesting period, and accordingly, we recognized noncash compensation expense of million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense was million at June 30, 2024, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Earnings Per Unit 
 Earnings per unit is calculated by dividing the net income attributable to common unitholders by the weighted average number of units outstanding during the respective period. Unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends, whether paid or unpaid, are accounted for as participating securities. Share-based payment awards are included in the calculation of diluted income using the treasury stock method if dilutive. 
 Private perpetual preferred unit distributions ) ) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests in other partnerships ) ) Net income attributable to common unitholders basic and diluted Denominator: Weighted average units outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities: Stock-based compensation plans Weighted average units outstanding diluted Earnings per unit: Basic Diluted 
 There were antidilutive shares and LTIP units for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 11. 
 million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively. These fees are included within third-party management and other fees. 
 Property Management Fee Revenue 
 24 

million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively. These fees are included within third-party management and other fees. 
 Other 
 We receive rent generally at the market rental rate for square feet of leased space from an entity affiliated with Anthony E. Malkin at of our properties. Under the lease, the tenant has the right to cancel such lease without special payment on days notice. We also have a shared use agreement with such tenant, to occupy a portion of the leased premises as the office location for Peter L. Malkin, our chairman emeritus, utilizing approximately of the space, for which we pay to such tenant an allocable pro rata share of the cost. We also have agreements with these entities and excluded properties and businesses to provide them with general computer-related support services. Total aggregate revenue was million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively. 
 One of ESRT's directors, Hannah Yang, is sister to Heela Yang, who is Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Sol de Janerio USA, a tenant at One Grand Central Place the lease is projected to commence on January 1, 2025 with a starting annualized rent of million. Sol de Janerio is a subsidiary of L Occitane, a tenant at 111 W. 33 rd Street. 
 
 12. 
 reportable segments: (1) real estate and (2) Observatory. Our real estate segment includes all activities related to the ownership, management, operation, acquisition, redevelopment, repositioning and disposition of our traditional real estate assets. Our Observatory segment operates the 86th and 102nd floor observatories at the Empire State Building. These lines of businesses are managed separately because each business requires different support infrastructures, provides different services and has dissimilar economic characteristics such as investments needed, stream of revenues and marketing strategies. We account for intersegment sales and rents as if the sales or rents were to third parties, that is, at current market prices. 
 25 

Intercompany rental revenue ) Observatory revenue Third-party management and other fees Other revenue and fees Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Property operating expenses Intercompany rent expense ) Ground rent expenses General and administrative expenses Observatory expenses Real estate taxes Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses ) Total operating income Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) Interest expense associated with property in receivership ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt Gain on disposition of property Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income Segment assets Expenditures for segment assets 

26 

Intercompany rental revenue ) Observatory revenue Third-party management and other fees Other revenue and fees Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Property operating expenses Intercompany rent expense ) Ground rent expenses General and administrative expenses Observatory expenses Real estate taxes Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses ) Total operating income Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) Gain on disposition of property Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income Segment assets Expenditures for segment assets 
 27 

Intercompany rental revenue ) Observatory revenue Third-party management and other fees Other revenue and fees Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Property operating expenses Intercompany rent expense ) Ground rent expenses General and administrative expenses Observatory expenses Real estate taxes Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses ) Total operating income Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) Interest expense associated with property in receivership ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) ) Gain on disposition of property Income before income taxes Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net income Expenditures for segment assets 
 28 

Intercompany rental revenue ) Observatory revenue Third-party management and other fees Other revenue and fees Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Property operating expenses Intercompany rent expense ) Ground rent expenses General and administrative expenses Observatory expenses Real estate taxes Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses ) Total operating income Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) Gain on disposition of property Income before income taxes Income tax (expense) benefit ) Net income Expenditures for segment assets 
 
 13. 
 None. 
 29 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Unless the context otherwise requires or indicates, references in this section to we, our, and us refer to the Empire State Realty OP, L.P. and its consolidated subsidiaries. This Management s Discussion and Analysis provides a comparison of our performance for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2024 with the corresponding three and six month periods ended June 30, 2023 and reviews our financial position as of June 30, 2024. The following discussion related to our consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act "), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are including this statement for purposes of complying with those safe harbor provisions. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as aims," "anticipates," "approximately," "believes," "contemplates," "continues," "estimates," "expects," "forecasts," "hope," "intends," "may," "plans," "seeks," "should," "thinks," "will," "would" or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases. In particul ar, statements pertaining to ESRT's capital resources, portfolio performance, dividend policy and results of operations contain forward-looking statements. Likewise, all of our statements regarding anticipated growth in our portfolio from operations, acquisitions and anticipated market conditions, demographics and results of operations are forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond our control, and you should not rely on them as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods which may be incorrect or imprecise, and we may not be able to realize them. We do not guarantee that the transactions and events described will happen as described (or that they will happen at all). 
 Many important factors could cause actual results, performance, achievements, and future events to differ materially from those set forth, implied, anticipated, expected, projected, assumed or contemplated in the forward-looking statements, including, among other things: (i) economic, market, political and social impact of, and uncertainty relating to, any catastrophic events, including pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks of disease, climate-related risks such as natural disasters and extreme weather events, terrorism and other armed hostilities, as well as cybersecurity threats and technology disruptions; (ii) a failure of conditions or performance regarding any event or transaction described herein; (iii) resolution of legal proceedings involving the Company; (iv) reduced demand for office, multifamily or retail space, including as a result of the changes in the use of office space and remote work; (v) changes in our business strategy; (vi) a decline in Observatory visitors due to changes in domestic or international tourism, including due to health crises, geopolitical events, currency exchange rates, and/or competition from other observatories; (vii) defaults on, early terminations of, or non-renewal of, leases by tenants; (viii) increases in the Company s borrowing costs as a result of changes in interest rates and other factors; (ix) declining real estate valuations and impairment charges; (x) termination of our ground leases; (xi) limitations on our ability to pay down, refinance, restructure or extend our indebtedness or borrow additional funds; (xii) decreased rental rates or increased vacancy rates; (xiii) difficulties in executing capital projects or development projects successfully or on the anticipated timeline or budget; (xiv) difficulties in identifying and completing acquisitions; (xv) impact of changes in governmental regulations, tax laws and rates and similar matters; (xvi) our failure to qualify as a REIT; (xvii) incurrence of taxable capital gain on disposition of an asset due to failure of compliance with a 1031 exchange program; (xviii) our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, including any material weakness; and (xix) failure to achieve sustainability metrics and goals, including as a result of tenant collaboration, and impact of governmental regulation on our sustainability efforts. For a further discussion of these and other factors that could impact the Company's future results, performance, or transactions, see the section entitled Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report, and other risks described in documents subsequently filed by the Company from time to time with the SEC. 
 While forward-looking statements reflect the Company's good faith beliefs, they do not guarantee future performance. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it was made, and we assume no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, data or methods, future events, or other changes after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, except as required by applicable law. Prospective investors should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which are based only on information currently available to the Company (or to third parties making the forward-looking statements). 
 Overview 
 Highlights for the three months ended June 30, 2024 
 Net income attributable to common unitholders of 27.5 million. 
 30 

Core Funds From Operations ("Core FFO") of 65.7 million attributable to common unitholders. 
 Signed a total of 272,000 rentable square feet of new, renewal, and expansion leases. 
 Announces agreements to acquire North 6 th Street Williamsburg, Brooklyn retail. 
 Results of Operations 
 The discussion below relates to our results of operations for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended June 30, 2023 
 The following table summarizes our historical results of operations for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively (amounts in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 2023 Change Real Estate Segment Observatory Segment Total Real Estate Segment Observatory Segment Total Revenues: Rental revenue 
 152,470 152,470 154,603 154,603 (2,133) (1.4) Observatory revenue 34,124 34,124 33,433 33,433 691 2.1 Third-party management and other fees 
 376 376 381 381 (5) (1.3) Other revenues and fees 
 2,573 2,573 2,125 2,125 448 21.1 Total revenues 
 155,419 34,124 189,543 157,109 33,433 190,542 (999) (0.5) Operating expenses: 
 Property operating expenses 
 41,516 41,516 39,519 39,519 (1,997) (5.1) Ground rent expenses 
 2,332 2,332 2,332 2,332 General and administrative expenses 
 18,020 18,020 16,075 16,075 (1,945) (12.1) Observatory expenses 
 8,958 8,958 8,657 8,657 (301) (3.5) Real estate taxes 
 31,883 31,883 31,490 31,490 (393) (1.2) Depreciation and amortization 
 47,441 32 47,473 46,237 43 46,280 (1,193) (2.6) Total operating expenses 
 141,192 8,990 150,182 135,653 8,700 144,353 (5,829) (4.0) Operating income 
 14,227 25,134 39,361 21,456 24,733 46,189 (6,828) (14.8) Intercompany rent revenue (expense) 20,980 (20,980) 20,942 (20,942) Other income (expense): Interest income 
 5,011 81 5,092 3,289 50 3,339 1,753 52.5 Interest expense 
 (25,323) (25,323) (25,405) (25,405) 82 0.3 Interest expense associated with property in receivership (628) (628) (628) N/A Loss on early extinguishment of debt Gain on disposition of property 
 10,803 10,803 13,565 13,565 (2,762) (20.4) Income before income taxes 
 25,070 4,235 29,305 33,847 3,841 37,688 (8,383) (22.2) Income tax expense 
 (208) (542) (750) (197) (536) (733) (17) (2.3) Net income 
 24,862 3,693 28,555 33,650 3,305 36,955 (8,400) (22.7) Private perpetual preferred unit distributions (1,051) (1,051) (1,051) (1,051) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in other partnerships (1) (1) 1 100.0 Net income attributable to common unitholders 
 23,811 3,693 27,504 32,598 3,305 35,903 (8,399) (23.4) 
 Real Estate Segment 
 Rental Revenue 
 The decrease in rental revenue was primarily attributable to our disposition of First Stamford Place in May 2024 which offset the increased revenues from our acquisition of Williamsburg Retail in September 2023. 
 31 

Property Operating Expenses 
 The increase in property operating expenses was primarily due to higher utilities costs and higher payroll costs during the three months ended June 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended June 30, 2023. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 The increase in general and administrative expenses primarily reflects higher payroll costs during the three months ended June 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended June 30, 2023. This increase in payroll costs is partially attributable to an acceleration of share based compensation expense as certain executives approach their retirement eligibility date. 
 Interest Income 
 The increase in interest income in the three months ended June 30, 2024 reflects higher interest rates and cash balances compared to the three months ended June 30, 2023. 
 Gain on Sale/Disposition of Property 
 The gain on disposition activity for the three months ended June 30, 2024 relates to the disposition of First Stamford Place in Stamford, Connecticut in May 2024. The gain on disposition activity for the three months ended June 30, 2023 relates to the disposition of 500 Mamaroneck Avenue in Harrison, New York in April 2023. 
 Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 Compared to the Six Months Ended June 30, 2023 
 The following table summarizes our historical results of operations for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively (amounts in thousands): 
 Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 2023 Change Real Estate Segment Observatory Segment Total Real Estate Segment Observatory Segment Total Revenues: 
 Rental revenue 
 306,352 306,352 294,694 294,694 11,658 4.0 Observatory revenue 58,720 58,720 55,587 55,587 3,133 5.6 Third-party management and other fees 
 641 641 808 808 (167) (20.7) Other revenues and fees 
 5,009 5,009 4,075 4,075 934 22.9 Total revenues 
 312,002 58,720 370,722 299,577 55,587 355,164 15,558 4.4 Operating expenses: 
 Property operating expenses 
 86,576 86,576 81,563 81,563 (5,013) (6.1) Ground rent expenses 
 4,663 4,663 4,663 4,663 General and administrative expenses 
 33,992 33,992 31,783 31,783 (2,209) (7.0) Observatory expenses 
 17,389 17,389 16,512 16,512 (877) (5.3) Real estate taxes 
 64,124 64,124 63,278 63,278 (846) (1.3) Depreciation and amortization 
 93,485 69 93,554 93,601 87 93,688 134 0.1 Total operating expenses 
 282,840 17,458 300,298 274,888 16,599 291,487 (8,811) (3.0) Operating income 
 29,162 41,262 70,424 24,689 38,988 63,677 6,747 10.6 Intercompany rent revenue (expense) 37,047 (37,047) 36,856 (36,856) Other income (expense): Interest income 
 9,151 119 9,270 5,847 87 5,934 3,336 56.2 Interest expense 
 (50,451) (50,451) (50,709) (50,709) 258 0.5 Interest expense associated with property in receivership (628) (628) (628) N/A Loss on early extinguishment of debt (553) (553) (553) N/A Gain on disposition of property 
 10,803 10,803 29,261 29,261 (18,458) (63.1) Income before income taxes 
 34,531 4,334 38,865 45,944 2,219 48,163 (9,298) (19.3) Income tax (expense) benefit 
 (321) 226 (95) (395) 881 486 (581) (119.5) 
 32 

Net income 
 34,210 4,560 38,770 45,549 3,100 48,649 (9,879) (20.3) Private perpetual preferred unit distributions (2,101) (2,101) (2,101) (2,101) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests in other partnerships (4) (4) 42 42 (46) (109.5) Net income attributable to common unitholders 
 32,105 4,560 36,665 43,490 3,100 46,590 (9,925) (21.3) 
 Real Estate Segment 
 Rental Revenue 
 The increase in rental revenue was primarily attributable to higher occupancy and higher operating and real estate tax expense escalations during the six months ended June 30, 2024 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2023. 
 Property Operating Expenses 
 The increase in property operating expenses was primarily due to higher utilities costs, higher payroll costs and higher repair and maintenance costs during the six months ended June 30, 2024 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2023. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 The increase in general and administrative expenses primarily reflects higher payroll costs during the six months ended June 30, 2024 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2023. This increase in payroll costs is partially attributable to an acceleration of share based compensation expense as certain executives approach their retirement eligibility date. 
 Interest Income 
 The increase in interest income in the six months ended June 30, 2024 reflects higher interest rates and cash balances compared to the six months ended June 30, 2023. 
 Gain on Sale/Disposition of Property 
 The gain on disposition activity for the six months ended June 30, 2024 relates to the disposition of First Stamford Place in Stamford, Connecticut in May 2024. The gain on disposition activity for the six months ended June 30, 2023 relates to the disposition of 500 Mamaroneck Avenue in Harrison, New York in April 2023 and 69-97 and 103-107 Main Street in Westport, Connecticut in February 2023. 
 Observatory Segment 
 Observatory Revenue 
 Observatory revenues were higher driven by increased visitation and revenue per visitor during the six months ended June 30, 2024 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2024. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to repay borrowings, fund and maintain our assets and operations, including lease-up costs, fund our redevelopment and repositioning programs, acquire properties, make distributions to our securityholders and fulfill other general business needs. Based on the historical experience of our management and our business strategy, in the foreseeable future we anticipate we will generate positive cash flows from operations. In order for ESRT to qualify as a REIT, ESRT is required under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to distribute to its stockholders, on an annual basis, at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains. We expect to make quarterly distributions, as required, to our securityholders. 
 While we may be able to anticipate and plan for certain liquidity needs, there may be unexpected increases in uses of cash that are beyond our control and which would affect our financial condition and results of operations. For example, we may be required to comply with new laws or regulations that cause us to incur unanticipated capital expenditures for our properties, thereby increasing our liquidity needs. Even if there are no material changes to our anticipated liquidity requirements, our sources of liquidity may be fewer than, and the funds available from such sources may be less than, anticipated or needed. Our primary sources of liquidity will generally consist of cash on hand, cash generated from our operating activities, debt issuances and unused borrowing capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements, including distributions, operating expenses, working capital, debt service, and capital expenditures from cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt issuances, and available borrowing capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility. The availability of these borrowings is subject to the conditions set forth in the applicable loan agreements. We expect to meet 
 33 

our long-term capital requirements, including acquisitions, redevelopments and capital expenditures through our cash flows from operations, cash on hand, our unsecured revolving credit facility, mortgage financings, debt issuances, common and/or preferred equity issuances and asset sales. Our properties require periodic investments of capital for individual lease related tenant improvement allowances, general capital improvements and costs associated with capital expenditures. Our overall leverage will depend on our mix of investments and the cost of leverage. ESRT's charter does not restrict the amount of leverage that we may use. 
 At June 30, 2024, we had 535.5 million available in cash and cash equivalents, and 500.0 million available under our unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 As of June 30, 2024, we had approximately 2.3 billion of total consolidated indebtedness outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.27 and a weighted average maturity of 5.4 years. 
 Portfolio Transaction Activity 
 On February 1, 2023, we closed on the sale of 69-97 and 103-107 Main Street in Westport, Connecticut at a gross asset valuation of 40.0 million. 
 On April 5, 2023, we closed on the sale of 500 Mamaroneck Avenue in Harrison, New York at a gross asset valuation of 53.0 million. 
 On September 14, 2023, we closed on the acquisition of a Williamsburg retail property located on the corner of North 6 th Street and Wythe Avenue in Brooklyn, New York, for a purchase price of 26.4 million. 
 On March 28, 2024, we executed a buyout of our partner's 10 interest in two of our multifamily properties located at 561 10 th Avenue and 345 East 94 th Street in Manhattan for 14.2 million in cash and the assumption of 18.0 million of in-place debt and now own 100 of the ownership interests in these assets. 
 In July 2024, we entered into two purchase agreements, each relating to the acquisition of separate prime retail portfolios located on North 6 th Street in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York, for 103 million and 92 million, respectively. These acquisitions are subject to customary closing conditions and are anticipated to close in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Unsecured Revolving Credit and Term Loan Facilities 
 In March 2024, we closed on the BofA Credit Facilities, a 715 million, five-year unsecured credit agreement which consists of the 620.0 million Revolving Credit Facility and the 95.0 million BofA Term Loan Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on March 8, 2029, inclusive of two six-month extension periods and replaced the existing revolving credit facility that was due to mature in March 2025. The BofA Term Loan Facility matures on March 8, 2029, inclusive of two twelve-month extension periods and replaced the existing term loan facility that matures in March 2025. Initial interest rates on the new facility, which may change based on our leverage levels, are adjusted SOFR plus 130 basis points for any drawn portion of the Revolving Credit Facility and adjusted SOFR plus 150 basis points for the BofA Term Loan Facility. In addition, the BofA Credit Facilities have a sustainability-linked pricing mechanism that reduces the borrowing spread if certain benchmarks are achieved each year. See "Financial Statements - Note 5 Debt" for a summary of our unsecured revolving credit and term loan facilities. 
 Financial Covenants 
 As of June 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the following financial covenants: 
 Financial Covenant Required June 30, 2024 In Compliance Maximum total leverage 1.50x 3.2x Yes Minimum unencumbered interest coverage > 1.75x 5.6x Yes Maximum unsecured leverage 

 Stamford Place property was placed in receivership and accordingly, we reclassified the related debt and applicable accrued interest to debt associated with property under receivership and accrued interest associated with property in receivership, respectively, in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2024. In connection with this we recorded a contract asset which represents our right to debt extinguishment once the foreclosure process on the First Stamford Place property is completed. 
 Subsequent to quarter-end, in July 2024, we executed an agreement for the refinance of the mortgage for the Metro Center property that was due to mature in November 2024. Beginning November 2024, the new loan balance of 71.6 million will be interest-only at the same interest rate of 3.59 , with a maturity of November 2029, inclusive of a one-year extension option. 
 See "Financial Statements - Note 5 Debt" for more information on mortgage debt. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On April 10, 2024, we entered into a Purchase Agreement pursuant to which we issued and sold an aggregate 225 million principal amount of notes, consisting of (a) 155 million aggregate principal amount of 7.20 Series I Green Guaranteed Senior Notes due June 17, 2029, (b) 45 million aggregate principal amount of 7.32 Series J Green Guaranteed Senior Notes due June 17, 2031 and (c) 25 million aggregate principal amount of 7.41 Series K Green Guaranteed Senior Notes due June 17, 2034. The sale of the Series I-K notes closed on June 17, 2024. The issue price for the notes was 100 of the aggregate principal amount thereof. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, we may prepay all or a portion of the notes upon notice to the holders at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount plus a make-whole premium as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 
 The terms of our senior unsecured notes, including the Series I-K notes, include customary covenants, including limitations on liens, investment, distributions, debt, fundamental changes, and transactions with affiliates and require certain customary financial reports. The terms also require compliance with financial ratios including a maximum leverage ratio, a maximum secured leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, a minimum unencumbered interest coverage ratio, and a maximum unsecured leverage ratio. The agreements also contain customary events of default (subject in certain cases to specified cure periods), including but not limited to non-payment, breach of covenants, representations or warranties, cross defaults, bankruptcy or other insolvency events, judgments, ERISA events, the occurrence of certain change of control transactions and loss of REIT qualification. As of June 30, 2024, we were in compliance with these covenants. 
 See "Financial Statements - Note 5 Debt" for more information on senior unsecured notes. 
 Leverage Policies 
 We expect to employ leverage in our capital structure in amounts determined from time to time by ESRT's Board of Directors. Although ESRT's Board of Directors has not adopted a policy that limits the total amount of indebtedness that we may incur, we anticipate that ESRT's Board of Directors will consider a number of factors in evaluating our level of indebtedness from time to time, as well as the amount of such indebtedness that will be either fixed or floating rate. ESRT's charter and bylaws do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that we may incur nor do they restrict the form in which our indebtedness will be taken (including, but not limited to, recourse or non-recourse debt and cross-collateralized debt). Our overall leverage will depend on our mix of investments and the cost of leverage. ESRT's Board of Directors may from time to time modify our leverage policies in light of the then-current economic conditions, relative costs of debt and equity capital, market values of our properties, general market conditions for debt and equity securities, fluctuations in the market price of ESRT's common stock and our traded OP units, growth and acquisition opportunities and other factors. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 The following tables summarize our tenant improvement costs, leasing commission costs and our capital expenditures for each of the periods presented (dollars in thousands, except per square foot amounts). 
 Office Properties (1)(2) 
 
 Six Months Ended June 30, Total New Leases, Expansions, and Renewals (3) 
 2024 2023 Number of leases signed (4) 
 56 47 Total square feet 
 630,253 530,224 Leasing commission costs per square foot (5) 
 19.12 18.50 Tenant improvement costs per square foot (5) 
 66.14 72.10 Total leasing commissions and tenant improvement costs per square foot (5) 
 85.26 90.60 
 Retail Properties (2)(6) 
 35 

Six Months Ended June 30, Total New Leases, Expansions, and Renewals (3) 
 2024 2023 Number of leases signed (4) 
 4 4 Total square feet 
 11,448 11,076 Leasing commission costs per square foot (5) 
 74.33 25.95 Tenant improvement costs per square foot (5) 
 18.16 26.07 Total leasing commissions and tenant improvement costs per square foot (5) 
 92.49 52.02 
 _______________ 
 (1) Excludes an aggregate of 486,943 and 497,786 rentable square feet of retail space in our Manhattan office in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Includes the Empire State Building broadcasting licenses and Observatory operations. 
 (2) The tables above exclude our multifamily properties. 
 (3) Beginning in 2024, the number of leases signed include "Early Renewals" which are leases signed over two years prior to the lease expiration. Amounts for number of leases signed, total square feet, leasing commission costs per square foot and tenant improvement costs per square foot have been adjusted to include the impact of early renewals for the six months ended June 30, 2023. 
 (4) Presents a renewed and expansion lease as one lease signed. 
 (5) Presents all tenant improvement and leasing commission costs as if they were incurred in the period in which the lease was signed, which may be different than the period in which they were actually paid. 
 (6) Includes an aggregate of 486,943 and 497,786 rentable square feet of retail space in our Manhattan office in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Excludes the Empire State Building broadcasting licenses and Observatory operations. 
 
 Six Months Ended June 30, Total Commercial Portfolio 
 2024 2023 Capital expenditures (1) 
 37,775 25,987 
 _______________ 
 (1) Includes all capital expenditures, excluding tenant improvements and leasing commission costs. 
 As of June 30, 2024, we expect to incur additional costs relating to obligations under existing lease agreements of approximately 111.6 million for tenant improvements and leasing commissions. We intend to fund the tenant improvements and leasing commission costs through a combination of operating cash flow, cash on hand and other borrowings. 
 Capital expenditures are considered part of both our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements. We intend to fund capital improvements through a combination of operating cash flow, cash on hand and borrowings. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of June 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 Distribution Policy 
 We intend to distribute our net taxable income to our securityholders in a manner intended to satisfy REIT distribution requirements and to avoid U.S. federal income tax liability. 
 Before we pay any distribution, whether for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise, we must first meet both our operating requirements and obligations to make payments of principal and interest, if any. However, under some circumstances, we may be required to use cash reserves, incur debt or liquidate assets at rates or times that we regard as unfavorable or make a taxable distribution of our shares in order to satisfy REIT distribution requirements. 
 Distribution to Equity Holders 
 Distributions and dividends amounting to 21.2 million and 20.3 million have been made to equity holders for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Stock and Publicly Traded Operating Partnership Unit Repurchase Program 
 ESRT's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 500 million of ESRT Class A common stock and our Series ES, Series 250 and Series 60 operating partnership units from January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2025. Under the program, ESRT may purchase ESRT Class A common stock and we may purchase our Series ES, Series 250 and Series 60 operating partnership units in accordance with applicable securities laws from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by ESRT and us at our discretion and will be subject to stock price, availability, trading volume, general market conditions, and applicable securities laws. The authorization does not obligate ESRT or us to acquire any particular amount of securities, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at ESRT's and our discretion without prior notice. As of June 30, 2024, we had 500 million remaining of the authorized repurchase amount. There were no repurchases of equity securities during the three and six months ended June 30, 2024. See "Financial Statements - Note 10. Capital." 
 36 

Cash Flows 
 Comparison of Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 to the Six Months Ended June 30, 2023 
 Net cash . Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash were 576.5 million and 395.8 million, respectively, as of June 30, 2024 and 2023. The increase was primarily the result of the following changes in cash flows: 
 
 Operating activities . Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 2.1 million to 108.1 million primarily due to an increase in revenue including decreases in rent concessions. These increases are partially offset by decreases in working capital, particularly a reduction in security deposits as more tenants replaced cash deposits with letters of credit in the current period, as well as the derecognition of First Stamford Place in May 2024. 
 Investing activities . Net cash used in investing activities increased by 140.4 million to 127.7 million primarily due to there being no proceeds from the disposition of property in the current period and the acquisition of non-controlling interests in other partnerships in March 2024, as well as a 12.9 million reduction of cash associated with the derecognition of First Stamford Place in May 2024 (see "Financial Statements - Note 3. Acquisitions and Dispositions"). 
 Financing activities . Net cash provided by financing activities increased by 226.7 million to 189.2 million primarily due to proceeds from a private placement of senior unsecured notes in the current period. 
 Net Operating Income 
 Net operating income ("NOI") is a non-GAAP financial measure of performance. NOI is used by our management to evaluate and compare the performance of our properties and to determine trends in earnings and to compute the fair value of our properties as it is not affected by: (i) the cost of funds of the property owner, (ii) the impact of depreciation and amortization expenses as well as gains or losses from the sale of operating real estate assets that are included in net income computed in accordance with GAAP, (iii) acquisition expenses, loss on early extinguishment of debt, impairment charges and loss from derivative financial instruments, or (iv) general and administrative expenses and other gains and losses that are specific to the property owner. The cost of funds is eliminated from NOI because it is specific to the particular financing capabilities and constraints of the owner. The cost of funds is eliminated because it is dependent on historical interest rates and other costs of capital as well as past decisions made by us regarding the appropriate mix of capital which may have changed or may change in the future. Depreciation and amortization expenses as well as gains or losses from the sale of operating real estate assets are eliminated because they may not accurately represent the actual change in value in our office or retail properties that result from use of the properties or changes in market conditions. While certain aspects of real property do decline in value over time in a manner that is reasonably captured by depreciation and amortization, the value of the properties as a whole have historically increased or decreased as a result of changes in overall economic conditions instead of from actual use of the property or the passage of time. Gains and losses from the sale of real property vary from property to property and are affected by market conditions at the time of sale which will usually change from period to period. These gains and losses can create distortions when comparing one period to another or when comparing our operating results to the operating results of other real estate companies that have not made similarly-timed purchases or sales. We believe that eliminating these costs from net income is useful to investors because the resulting measure captures the actual revenue generated and actual expenses incurred in operating our properties as well as trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. 
 However, the usefulness of NOI is limited because it excludes general and administrative costs, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense and gains or losses from the sale of properties, and other gains and losses as stipulated by GAAP, the level of capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which are significant economic costs. NOI may fail to capture significant trends in these components of net income which further limits its usefulness. 
 NOI is a measure of the operating performance of our properties but does not measure our performance as a whole. NOI is therefore not a substitute for net income as computed in accordance with GAAP. This measure should be analyzed in conjunction with net income computed in accordance with GAAP and discussions elsewhere in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the components of net income that are eliminated in the calculation of NOI. Other companies may use different methods for calculating NOI or similarly titled measures and, accordingly, our NOI may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies that do not define the measure exactly as we do. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of our net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to NOI for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 
 37 

Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited) (unaudited) Net income 
 28,555 36,955 38,770 48,649 Add: 
 General and administrative expenses 
 18,020 16,075 33,992 31,783 Depreciation and amortization 
 47,473 46,280 93,554 93,688 Interest expense 
 25,323 25,405 50,451 50,709 Interest expense associated with property in receivership 628 628 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 
 553 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 750 733 95 (486) Less: 
 Gain on sale/disposition of property (10,803) (13,565) (10,803) (29,261) Third-party management and other fees 
 (376) (381) (641) (808) Interest income 
 (5,092) (3,339) (9,270) (5,934) Net operating income 
 104,478 108,163 197,329 188,340 Other Net Operating Income Data 
 Straight-line rental revenue 
 1,900 11,859 4,961 12,415 Net increase in rental revenue from the amortization of above-and below-market lease assets and liabilities 
 513 675 1,027 1,378 Amortization of acquired below-market ground leases 
 1,958 1,958 3,916 3,916 
 Funds from Operations ("FFO") 
 We present below a discussion of FFO. We compute FFO in accordance with the White Paper on FFO published by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, which defines FFO as net income (loss) (determined in accordance with GAAP), excluding impairment write-off of investments in depreciable real estate and investments in in-substance real estate investments, gains or losses from debt restructurings and sales of depreciable operating properties, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs), less distributions to non-controlling interests and gains/losses from discontinued operations and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. FFO is a widely recognized non-GAAP financial measure for REITs that we believe, when considered with financial statements determined in accordance with GAAP, is useful to investors in understanding financial performance and providing a relevant basis for comparison among REITs. In addition, we believe FFO is useful to investors as it captures features particular to real estate performance by recognizing that real estate has generally appreciated over time or maintains residual value to a much greater extent than do other depreciable assets. Investors should review FFO, along with GAAP net income, when trying to understand an equity REIT s operating performance. We present FFO because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our operating performance and believe that it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of REITs. However, because FFO excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of our properties that result from use or market conditions nor the level of capital expenditures and leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which have real economic effect and could materially impact our results of operations, the utility of FFO as a measure of performance is limited. There can be no assurance that FFO presented by us is comparable to similarly titled measures of other REITs. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) determined in accordance with GAAP or to cash flow from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP. FFO is not indicative of cash available to fund ongoing cash needs, including the ability to make cash distributions. Although FFO is a measure used for comparability in assessing the performance of REITs, as the NAREIT White Paper only provides guidelines for computing FFO, the computation of FFO may vary from one company to another. 
 Modified Funds From Operations ("Modified FFO") 
 Modified FFO adds back an adjustment for any above or below-market ground lease amortization to traditionally defined FFO. We believe this a useful supplemental measure in evaluating our operating performance due to the non-cash accounting treatment under GAAP, which stems from the third quarter 2014 acquisition of two option properties following our formation transactions as they carry significantly below market ground leases, the amortization of which is material to our overall results. We present Modified FFO because we believe it is an important supplemental measure of our operating performance in that it adds back the non-cash amortization of below-market ground leases. There can be no assurance that Modified FFO presented by us is comparable to similarly titled measures of other REITs. Modified FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) determined in 
 38 

accordance with GAAP or to cash flow from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP. Modified FFO is not indicative of cash available to fund ongoing cash needs, including the ability to make cash distributions. 
 Core Funds From Operations 
 Core FFO adds back to Modified FFO the following items: Interest expense associated with property in receivership and loss on early extinguishment of debt. The Company believes Core FFO is an important supplemental measure of its operating performance because it excludes non-recurring items. There can be no assurance that Core FFO presented by the Company is comparable to similarly titled measures of other REITs. Core FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) determined in accordance with GAAP or to cash flow from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP. Core FFO is not indicative of cash available to fund ongoing cash needs, including the ability to make cash distributions. In future periods, we may also exclude other items from Core FFO that we believe may help investors compare our results. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of our net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to FFO, Modified FFO and Core FFO for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited) (unaudited) Net income 
 28,555 36,955 38,770 48,649 Non-controlling interests in other partnerships (1) (4) 42 Private perpetual preferred unit distributions 
 (1,051) (1,051) (2,101) (2,101) Real estate depreciation and amortization 
 46,398 44,887 91,255 90,911 Gain on disposition of property 
 (10,803) (13,565) (10,803) (29,261) FFO attributable to common unitholders 
 63,099 67,225 117,117 108,240 Amortization of below-market ground leases 
 1,958 1,958 3,916 3,916 Modified FFO attributable to common unitholders 
 65,057 69,183 121,033 112,156 Interest expense associated with property in receivership 628 628 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 
 553 Core FFO attributable to common unitholders 
 65,685 69,183 122,214 112,156 Weighted average Operating Partnership units 
 Basic 
 264,676 262,903 264,619 263,694 Diluted 
 268,716 264,196 268,105 264,736 
 Factors That May Influence Future Results of Operations 
 Leasing 
 Due to the relatively small number of leases that are signed in any particular quarter, one or more larger leases may have a disproportionately positive or negative impact on average rent, tenant improvement and leasing commission costs for that period. As a result, we believe it is more appropriate when analyzing trends in average rent and tenant improvement and leasing commission costs to review activity over multiple quarters or years. Tenant improvement costs include expenditures for general improvements occurring concurrently with, but that are not directly related to, the cost of installing a new tenant. Leasing commission costs are similarly subject to significant fluctuations depending upon the length of leases being signed and the mix of tenants from quarter to quarter. 
 As of June 30, 2024, there were approximately 0.6 million rentable square feet of space in our portfolio available to lease (excluding leases signed but not yet commenced) representing 7.4 of the net rentable square footage of the properties in our commercial portfolio. In addition, leases representing 3.9 and 6.5 of net rentable square footage of the properties in our commercial portfolio will expire in 2024 and in 2025, respectively. These leases are expected to represent approximately 3.5 and 7.5 , respectively, of our annualized rent for such periods. Our revenues and results of operations can be impacted by expiring leases that are not renewed or re-leased or that are renewed or re-leased at base rental rates equal to, above or below the current average base rental rates. Further, our revenues and results of operations can also be affected by downtime after space is vacated and the costs we incur to re-lease available space, including payment of leasing commissions, redevelopments and build-to-suit remodeling that may not be borne by the tenant. 
 Observatory Operations 
 For the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Observatory hosted 1,133,000 visitors, compared to 1,108,000 visitors for the six months ended June 30, 2023, an increase of 2 . Observatory revenue for the six months ended June 30, 2024 was 58.7 million, a 6 increase from 
 39 

55.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023. The Observatory revenue increase was driven by higher visitation levels and ticket prices in 2024. 
 Observatory revenues and admissions are dependent upon the following: (i) the number of tourists (domestic and international) who come to New York City and visit the Observatory, as well as any related tourism trends; (ii) the prices per admission that can be charged; (iii) seasonal trends affecting the number of visitors to the Observatory; (iv) competition, in particular from other new and existing observatories; and (v) weather trends. 
 Outlook 
 Year to date in 2024, ESRT has benefited from solid leasing activity and Observatory performance. 
 We believe the global economy, including the real estate sector, currently navigates an environment of uncertainty around inflation, higher interest rates, reduced availability of commercial real estate loans, questions on the direction of capital markets, risk of recession and geopolitical unrest. In particular, there have been concerns about the softening of the office real estate market in particular, amidst refinancing challenges of existing low interest rate loans and associated reduced new loan availability and increased costs of loans and related increased expectations of equity returns, coupled with the gradual pace of return-to-office and its impact on the physical utilization of space and asset valuations. Additionally, the risk of a global economic recession could impact the number of visitors to the Empire State Building Observatory, as well as our pricing power. 
 Despite this global economic backdrop, we believe that ESRT is in a good competitive position with diversified drivers of income across office, retail, multifamily and the Empire State Building Observatory. ESRT s New York City-focused portfolio is modernized, amenitized, well-located and energy efficient, with indoor environmental quality, competitive rental rates and strong leased percentages. We believe our business is further fortified by the continued performance of our Observatory attraction. 
 In addition to our diversified portfolio, our business is supported by a well-positioned balance sheet, modest leverage and good access to liquidity as set forth herein. The absence of near term debt maturities provides an added degree of security in a rising rate environment. This provides us optionality to execute on capital recycling, acquisitions, and buybacks. As we navigate these uncertain times, we remain prepared for various challenges and situations. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Refer to our Annual Report for a discussion of our critical accounting estimates. There were no material changes to our critical accounting estimates disclosed in our Annual Report. 
 40 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Our future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates. We are exposed to interest rate changes primarily on our unsecured revolving credit facility and debt refinancings. In order to mitigate our interest rate risk, we may borrow at fixed rates or may enter into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps or caps on floating rate financial instruments. We are not subject to foreign currency risk and we do not enter into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes. 
 As of June 30, 2024, we have interest rate SOFR swap and cap agreements with an aggregate notional value of 585.8 million and which mature between October 1, 2024 and November 1, 2033. The "variable to fixed" interest rate swaps have been designated as cash flow hedges and are deemed highly effective with fair values in an asset position of 16.2 million and are included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2024. 
 As of June 30, 2024, the weighted average interest rate on the 2.3 billion of fixed-rate indebtedness outstanding was 4.27 per annum, with maturities at various dates through March 17, 2035. 
 As of June 30, 2024, the fair value of our outstanding debt was approximately 2.1 billion, which was approximately 179.9 million less than the book value as of such date. Interest risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. These analyses do not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur in that environment. Further, in the event of a change of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our financial structure. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including ESRT's Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Subsequent to the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures at the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded, as of that time, that our disclosure controls were not effective at a reasonable level of assurance as of June 30, 2024 because of a material weakness identified in the design of certain ITGCs. 
 A material weakness (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As previously reported in our Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023 and our Form 10-Q/A for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024, each filed on the date hereof, subsequent to the end of the period covered by this report, we identified a material weakness in the design of information technology ("IT") general controls ("ITGCs") related to IT systems and applications relevant to preparation of our financial statements. In particular, the Company's ITGCs included: (i) controls to approve and monitor changes within information systems and related applications, but the monitoring controls were not designed to ensure a complete population of changes were subject to the control procedures across all relevant IT components and (ii) the controls to approve and monitor user access to information systems and related applications, but the monitoring controls were not designed to review the appropriateness of permissions granted to approved users. As a result, business process controls (automated and manual) that are dependent on the ineffective ITGCs, or that rely on data produced from systems impacted by the ineffective ITGCs, were also deemed ineffective. 
 41 

Despite the finding of the material weakness, management has concluded that our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included herein fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented. 
 Remediation of the Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Company is in the process of implementing changes associated with the design, implementation and monitoring of ITGCs in the areas of logical access and change management for IT applications that support the Company s financial statement preparation and reporting processes to ensure that internal controls are designed and operating effectively. Our remediation plans will include: 
 Enhancing the current change monitoring control to use an appropriate system source to help ensure a complete population of changes are reviewed to detect if any changes were made outside the Company s established change control process across all relevant IT components. 
 Adding controls to manage the appropriate assignment and maintenance of permission configurations within access groups and the users they are assigned to. 
 Increasing the frequency of periodic re-evaluation of user access privileges. 
 Training of relevant personnel on the design and operation of our ITGCs over financial reporting. 
 We believe that these actions, collectively, will remediate the material weakness identified. However, we will not be able to conclude that we have completely remediated the material weakness until the applicable controls are fully implemented and operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through formal testing, that the remediated controls are operating effectively. We will continue to monitor the design and effectiveness of these and other processes, procedures, and controls and will make any further changes management deems appropriate. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Except for the unremediated material weaknesses noted above, there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that were identified in connection with the evaluation referenced above that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Financial Statements Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies for a description of legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 As of June 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to the risk factors, except as set forth below. See the section entitled "Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and any additional factors that may be contained in any filing we make with the SEC. 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to information technology general controls. Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in loss of investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price. 
 We are required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to maintain internal control over financial reporting that meets applicable standards. We identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting for the periods ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 related to the design of certain of our ITGCs for information systems and applications used in the preparation of our financial statements. See Part I, ITEM 4, Controls and Procedures Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting for more information. We may not be successful in implementing our remediation efforts or in developing other internal controls. Any failure by us to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our ability to record, process or report financial information accurately and to prepare financial statements in a 
 42 

timely manner, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements and adversely impact our stock price. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Recent Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Stock and Publicly Traded Operating Partnership Unit Repurchase Program 
 ESRT's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 500 million of ESRT Class A common stock and our Series ES, Series 250 and Series 60 operating partnership units from January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2025. Under the program, ESRT may purchase ESRT Class A common stock and we may purchase our Series ES, Series 250 and Series 60 operating partnership units in accordance with applicable securities laws from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by ESRT and us at our discretion and will be subject to stock price, availability, trading volume, general market conditions, and applicable securities laws. The authorization does not obligate ESRT or us to acquire any particular amount of securities, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at ESRT's and our discretion without prior notice. As of June 30, 2024, we had 500.0 million remaining of the authorized repurchase amount. There were no repurchases of equity securities during the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 (a) None. 
 (b) None. 
 (c) During the three months ended June 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) , or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 43 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description 10.1 
 Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on March 28, 2024. 
 10.2 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Time-Based), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-279259), filed with the SEC on May 9, 2024. 
 10.3 
 Form of LTIP Agreement (Director, Time-Based), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-279259), filed with the SEC on May 9, 2024. 
 10.4 
 Form of LTIP Agreement (Executive Officer or Director, Immediate Vest), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-279259), filed with the SEC on May 9, 2024. 
 10.5 
 Form of LTIP Agreement (Executive Officer, Performance-Based) , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-279259), filed with the SEC on May 9, 2024. 
 10.6 
 Form of LTIP Agreement (Executive Officer, Time-Based), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-279259), filed with the SEC on May 9, 2024. 
 10.7 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. and Anthony E. Malkin, dated September 20, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 23,2024. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (contained in Exhibit 101) Notes: Filed herewith. 
 
 44 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 EMPIRE STATE REALTY OP, L.P. 
 By: Empire State Realty Trust, Inc., its general partner 
 By: /s/ Stephen V. Horn Date: October 8, 2024 
 Stephen V. Horn 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

45 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311esrop6-30x24.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Anthony E. Malkin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By s Anthony E. Malkin Date October 8, 2024 
 Anthony E. Malkin 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312esrop6-30x24.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Stephen V. Horn, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By s Stephen V. Horn Date October 8, 2024 
 Stephen V. Horn 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 & Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321esrop6-30x24.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. (the Company ), hereby certifies, to his knowledge that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By s Anthony E. Malkin Date October 8, 2024 
 Anthony E. Malkin 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322esrop6-30x24.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer of Empire State Realty OP, L.P. (the Company ), hereby certifies, to his knowledge that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By s Stephen V. Horn Date October 8, 2024 
 Stephen V. Horn 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 & Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 esrt-20240630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 esrt-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 esrt-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 esrt-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 esrt-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

