<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_1993004_0001993004-24-000102.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8646154</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>117044</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1349670</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3972825</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1610205</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1395742</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001993004-24-000102.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241028190245
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001993004-24-000102
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001993004
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				932020320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56598
		FILM NUMBER:		241402249

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3010 WEST 69TH STREET
		CITY:			SIOUX FALLS
		STATE:			SD
		ZIP:			57108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		605-978-2900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3010 WEST 69TH STREET
		CITY:			SIOUX FALLS
		STATE:			SD
		ZIP:			57108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001993004-24-000102.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 nwe-20240930.htm
 10-Q

nwe-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (mark one) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 
 N/A 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non- accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 
 Common Stock, Par Value 0.01 , shares outstanding at October 25, 2024 
 1 

NORTHWESTERN ENERGY GROUP 
 
 FORM 10-Q 
 
 INDEX 
 Page SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 3 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 5 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 50 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 51 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 51 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 51 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 52 
 SIGNATURES 
 53 

2 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 On one or more occasions, we may make statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q regarding our assumptions, projections, expectations, targets, intentions or beliefs about future events. All statements other than statements of historical facts, included or incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report, relating to our current expectations of future financial performance, continued growth, changes in economic conditions or capital markets and changes in customer usage patterns and preferences are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Words or phrases such as anticipates," may," will," should," believes," estimates," expects," intends," plans," predicts," projects," targets," will likely result," will continue" or similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed. We caution that while we make such statements in good faith and believe such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, including without limitation, our examination of historical operating trends, data contained in records and other data available from third parties, we cannot assure you that we will achieve our projections. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: 
 
 adverse determinations by regulators, as well as potential adverse federal, state, or local legislation or regulation, including costs of compliance with existing and future environmental requirements, and wildfire damages in excess of liability insurance coverage, could have a material effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition; 
 the impact of extraordinary external events and natural disasters, such as a wide-spread or global pandemic, geopolitical events, earthquake, flood, drought, lightning, weather, wind, and fire, could have a material effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition; 
 acts of terrorism, cybersecurity attacks, data security breaches, or other malicious acts that cause damage to our generation, transmission, or distribution facilities, information technology systems, or result in the release of confidential customer, employee, or Company information; 
 supply chain constraints, recent high levels of inflation for product, services and labor costs, and their impact on capital expenditures, operating activities, and/or our ability to safely and reliably serve our customers; 
 changes in availability of trade credit, creditworthiness of counterparties, usage, commodity prices, fuel supply costs or availability due to higher demand, shortages, weather conditions, transportation problems or other developments, may reduce revenues or may increase operating costs, each of which could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations; 
 unscheduled generation outages or forced reductions in output, maintenance or repairs, which may reduce revenues and increase operating costs or may require additional capital expenditures or other increased operating costs; and 
 adverse changes in general economic and competitive conditions in the U.S. financial markets and in our service territories. 
 
 We have attempted to identify, in context, certain of the factors that we believe may cause actual future experience and results to differ materially from our current expectation regarding the relevant matter or subject area. In addition to the items specifically discussed above, our business and results of operations are subject to the uncertainties described under the caption Risk Factors which is part of the disclosure included in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 From time to time, oral or written forward-looking statements are also included in our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A, press releases, analyst and investor conference calls, and other communications released to the public. We believe that at the time made, the expectations reflected in all of these forward-looking statements are and will be reasonable. However, any or all of the forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our reports on Forms 10-K and 8-K, our other reports on Form 10-Q, our Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A and any other public statements that are made by us may prove to be incorrect. This may occur as a result of assumptions, which turn out to be inaccurate, or as a consequence of known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many factors discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, certain of which are beyond our control, will be important in determining our future performance. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those that might be anticipated from forward-looking statements. In light of these and other uncertainties, you should not regard the inclusion of any of our forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or other public communications as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved, and you should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
 
 3 

We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. However, your attention is directed to any further disclosures made on related subjects in our subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A. 
 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references to we, us, our, NorthWestern Energy Group, NorthWestern Energy, and NorthWestern refer specifically to NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 4 

PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NORTHWESTERN ENERGY GROUP 
 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Electric Gas Total Revenues Operating expenses Fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense (exclusive of depreciation and depletion shown separately below) Operating and maintenance Administrative and general Property and other taxes Depreciation and depletion Total Operating Expenses Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other income, net Income before income taxes Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) Net Income Average Common Shares Outstanding Basic Earnings per Average Common Share Diluted Earnings per Average Common Share Dividends Declared per Common Share 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 5 

NORTHWESTERN ENERGY GROUP 
 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Postretirement medical liability adjustment ) ) Reclassification of net losses on derivative instruments Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Comprehensive Income 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 6 

NORTHWESTERN ENERGY GROUP 
 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Inventories Regulatory assets Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Goodwill Regulatory assets Other noncurrent assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities: Current maturities of finance leases Current portion of long-term debt Short-term borrowings Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other Regulatory liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term finance leases Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Noncurrent regulatory liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) ; authorized shares; issued and outstanding and shares, respectively; Preferred stock, par value ; authorized shares; issued 
 Treasury stock at cost ) ) Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Shareholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 

NORTHWESTERN ENERGY GROUP 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Items not affecting cash: Depreciation and depletion Amortization of debt issuance costs, discount and deferred hedge gain Stock-based compensation costs Equity portion of allowance for funds used during construction ) ) Gain on disposition of assets ) ) Impairment of alternative energy storage investment Deferred income taxes ) Changes in current assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventories ) ) Other current assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other Regulatory assets ) Regulatory liabilities ) Other noncurrent assets and liabilities ) ) Cash Provided by Operating Activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Property, plant, and equipment additions ) ) Investment in equity securities ) ) Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net Dividends on common stock ) ) Issuance of long-term debt Issuances of short-term borrowings Repayments on long-term debt ) Line of credit repayments, net ) ) Other financing activities, net ) ) Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities ) Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash ) Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash, beginning of period Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash, end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Cash (received) paid during the period for: Income taxes ) Interest Significant non-cash transactions: Capital expenditures included in accounts payable Refinancing of Pollution Control Revenue Refunding Bonds 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 

NORTHWESTERN ENERGY GROUP 
 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Number of Common Shares Number of Treasury Shares Common Stock Treasury Stock Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders' Equity Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Reclassification of net losses on derivative instruments from OCI to net income, net of tax Postretirement medical liability adjustment, net of tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of shares ) Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax Reclassification of net losses on derivative instruments from OCI to net income, net of tax Stock-based compensation Issuance of shares ) Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 9 

Nine Months Ended September 30, Number of Common Shares Number of Treasury Shares Common Stock Treasury Stock Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders' Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Reclassification of net losses on derivative instruments from OCI to net income, net of tax Postretirement medical liability adjustment, net of tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of shares ) Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Reclassification of net losses on derivative instruments from OCI to net income, net of tax Postretirement medical liability adjustment, net of tax Stock-based compensation ) Issuance of shares ) Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 10 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Reference is made to Notes to Financial Statements included in the NorthWestern Energy Group's Annual Report) 
 (Unaudited) 

(1) 
 customers in Montana, South Dakota, Nebraska and Yellowstone National Park, through its subsidiaries NorthWestern Corporation (NW Corp) and NorthWestern Energy Public Service Corporation (NWE Public Service). We have generated and distributed electricity in South Dakota and distributed natural gas in South Dakota and Nebraska since 1923 and have generated and distributed electricity and distributed natural gas in Montana since 2002. 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Financial Statements) reflect all adjustments (which unless otherwise noted are normal and recurring in nature) that are, in our opinion, necessary to fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The actual results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the operating results to be expected for a full year or for other interim periods. Events occurring subsequent to September 30, 2024 have been evaluated as to their potential impact to the Financial Statements through the date of issuance. 
 
 The Financial Statements included herein have been prepared by NorthWestern, without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations; however, we believe that the condensed disclosures provided are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. We recommend that these Financial Statements be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related footnotes included in the NorthWestern Energy Group Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . 
 
 Holding Company Reorganization 
 
 On January 1, 2024, we completed the second and final phase of our holding company reorganization. NW Corp contributed the assets and liabilities of its South Dakota and Nebraska regulated utilities to NWE Public Service, and then distributed its equity interest in NWE Public Service and certain other subsidiaries to NorthWestern Energy Group, resulting in NW Corp owning and operating the Montana regulated utility and NWE Public Service owning and operating the Nebraska and South Dakota utilities, each as a direct subsidiary of NorthWestern Energy Group. 
 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 
 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 We completed our annual goodwill impairment test as of April 1, 2024, and no impairment was identified. We calculate the fair value of our reporting units by considering various factors, including valuation studies based primarily on a discounted cash flow analysis, with published industry valuations and market data as supporting information. Key assumptions in the determination of fair value include the use of an appropriate discount rate and estimated future cash flows. In estimating cash 
 11 

(2) 
 
 million million net with Property Tax and Power Cost and Credit Adjustment Mechanism (PCCAM) tracker adjustments) for electric and million for natural gas. Our request is based on a return on equity of percent with a capital structure including percent equity, and forecasted 2024 electric and natural gas rate base of billion and million, respectively. The electric rate base investment includes the 175-megawatt natural gas-fired Yellowstone County Generating Station ("YCGS"), which was placed in service in October 2024. 
 
 Our filing included a request for interim base rates to be effective October 1, 2024. Implementation of interim base rates, if any, has been delayed beyond our requested effective date as the MPSC has not yet made a decision on the interim rate request. 
 
 The MPSC has developed its procedural schedule for our rate review request including a hearing scheduled to commence on April 22, 2025. If a final order is not received by May 23, 2025, which is 270 days from acceptance of our filing, we intend to implement, as permitted by the MPSC regulations, our requested rates, which will be subject to refund, until a final order is received. 
 
 South Dakota Natural Gas Rate Review 
 
 In June 2024, we filed a natural gas rate review (2023 test year) with the South Dakota Public Utilities Commission. The filing requests a base rate annual revenue increase of million. Our request is based on a return on equity of percent, a capital structure including percent equity, and rate base of million. If a final order is not received by December 21, 2024, interim base rates may go into effect. 
 
 Nebraska Natural Gas Rate Review 
 
 million. Our request is based on a return on equity of percent, a capital structure including percent equity, and rate base of million. Interim rates, which increased base natural gas rates million, were implemented on October 1, 2024. Interim rates will remain in effect on a refundable basis until the NPSC issues a final order. 

(3) 
 12 

Income tax calculated at federal statutory rate Permanent or flow-through adjustments: State income tax, net of federal provisions Gas repairs safe harbor method change ) ) Flow-through repairs deductions ) ) ) ) Production tax credits ) ) ) ) Amortization of excess deferred income tax ) ) ) ) Income tax return to accrual adjustment Plant and depreciation flow-through items Other, net ) ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Income before income taxes Income tax calculated at federal statutory rate Permanent or flow through adjustments: State income, net of federal provisions Flow-through repairs deductions ) ) ) ) Production tax credits ) ) ) ) Gas repairs safe harbor method change ) ) Amortization of excess deferred income tax ) ) ) ) Reduction to previously claimed alternative minimum tax credit Income tax return to accrual adjustment Plant and depreciation flow through items Share-based compensation Other, net ) ) ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 
 In 2023, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) issued a safe harbor method of accounting for the repair and maintenance of natural gas transmission and distribution property. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, after completion of our impact analysis of the gas repairs safe harbor method change, we recorded an income tax benefit of approximately million related to tax deductions for repair costs that were previously capitalized in the 2022 and prior tax years. 
 13 

percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. We had unrecognized tax benefits of approximately million as of September 30, 2024, including approximately million that, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate. In the next twelve months we expect the statute of limitations to expire for certain uncertain tax benefits, which would result in a decrease to our total unrecognized tax benefits of approximately million. 
 
 Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of September 30, 2024, we have accrued million for the payment of interest and penalties on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2023, we had accrued million for the payment of interest and penalties on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 and forward remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities. 

(4) 
 
 ) ) Reclassification of net income on derivative instruments ) ) Defined benefit pension plan and postretirement medical liability adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Before-Tax Amount Tax Expense Net-of-Tax Amount Before-Tax Amount Tax Expense Net-of-Tax Amount Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Reclassification of net income on derivative instruments ) ) Defined benefit pension plan and postretirement medical liability adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 
 Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges ) ) Defined benefit pension plan Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 
 14 

) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCL Interest Expense Net current-period other comprehensive income Ending balance ) ) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Affected Line Item in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Interest Rate Derivative Instruments Designated as Cash Flow Hedges Postretirement Medical Plans Foreign Currency Translation Total Beginning balance ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCL Interest Expense Amounts reclassified from AOCL ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Affected Line Item in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Interest Rate Derivative Instruments Designated as Cash Flow Hedges Defined Benefit Pension Plan and Postretirement Medical Plans Foreign Currency Translation Total Beginning balance ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCL Interest Expense Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Ending balance ) ) 
 15 

) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCL Interest Expense Amounts reclassified from AOCL ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) 

million aggregate principal amount of Montana First Mortgage Bonds at a fixed interest rate of percent maturing on . These bonds were issued in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. Proceeds were used to redeem NW Corp's million of Montana First Mortgage Bonds due this year and for other general utility purposes. The bonds are secured by NW Corp's electric and natural gas assets associated with its Montana utility operations. 
 
 On March 28, 2024, NWE Public Service issued and sold million aggregate principal amount of South Dakota First Mortgage Bonds at a fixed interest rate of percent maturing on , and million aggregate principal amount of South Dakota First Mortgage Bonds at a fixed interest rate of percent maturing on . These bonds were issued in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. Proceeds were used for general utility purposes. The bonds are secured by NWE Public Service's electric and natural gas assets associated with its South Dakota and Nebraska utility operations. 
 
 On April 12, 2024, NorthWestern Energy Group entered into a million Term Loan Credit Agreement (Term Loan) with a maturity date of . Borrowings may be made at a variable interest rate equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus an applicable margin as provided in the Term Loan. These proceeds were used to repay a portion of our outstanding revolving credit facility borrowings and for general corporate purposes. The Term Loan provides for prepayment of the principal and interest; however, amounts prepaid may not be reborrowed. The Term Loan requires us to maintain a consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratio of percent or less. It also contains covenants which, among other things, limit our ability to engage in any consolidation or merger or otherwise liquidate or dissolve, dispose of property, and restricts certain affiliate transactions. A default on the South Dakota or Montana First Mortgage Bonds would trigger a cross default on the Term Loan; however a default on the Term Loan would not trigger a default on the South Dakota or Montana First Mortgage Bonds. 

(6) 
 16 

Fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense (exclusive of depreciation and depletion shown separately below) Utility margin Operating and maintenance Administrative and general Property and other taxes Depreciation and depletion Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other income, net Income tax (expense) benefit ) Net income (loss) ) ) Total assets Capital expenditures 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Electric Gas Other Eliminations Total Operating revenues Fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense (exclusive of depreciation and depletion shown separately below) Utility margin Operating and maintenance Administrative and general Property and other taxes ) Depreciation and depletion Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Total assets Capital expenditures 
 
 17 

Fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense (exclusive of depreciation and depletion shown separately below) Utility margin Operating and maintenance Administrative and general Property and other taxes Depreciation and depletion Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income tax (expense) benefit 
 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Total assets Capital expenditures 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Electric Gas Other Eliminations Total Operating revenues Fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense (exclusive of depreciation and depletion shown separately below) Utility margin Operating and maintenance Administrative and general Property and other taxes ) Depreciation and depletion Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Total assets Capital expenditures 
 
 18 

(7) 
 
 South Dakota Nebraska Residential Montana South Dakota Nebraska Commercial Industrial Lighting, governmental, irrigation, and interdepartmental Total Customer Revenues Other tariff and contract based revenues Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers Regulatory amortization and other ) ) ) Total Revenues 
 
 19 

South Dakota Nebraska Residential Montana South Dakota Nebraska Commercial Industrial Lighting, governmental, irrigation, and interdepartmental Total Customer Revenues Other tariff and contract based revenues Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers Regulatory amortization and other ) ) ) Total Revenues 

(8) 

Dilutive effect of: Performance share awards (1) 
 Diluted computation 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Basic computation Dilutive effect of: Performance share awards (1) 
 Diluted computation 
 (1) Performance share awards are included in diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding based upon what would be issued if the end of the most recent reporting period was the end of the term of the award. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were shares from performance and restricted share awards which were antidilutive and excluded from the earnings per share calculations, compared to shares as of September 30, 2023. 
 
 20 

(9) 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit Recognized actuarial loss (gain) ) Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) 
 
 Pension Benefits Other Postretirement Benefits Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit Recognized actuarial loss (gain) ) Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) 
 million to our pension plans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We expect to contribute an additional million to our pension plans during the remainder of 2024. 

(10) 
 
 21 

22 

23 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 
 The following discussion includes financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as another financial measure, Utility Margin, that is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes (or includes) amounts that are included in (or excluded from) the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. We define Utility Margin as Operating Revenues less fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense (exclusive of depreciation and depletion) as presented in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. This measure differs from the GAAP definition of Gross Margin due to the exclusion of Operating and maintenance, Property and other taxes, and Depreciation and depletion expenses, which are presented separately in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The following discussion includes a reconciliation of Utility Margin to Gross Margin, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
 
 We believe that Utility Margin provides a useful measure for investors and other financial statement users to analyze our financial performance in that it excludes the effect on total revenues caused by volatility in energy costs and associated regulatory mechanisms. This information is intended to enhance an investor's overall understanding of results. Under our various state regulatory mechanisms, as detailed below, our supply costs are generally collected from customers. In addition, Utility Margin is used by us to determine whether we are collecting the appropriate amount of energy costs from customers to allow for recovery of operating costs, as well as to analyze how changes in loads (due to weather, economic or other conditions), rates and other factors impact our results of operations. Our Utility Margin measure may not be comparable to that of other companies' presentations or more useful than the GAAP information provided elsewhere in this report. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 NorthWestern Energy Group, doing business as NorthWestern Energy, provides electricity and/or natural gas to approximately 775,300 customers in Montana, South Dakota, Nebraska and Yellowstone National Park. Our operations in Montana and Yellowstone National Park are conducted through our subsidiary, NW Corp, and our operations in South Dakota and Nebraska are conducted through our subsidiary, NWE Public Service. For a discussion of NorthWestern s business strategy, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the NorthWestern Energy Group Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 We work to deliver safe, reliable, and innovative energy solutions that create value for customers, communities, employees, and investors. We do this by providing low-cost and reliable service performed by highly-adaptable and skilled employees. We are focused on delivering long-term shareholder value through: 
 
 Infrastructure investment focused on a stronger and smarter grid to improve the customer experience, while enhancing grid reliability and safety. This includes automation in customer meters, distribution and substations that enables the use of proven new technologies. 
 
 Investing in and integrating supply resources that balance reliability, cost, capacity, and sustainability considerations with more predictable long-term commodity prices. 
 
 Continually improving our operating efficiency. Financial discipline is essential to earning our authorized return on invested capital and maintaining a strong balance sheet, stable cash flows, and quality credit ratings to continue to attract cost-effective capital for future investment. 
 
 We expect to pursue these investment opportunities and manage our business in a manner that allows us to be flexible in adjusting to changing economic conditions by adjusting the timing and scale of the projects. 
 
 We are committed to providing customers with reliable and affordable electric and natural gas services while also being good stewards of the environment. Towards this end, our efforts towards a carbon-free future are outlined through our goal to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. 
 
 As you read this discussion and analysis, refer to our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, which present the results of our operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 24 

HOW WE PERFORMED AGAINST OUR THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Income Before Income Taxes Income Tax (Expense) Benefit (3) 
 Net Income (in millions) Third Quarter, 2023 31.0 (1.7) 29.3 Variance in revenue and fuel, purchased supply, and direct transmission expense (1) items impacting net income: 
 Base rates 
 17.2 (4.4) 12.8 Electric transmission revenue 
 5.9 (1.5) 4.4 Electric retail volumes 
 3.6 (0.9) 2.7 Montana property tax tracker collections 1.5 (0.4) 1.1 Montana natural gas transportation 
 0.9 (0.2) 0.7 Non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs 
 0.6 (0.2) 0.4 Natural gas retail volumes 
 (0.3) 0.1 (0.2) Production tax credits, offset within income tax benefit 
 (0.2) 0.2 Other (1.2) 0.3 (0.9) Variance in expense items (2) impacting net income: 
 Operating, maintenance, and administrative 
 (5.5) 1.4 (4.1) Depreciation 
 (4.8) 1.2 (3.6) Interest expense 
 (4.7) 1.2 (3.5) Property and other taxes not recoverable within trackers (1.9) 0.5 (1.4) Gas repairs safe harbor method change 
 7.0 7.0 Other 1.5 0.6 2.1 Third Quarter, 2024 43.6 3.2 46.8 Change in Net Income 17.5 
 (1) Exclusive of depreciation and depletion shown separately below 
 (2) Excluding fuel, purchased supply, and direct transmission expense 
 (3) Income tax expense calculation on reconciling items assumes a blended federal plus state effective tax rate of 25.3 percent. 

Consolidated net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 46.8 million as compared with 29.3 million for the same period in 2023. This increase was primarily due to new base rates in Montana and South Dakota, electric transmission revenues, electric retail volumes, Montana property tax tracker collections, lower non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs, and an income tax benefit from a change to the gas repairs safe harbor method. These were offset in part by natural gas retail volumes, depreciation, operating, administrative and general costs, and interest expense. 

SIGNIFICANT TRENDS AND REGULATION 
 
 Refer to the NorthWestern Energy Group Annual Report on the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for disclosure of the significant trends and regulations that could have a significant impact on our business. These significant trends and regulations have not changed materially since such disclosure, except as follows: 
 
 Yellowstone County 175 MW plant 
 
 Construction of the new generation facility was substantially completed and the plant placed in service in October 2024. The lawsuit challenging the YCGS air quality permit, which required us to suspend construction activities for a period of time, as well as additional related legal and construction challenges, delayed the project timing and have increased costs. As of September 30, 2024, total costs of approximately 305.6 million have been incurred, with expected total costs of approximately 
 25 

310.0 million to 320.0 million. See Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information regarding legal challenges impacting YCGS. 
 
 Regulatory Update 
 
 Rate reviews are necessary to recover the cost of providing safe, reliable service, while contributing to earnings growth and achieving our financial objectives. We regularly review the need for electric and natural gas rate relief in each state in which we provide service. Our ongoing rate review activity includes the following: 
 
 Montana Rate Review - In July 2024, we filed a Montana electric and natural gas rate review with the MPSC. The filing requests a base rate annual revenue increase of 156.5 million 69.4 million net with Property Tax and PCCAM tracker adjustments) for electric and 28.6 million for natural gas. Our request is based on a return on equity of 10.80 percent with a capital structure including 46.81 percent equity, and forecasted 2024 electric and natural gas rate base of 3.45 billion and 731.9 million, respectively. The electric rate base investment includes the 175-megawatt natural gas-fired Yellowstone County Generating Station, which was placed in service in October 2024. 
 
 Our filing included a request for interim base rates to be effective October 1, 2024. Implementation of interim base rates, if any, has been delayed beyond our requested effective date as the MPSC has not yet made a decision on the interim rate request. 
 
 The MPSC has developed its procedural schedule for our rate review request including a hearing scheduled to commence on April 22, 2025. If a final order is not received by May 23, 2025, which is 270 days from acceptance of our filing, we intend to implement, as permitted by the MPSC regulations, our requested rates, which will be subject to refund, until a final order is received. 
 
 South Dakota Natural Gas Rate Review - In June 2024, we filed a natural gas rate review with the South Dakota Public Utilities Commission. The filing requests a base rate annual revenue increase of 6.0 million. Our request is based on a return on equity of 10.70 percent, a capital structure including 53.13 percent equity, and rate base of 95.6 million. If a final order is not received by December 21, 2024, interim base rates may go into effect. 
 
 Nebraska Natural Gas Rate Review - In June 2024, we filed a natural gas rate review with the NPSC. The filing requests a base rate annual revenue increase of 3.6 million. Our request is based on a return on equity of 10.70 percent, a capital structure including 53.13 percent equity, and rate base of 47.4 million. Interim rates, which increased base natural gas rates 2.3 million, were implemented on October 1, 2024. Interim rates will remain in effect on a refundable basis until the NPSC issues a final order. 
 
 EPA Rules 
 
 On April 25, 2024, the EPA released GHG Rules for existing coal-fired facilities and new coal and natural gas-fired facilities as well as MATS Rules. Compliance with the rules will require expensive upgrades at Colstrip Units 3 and 4 with proposed compliance dates that may not be achievable and / or require technology that is unproven, resulting in significant impacts to costs of the facilities. The final MATS and GHG Rules require compliance as early as 2027 and 2032, respectively. See Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information regarding these rules. 
 
 Acquisition of Energy West Montana Assets 
 
 On July 29, 2024, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Hope Utilities to acquire its Energy West natural gas utility distribution system and operations serving approximately 33,000 customers located near Great Falls, Cut Bank, and West Yellowstone, Montana for approximately 39.0 million in cash, subject to certain working capital and other agreed upon closing adjustments. The transaction is subject to a number of customary closing conditions, including MPSC approval, and we expect the acquisition to be completed by the end of the first quarter of 2025. 
 
 Colstrip - Puget Sound Energy Transaction 
 
 On July 30, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement (the Agreement) with Puget Sound Energy (Puget) to acquire Puget's 25 percent interest in each of Units 3 and 4 (collectively representing 370 megawatts) at the Colstrip Generating Station for 0. The acquisition would be effective December 31, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of the closing conditions contained within the Agreement. Under the terms of the Agreement, we will be responsible for operating costs starting on January 1, 2026; while Puget will retain responsibility for its pre-closing share of environmental and pension liabilities attributed to events or conditions existing prior to the closing of the transaction and for any future decommission and demolition costs associated with the existing facilities that comprise Puget's interest. The Agreement is subject to customary conditions and approvals. The 
 26 

ultimate amount of Puget's ownership interest we acquire is contingent on a right-of-first-refusal held by other Colstrip owners which, if exercised prior to expiration in fourth quarter 2024, would reduce our acquired interest proportionately. 
 
 Acquisition of Puget s entire ownership interest, in addition to the previously disclosed acquisition of Avista s 15 percent interest in each of Colstrip Units 3 and 4 (collectively representing 222 megawatts), would result in our ownership of 55 percent of the facility with the ability to guide operating and maintenance investments. This provides capacity to help us meet our obligation to provide reliable and cost effective power to our customers in Montana, while allowing opportunity for us to identify and plan for newer lower or no-carbon technologies in the future. 
 
 Regional Transmission Development Activities 
 
 In August 2024, the U.S. Department of Energy awarded a 700.0 million grant through the Grid Resilience and Innovation Partnership (GRIP) program to advance the North Plains Connector (NPC) Consortium project. The 415-mile, high-voltage direct-current transmission line is intended to connect Montana's Colstrip substation, of which we are the operator and a joint owner, to central North Dakota, bridging the eastern and western U.S. energy grids. The NPC Consortium includes potential upgrades to our jointly owned Colstrip Transmission System and 70.0 million of the award is earmarked for the Colstrip Transmission System Upgrade. The NPC project, estimated to be a 3.6 billion investment, aims to enhance grid reliability, support renewable energy integration, and provide additional capacity across multiple states. We collaborated with Grid United, the Montana Department of Commerce, and other regional utilities on the successful GRIP grant application. The project is a critical infrastructure investment that aligns with our commitment to providing reliable and affordable energy to our customers while also supporting broader grid resilience efforts in the region. In addition to the Colstrip Transmission System Upgrade, we are considering an investment in NPC and are engaged in regional transmission development activities. 
 27 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Our consolidated results include the results of our divisions and subsidiaries constituting each of our business segments. The overall consolidated discussion is followed by a detailed discussion of utility margin by segment. 
 
 Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
 
 Our revenues may fluctuate substantially with changes in supply costs, which are generally collected in rates from customers. In addition, various regulatory agencies approve the prices for electric and natural gas utility service within their respective jurisdictions and regulate our ability to recover costs from customers. 
 
 Revenues are also impacted by customer growth and usage, the latter of which is primarily affected by weather and the impact of energy efficiency initiatives and investment. Very cold winters increase demand for natural gas and to a lesser extent, electricity, while warmer than normal summers increase demand for electricity, especially among our residential and commercial customers. We measure this effect using degree-days, which is the difference between the average daily actual temperature and a baseline temperature of 65 degrees. Heating degree-days result when the average daily temperature is less than the baseline. Cooling degree-days result when the average daily temperature is greater than the baseline. The statistical weather information in our regulated segments represents a comparison of this data. 
 
 Fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expenses are costs directly associated with the generation and procurement of electricity and natural gas. These costs are generally collected in rates from customers and may fluctuate substantially with market prices and customer usage. 
 
 Operating and maintenance expenses are costs associated with the ongoing operation of our vertically-integrated utility facilities which provide electric and natural gas utility products and services to our customers. Among the most significant of these costs are those associated with direct labor and supervision, repair and maintenance expenses, and contract services. These costs are normally fairly stable across broad volume ranges and therefore do not normally increase or decrease significantly in the short term with increases or decreases in volumes. 
 
 OVERALL CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Consolidated net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 46.8 million as compared with 29.3 million for the same period in 2023. This increase was primarily due to new base rates in Montana and South Dakota, electric transmission revenues, electric retail volumes, Montana property tax tracker collections, lower non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs, and a income tax benefit from a change to the gas repairs safe harbor method. These were offset in part by natural gas retail volumes, depreciation, operating, administrative and general costs, and interest expense. 
 
 Consolidated gross margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 102.8 million as compared with 83.5 million in 2023, an increase of 19.3 million, or 23.1 percent. This increase was primarily due to new base rates in Montana and South Dakota, electric transmission revenues, electric retail volumes, Montana property tax tracker collections, and lower non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs. These were offset in part by natural gas retail volumes, depreciation, and operating and maintenance costs. 
 28 

Electric Natural Gas Total 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Reconciliation of gross margin to utility margin: Operating Revenues 306.5 280.0 38.7 41.1 345.2 321.1 Less: Fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense (exclusive of depreciation and depletion shown separately below) 80.8 78.0 7.1 10.9 87.9 88.9 Less: Operating and maintenance 42.5 40.0 13.4 13.2 55.9 53.2 Less: Property and other taxes 32.3 33.7 9.3 9.6 41.6 43.3 Less: Depreciation and depletion 47.6 43.3 9.4 8.9 57.0 52.2 Gross Margin 103.3 85.0 (0.5) (1.5) 102.8 83.5 Operating and maintenance 42.5 40.0 13.4 13.2 55.9 53.2 Property and other taxes 32.3 33.7 9.3 9.6 41.6 43.3 Depreciation and depletion 47.6 43.3 9.4 8.9 57.0 52.2 Utility Margin (1) 
 225.7 202.0 31.6 30.2 257.3 232.2 
 (1) Non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measure above. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (dollars in millions) Utility Margin Electric 225.7 202.0 23.7 11.7 Natural Gas 31.6 30.2 1.4 4.6 Total Utility Margin (1) 
 257.3 232.2 25.1 10.8 
 (1) Non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measure above. 
 
 Consolidated utility margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 257.3 million as compared with 232.2 million for the same period in 2023, an increase of 25.1 million, or 10.8 percent. Primary components of the change in utility margin include the following (in millions): 
 Utility Margin 2024 vs. 2023 Utility Margin Items Impacting Net Income Base rates 
 17.2 Transmission revenue due to market conditions and rates 
 5.9 Electric retail volumes 
 3.6 Montana property tax tracker collections 1.5 Montana natural gas transportation 
 0.9 Non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs 
 0.6 Natural gas retail volumes 
 (0.3) Other (1.2) Change in Utility Margin Items Impacting Net Income 28.2 Utility Margin Items Offset Within Net Income Property and other taxes recovered in revenue, offset in property and other taxes 
 (2.0) Operating expenses recovered in revenue, offset in operating and maintenance expense 
 (0.9) Production tax credits, offset in income tax expense 
 (0.2) Change in Utility Margin Items Offset Within Net Income (3.1) Increase in Consolidated Utility Margin (1) 
 25.1 
 29 

(1) Non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measure above. 
 
 Higher electric retail volumes were driven by favorable weather in Montana impacting residential demand, higher commercial and industrial demand, and customer growth in all jurisdictions, partly offset by unfavorable weather in South Dakota impacting residential demand. Lower natural gas retail volumes were driven by unfavorable weather in Montana partly offset by customer growth in all jurisdictions. 
 
 Under the PCCAM, net supply costs higher or lower than the PCCAM base rate (PCCAM Base) (excluding qualifying facility (QF) costs) are allocated 90 percent to Montana customers and 10 percent to shareholders. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we over-collected supply costs of 5.9 million resulting in a reduction to our under collection of costs, and recorded an increase in pre-tax earnings of 0.7 million (10 percent of the PCCAM Base cost variance). For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we over-collected supply costs of 1.0 million resulting in a reduction to our under collection of costs, and recorded an increase in pre-tax earnings of 0.1 million. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (dollars in millions) Operating Expenses (excluding fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense) Operating and maintenance 55.9 53.2 2.7 5.1 Administrative and general 34.9 29.4 5.5 18.7 Property and other taxes 41.6 41.8 (0.2) (0.5) Depreciation and depletion 57.0 52.2 4.8 9.2 Total Operating Expenses (excluding fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense) 189.4 176.6 12.8 7.2 
 30 

Consolidated operating expenses, excluding fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense, were 189.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 176.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Primary components of the change include the following (in millions): 
 Operating Expenses 2024 vs. 2023 Operating Expenses (excluding fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense) Impacting Net Income Depreciation expense due to plant additions and higher depreciation rates 
 4.8 Insurance expense, primarily due to increased wildfire risk premiums 
 3.4 Labor and benefits (1) 
 3.0 Electric generation maintenance 
 1.9 Property and other taxes not recoverable within trackers 1.9 Technology implementation and maintenance expenses 
 (0.1) Partial recovery from previously impaired alternative energy storage investment 
 (0.5) Uncollectible accounts 
 (1.1) Other (1.1) Change in Items Impacting Net Income 12.2 Operating Expenses Offset Within Net Income Property and other taxes recovered in trackers, offset in revenue 
 (2.0) Operating and maintenance expenses recovered in trackers, offset in revenue 
 (0.9) Deferred compensation, offset in other income 
 2.8 Pension and other postretirement benefits, offset in other income (1) 
 0.7 Change in Items Offset Within Net Income 0.6 Increase in Operating Expenses (excluding fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense) 12.8 
 (1) In order to present the total change in labor and benefits, we have included the change in the non-service cost component of our pension and other postretirement benefits, which is recorded within other income on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. This change is offset within this table as it does not affect our operating expenses. 
 
 We estimate property taxes throughout each year, and update those estimates based on valuation reports received from the Montana Department of Revenue. Under Montana law, we are allowed to track the increases and decreases in the actual level of state and local taxes and fees and adjust our rates to recover the increase or decrease between rate cases less the amount allocated to FERC-jurisdictional customers and net of the associated income tax benefit. 
 
 Consolidated operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 67.9 million as compared with 55.6 million in the same period of 2023. This increase was primarily due to new base rates in Montana and South Dakota, electric transmission revenues, electric retail volumes, Montana property tax tracker collections, and lower non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs. These were offset in part by natural gas retail volumes, depreciation, operating, and administrative and general expenses. 
 
 Consolidated interest expense was 33.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared with 28.7 million for the same period of 2023. This increase was due to higher borrowings and interest rates, partly offset by higher capitalization of Allowance for Funds Used During Construction (AFUDC). 
 
 Consolidated other income was 9.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared with 4.1 million for the same period of 2023. This increase was primarily due to higher capitalization of AFUDC, a decrease in the non-service component of pension expense, and an increase in the value of deferred shares held in trust for deferred compensation. 
 
 Consolidated income tax benefit was 3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to income tax expense of 1.7 million for the same period of 2023. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was (7.3) as compared with 5.5 for the same period in 2023. As further discussed in Note 3 - Income Taxes , during the third quarter of 2024 we filed a tax accounting method change with the IRS consistent with the guidance for natural gas transmission 
 31 

and distribution property. This resulted in an income tax benefit of 7.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, related to repair costs that were previously capitalized for tax purposes in the 2022 and prior tax years. 
 
 The following table summarizes the differences between our effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Income Before Income Taxes 43.7 31.0 Income tax calculated at federal statutory rate 9.2 21.0 6.5 21.0 Permanent or flow-through adjustments: State income tax, net of federal provisions 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.4 Gas repairs safe harbor method change (7.0) (16.0) Flow-through repairs deductions (4.6) (10.5) (4.2) (13.5) Production tax credits (2.4) (5.6) (1.3) (4.1) Amortization of excess deferred income tax (0.2) (0.5) (0.3) (1.0) Income tax return to accrual adjustment 0.4 1.3 Plant and depreciation flow-through items 1.8 4.2 0.4 1.2 Other, net (0.1) 0.1 0.2 (12.4) (28.3) (4.8) (15.5) Income tax (benefit) expense (3.2) (7.3) 1.7 5.5 
 
 We compute income tax expense for each quarter based on the estimated annual effective tax rate for the year, adjusted for certain discrete items. Our effective tax rate typically differs from the federal statutory tax rate primarily due to the regulatory impact of flowing through federal and state tax benefits of repairs deductions, state tax benefit of accelerated tax depreciation deductions (including bonus depreciation when applicable) and production tax credits. 

32 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Consolidated net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 143.6 million as compared with 111.0 million for the same period in 2023. This increase was primarily due to new base rates in Montana and South Dakota, electric transmission revenues, Montana property tax tracker collections, electric retail volumes, and an income tax benefit from a change to the gas repairs safe harbor method. These were offset in part by non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs, a less favorable QF liability adjustment in the current year, natural gas retail volumes, depreciation, operating, administrative and general costs, and interest expense. 
 
 Consolidated gross margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 338.3 million as compared with 289.8 million in 2023, an increase of 48.5 million, or 16.7 percent. This increase was primarily due to new base rates in Montana and South Dakota, electric transmission revenues, Montana property tax tracker collections, and electric retail volumes. These were offset in part by non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs, a less favorable QF liability adjustment in the current year, natural gas retail volumes, depreciation, and operating and maintenance costs. 
 
 Electric Natural Gas Total 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Reconciliation of gross margin to utility margin: Operating Revenues 909.8 804.6 230.6 261.5 1,140.4 1,066.1 Less: Fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense (exclusive of depreciation and depletion shown separately below) 257.0 198.5 82.1 123.5 339.1 322.0 Less: Operating and maintenance 126.3 123.8 41.1 40.1 167.4 163.9 Less: Property and other taxes 96.6 103.0 28.4 29.6 125.0 132.6 Less: Depreciation and depletion 142.4 130.5 28.2 27.3 170.6 157.8 Gross Margin 287.5 248.8 50.8 41.0 338.3 289.8 Operating and maintenance 126.3 123.8 41.1 40.1 167.4 163.9 Property and other taxes 96.6 103.0 28.4 29.6 125.0 132.6 Depreciation and depletion 142.4 130.5 28.2 27.3 170.6 157.8 Utility Margin (1) 
 652.8 606.1 148.5 138.0 801.3 744.1 
 (1) Non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measure above. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (dollars in millions) Utility Margin Electric 652.8 606.1 46.7 7.7 Natural Gas 148.5 138.0 10.5 7.6 Total Utility Margin (1) 
 801.3 744.1 57.2 7.7 
 (1) Non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measure above. 
 
 Consolidated utility margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 801.3 million as compared with 744.1 million for the same period in 2023, an increase of 57.2 million, or 7.7 percent. Primary components of the change in utility margin include the following (in millions): 
 33 

Utility Margin 2024 vs. 2023 
 Utility Margin Items Impacting Net Income Base rates 
 53.4 Transmission revenue due to market conditions and rates 13.5 Montana property tax tracker collections (1) 
 4.9 Montana natural gas transportation 
 1.9 Electric retail volumes 
 1.0 QF liability adjustment (4.2) Non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs 
 (3.8) Natural gas retail volumes 
 (2.7) Other 2.4 Change in Utility Margin Items Impacting Net Income 66.4 Utility Margin Items Offset Within Net Income Property and other taxes recovered in revenue, offset in property and other taxes 
 (8.2) Production tax credits, offset in income tax expense 
 (1.5) Operating expenses recovered in revenue, offset in operating and maintenance expense 
 0.5 Change in Utility Margin Items Offset Within Net Income (9.2) Increase in Consolidated Utility Margin (2) 
 57.2 
 (1) In the fourth quarter of 2023, upon receiving the final valuation reports from the Montana Department of Revenue, we recorded a significant reduction in property tax expense. Accordingly, we do not anticipate this year-to-date favorable change to Utility Margin to continue on a full year basis. 
 (2) Non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measure above. 
 
 Under the PCCAM, net supply costs higher or lower than the PCCAM Base (excluding qualifying facility (QF) costs) are allocated 90 percent to Montana customers and 10 percent to shareholders. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we under-collected supply costs of 10.1 million resulting in an increase to our under collection of costs, and recorded a decrease in pre-tax earnings of 1.2 million (10 percent of the PCCAM Base cost variance). For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we over-collected supply costs of 23.5 million resulting in a reduction to our under collection of costs, and recorded an increase in pre-tax earnings of 2.6 million. 
 
 Electric retail volume impact was favorable due to higher residential usage in Montana due to favorable weather, higher industrial volumes, and customer growth, partly offset by lower residential usage due to unfavorable weather in South Dakota, and lower commercial demand. Lower natural gas retail volumes were driven by unfavorable weather in all jurisdictions partly offset by customer growth. 
 
 The adjustment to our electric QF liability (unrecoverable costs associated with PURPA contracts as part of a 2002 stipulation with the MPSC and other parties) reflects a 0.8 million gain in 2024, as compared with a 5.0 million gain for the same period in 2023, as further explained above in the consolidated results of operations for the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (dollars in millions) Operating Expenses (excluding fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense) Operating and maintenance 167.4 163.9 3.5 2.1 Administrative and general 106.7 94.1 12.6 13.4 Property and other taxes 125.0 131.0 (6.0) (4.6) Depreciation and depletion 170.6 157.8 12.8 8.1 Total Operating Expenses (excluding fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense) 569.7 546.8 22.9 4.2 
 34 

Consolidated operating expenses, excluding fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense, were 569.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 546.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Primary components of the change include the following (in millions): 
 Operating Expenses 2024 vs. 2023 
 Operating Expenses (excluding fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense) Impacting Net Income Depreciation expense due to plant additions and higher depreciation rates 
 12.8 Labor and benefits (1) 
 6.4 Insurance expense, primarily due to increased wildfire risk premiums 
 4.4 Litigation outcome (Pacific Northwest Solar) 2.4 Property and other taxes not recoverable within trackers 
 2.2 Non-cash impairment of alternative energy storage investment 1.7 Electric generation maintenance 
 1.3 Technology implementation and maintenance expenses 
 0.5 Uncollectible accounts 
 (2.1) Other (2.4) Change in Items Impacting Net Income 27.2 Operating Expenses Offset Within Net Income Property and other taxes recovered in trackers, offset in revenue 
 (8.2) Deferred compensation, offset in other income 
 2.9 Pension and other postretirement benefits, offset in other income (1) 
 0.5 Operating and maintenance expenses recovered in trackers, offset in revenue 
 0.5 Change in Items Offset Within Net Income (4.3) Increase in Operating Expenses (excluding fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense) 22.9 
 (1) In order to present the total change in labor and benefits, we have included the change in the non-service cost component of our pension and other postretirement benefits, which is recorded within other income on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. This change is offset within this table as it does not affect our operating expenses. 
 
 Consolidated operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 231.6 million as compared with 197.3 million in the same period of 2023. This increase was primarily due to new base rates in Montana and South Dakota, electric transmission revenues, Montana property tax tracker collections, and electric retail volumes. These were offset in part by non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs, a less favorable QF liability adjustment in the current year, natural gas retail volumes, depreciation, operating, and administrative and general costs. 
 
 Consolidated interest expense was 96.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared with 85.1 million for the same period of 2023. This increase was due to higher borrowings and interest rates partly offset by higher capitalization of AFUDC. 
 
 Consolidated other income was 19.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 12.9 million during the same period of 2023. This increase was primarily due a 2.3 million reversal of a previously expensed Community Renewable Energy Project penalty due to a favorable legal ruling, higher capitalization of AFUDC, a decrease in the non-service component of pension expense, and an increase in the value of deferred shares held in trust for deferred compensation, partly offset by a 2.5 million non-cash impairment of an alternative energy storage equity investment. 
 
 Consolidated income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 11.4 million as compared to 14.1 million in the same period of 2023. Our effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 7.4 as compared with 11.3 for the same period in 2023. As further discussed in Note 3 - Income Taxes , during the third quarter of 2024 we filed a tax accounting method change with the IRS consistent with the guidance for natural gas transmission and distribution property. This resulted in an income tax benefit of 7.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, related to repair costs that were previously capitalized for tax purposes in the 2022 and prior tax years. Income tax expense for the nine 
 35 

months ended September 30, 2023 includes a one-time 3.2 million charge for the reduction of previously claimed alternative minimum tax credits. 
 
 The following table summarizes the differences between our effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate (in millions): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Income Before Income Taxes 155.0 125.1 Income tax calculated at federal statutory rate 32.5 21.0 26.3 21.0 Permanent or flow-through adjustments: State income tax, net of federal provisions 0.7 0.5 1.4 1.1 Flow-through repairs deductions (13.8) (8.9) (11.7) (9.4) Production tax credits (7.4) (4.8) (5.6) (4.5) Gas repairs safe harbor method change (7.0) (4.5) Amortization of excess deferred income tax (0.8) (0.5) (1.4) (1.1) Reduction to previously claimed alternative minimum tax credit 3.2 2.5 Income tax return to accrual adjustment 0.4 0.3 Plant and depreciation flow-through items 6.0 3.8 1.2 1.0 Share-based compensation 0.3 0.2 0.4 0.3 Other, net 0.9 0.6 (0.1) 0.1 (21.1) (13.6) (12.2) (9.7) Income tax expense 11.4 7.4 14.1 11.3 
 
 We compute income tax expense for each quarter based on the estimated annual effective tax rate for the year, adjusted for certain discrete items. Our effective tax rate typically differs from the federal statutory tax rate primarily due to the regulatory impact of flowing through federal and state tax benefits of repairs deductions, state tax benefit of accelerated tax depreciation deductions (including bonus depreciation when applicable) and production tax credits. 

36 

ELECTRIC SEGMENT 
 
 We have various classifications of electric revenues, defined as follows: 
 
 Retail: Sales of electricity to residential, commercial and industrial customers, and the impact of regulatory 
 mechanisms. 
 Regulatory amortization: Primarily represents timing differences for electric supply costs and property taxes between when we incur these costs and when we recover these costs in rates from our customers, which is also reflected in fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense and therefore has minimal impact on utility margin. The amortization of these amounts are offset in retail revenue. 
 Transmission: Reflects transmission revenues regulated by the FERC. 
 Wholesale and other are largely utility margin neutral as they are offset by changes in fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues Change Megawatt Hours (MWH) Avg. Customer Counts 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Montana 100,737 96,812 3,925 4.1 685 664 328,962 322,832 South Dakota 19,062 17,951 1,111 6.2 145 151 51,393 51,236 Residential 119,799 114,763 5,036 4.4 830 815 380,355 374,068 Montana 109,655 110,100 (445) (0.4) 830 825 75,857 74,385 South Dakota 30,053 27,474 2,579 9.4 288 289 13,115 12,989 Commercial 139,708 137,574 2,134 1.6 1,118 1,114 88,972 87,374 Industrial 11,852 11,423 429 3.8 726 691 80 79 Other 14,071 13,243 828 6.3 82 71 8,274 8,204 Total Retail Electric 285,430 277,003 8,427 3.0 2,756 2,691 477,681 469,725 Regulatory amortization (6,805) (18,534) 11,729 (63.3) Transmission 25,750 19,847 5,903 29.7 Wholesale and Other 2,103 1,714 389 22.7 Total Revenues 306,478 280,030 26,448 9.4 Fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense (1) 
 80,761 77,995 2,766 3.5 Utility Margin (2) 
 225,717 202,035 23,682 11.7 
 (1) Exclusive of depreciation and depletion. 
 (2) Non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measure above. Also see "Overall Consolidated Results" above for reconciliation of gross margin to utility margin. 

Cooling Degree Days 2024 as compared with: 2024 2023 Historic Average 2023 Historic Average Montana 441 396 385 11 warmer 15 warmer South Dakota 628 744 635 16 cooler 1 cooler Heating Degree Days 2024 as compared with: 
 2024 2023 Historic Average 2023 Historic Average Montana (1) 
 169 190 280 11 warmer 40 warmer South Dakota 39 25 76 56 colder 49 warmer 
 (1) Montana electric and natural gas heating degree days may differ due to differences in service territory. 
 37 

The following summarizes the components of the changes in electric utility margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in millions): 
 Utility Margin 2024 vs. 2023 
 Utility Margin Items Impacting Net Income Base rates 
 15.2 Transmission revenue due to market conditions and rates 5.9 Retail volumes 
 3.6 Montana property tax tracker collections 1.2 Non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs 0.6 Other 0.2 Change in Utility Margin Items Impacting Net Income 26.7 Utility Margin Items Offset Within Net Income Property and other taxes recovered in revenue, offset in property and other taxes 
 (1.9) Operating expenses recovered in revenue, offset in operating and maintenance expense 
 (0.9) Production tax credits, offset in income tax expense 
 (0.2) Change in Utility Margin Items Offset Within Net Income (3.0) Increase in Utility Margin (1) 
 23.7 
 (1) Non-GAAP financial measure. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measure" above. Also see "Overall Consolidated Results" above for reconciliation of gross margin to utility margin. 
 
 Higher electric retail volumes were driven by favorable weather in Montana impacting residential demand, higher commercial and industrial demand, and customer growth in all jurisdictions, partly offset by unfavorable weather in South Dakota impacting residential demand. 
 
 Under the PCCAM, net supply costs higher or lower than the PCCAM base rate (PCCAM Base) (excluding qualifying facility (QF) costs) are allocated 90 percent to Montana customers and 10 percent to shareholders. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we over-collected supply costs of 5.9 million resulting in a reduction to our under collection of costs, and recorded an increase in pre-tax earnings of 0.7 million (10 percent of the PCCAM Base cost variance). For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we over-collected supply costs of 1.0 million resulting in a reduction to our under collection of costs, and recorded an increase in pre-tax earnings of 0.1 million. 
 
 The change in regulatory amortization revenue is primarily due to timing differences between when we incur electric supply costs and property taxes and when we recover these costs in rates from our customers, which has a minimal impact on utility margin. Our wholesale and other revenues are largely utility margin neutral as they are offset by changes in fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expenses. 

38 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues Change Megawatt Hours (MWH) Avg. Customer Counts 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Montana 304,128 306,114 (1,986) (0.6) 2,114 2,103 327,644 321,797 South Dakota 53,764 53,408 356 0.7 435 481 51,395 51,224 Residential 357,892 359,522 (1,630) (0.5) 2,549 2,584 379,039 373,021 Montana 310,813 324,632 (13,819) (4.3) 2,410 2,435 75,712 74,294 South Dakota 84,182 77,736 6,446 8.3 834 834 13,070 12,972 Commercial 394,995 402,368 (7,373) (1.8) 3,244 3,269 88,782 87,266 Industrial 34,803 33,986 817 2.4 2,190 1,961 80 79 Other 27,437 27,229 208 0.8 131 119 6,552 6,483 Total Retail Electric 815,127 823,105 (7,978) (1.0) 8,114 7,933 474,453 466,849 Regulatory amortization 18,637 (80,085) 98,722 (123.3) Transmission 70,573 57,092 13,481 23.6 Wholesale and Other 5,461 4,492 969 21.6 Total Revenues 909,798 804,604 105,194 13.1 Fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense (1) 
 256,989 198,492 58,497 29.5 Utility Margin (2) 
 652,809 606,112 46,697 7.7 
 (1) Exclusive of depreciation and depletion. 
 (2) Non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measure above. Also see "Overall Consolidated Results" above for reconciliation of gross margin to utility margin. 
 
 Cooling Degree Days 2024 as compared with: 
 2024 2023 Historic Average 2023 Historic Average Montana (1) 
 484 440 447 10 warmer 8 warmer South Dakota 682 945 707 28 cooler 4 cooler 
 Heating Degree Days 2024 as compared with: 
 2024 2023 Historic Average 2023 Historic Average Montana (1) 
 4,661 4,746 4,755 2 warmer 2 warmer South Dakota 4,847 5,982 5,730 19 warmer 15 warmer 
 (1) Montana electric and natural gas heating degree days may differ due to differences in service territory. 
 39 

The following summarizes the components of the changes in electric utility margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in millions): 
 Utility Margin 2024 vs. 2023 
 Utility Margin Items Impacting Net Income Base rates 
 43.2 Transmission revenue due to market conditions and rates 13.5 Montana property tax tracker collections 3.9 Retail volumes 
 1.0 QF liability adjustment (4.2) Non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs 
 (3.8) Other 1.6 Change in Utility Margin Items Impacting Net Income 55.2 Utility Margin Items Offset Within Net Income Property and other taxes recovered in revenue, offset in property and other taxes 
 (7.5) Production tax credits, offset in income tax expense 
 (1.5) Operating expenses recovered in revenue, offset in operating and maintenance expense 
 0.5 Change in Utility Margin Items Offset Within Net Income (8.5) Increase in Utility Margin (1) 
 46.7 
 (1) Non-GAAP financial measure. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measure" above. Also see "Overall Consolidated Results" above for reconciliation of gross margin to utility margin. 
 
 Electric retail volume impact was favorable due to higher residential usage in Montana due to favorable weather, higher industrial volumes, and customer growth, partly offset by lower residential usage in South Dakota due to unfavorable weather, and lower commercial demand. 
 
 Under the PCCAM, net supply costs higher or lower than the PCCAM Base (excluding qualifying facility (QF) costs) are allocated 90 percent to Montana customers and 10 percent to shareholders. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we under-collected supply costs of 10.1 million resulting in an increase to our under collection of costs, and recorded a decrease in pre-tax earnings of 1.2 million (10 percent of the PCCAM Base cost variance). For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we over-collected supply costs of 23.5 million resulting in a reduction to our under collection of costs, and recorded an increase in pre-tax earnings of 2.6 million. 
 
 The adjustment to our electric QF liability (unrecoverable costs associated with PURPA contracts as part of a 2002 stipulation with the MPSC and other parties) reflects a 0.8 million gain in 2024, as compared with a 5.0 million gain for the same period in 2023, as further explained above in the consolidated results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The change in regulatory amortization revenue is due to timing differences between when we incur electric supply costs and when we recover these costs in rates from our customers, which has a minimal impact on utility margin. Our wholesale and other revenues are largely utility margin neutral as they are offset by changes in fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expenses. 
 
 40 

NATURAL GAS SEGMENT 
 
 We have various classifications of natural gas revenues, defined as follows: 
 
 Retail: Sales of natural gas to residential, commercial and industrial customers, and the impact of regulatory mechanisms. 
 Regulatory amortization: Primarily represents timing differences for natural gas supply costs and property taxes between when we incur these costs and when we recover these costs in rates from our customers, which is also reflected in fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expenses and therefore has minimal impact on utility margin. The amortization of these amounts are offset in retail revenue. 
 Wholesale: Primarily represents transportation and storage for others. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues Change Dekatherms (Dkt) Avg. Customer Counts 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Montana 8,422 9,603 (1,181) (12.3) 739 825 185,578 183,586 South Dakota 1,745 1,987 (242) (12.2) 108 102 42,389 41,821 Nebraska 1,791 2,251 (460) (20.4) 143 138 37,834 37,580 Residential 11,958 13,841 (1,883) (13.6) 990 1,065 265,801 262,987 Montana 6,190 6,136 54 0.9 609 622 26,094 25,657 South Dakota 1,262 1,498 (236) (15.8) 225 208 7,336 7,184 Nebraska 795 1,291 (496) (38.4) 134 142 5,009 4,970 Commercial 8,247 8,925 (678) (7.6) 968 972 38,439 37,811 Industrial 115 106 9 8.5 15 13 238 231 Other 169 160 9 5.6 23 19 196 191 Total Retail Gas 20,489 23,032 (2,543) (11.0) 1,996 2,069 304,674 301,220 Regulatory amortization 8,025 7,458 567 (7.6) Wholesale and other 10,169 10,570 (401) (3.8) Total Revenues 38,683 41,060 (2,377) (5.8) Fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense (1) 
 7,127 10,948 (3,821) (34.9) Utility Margin (2) 
 31,556 30,112 1,444 4.8 
 (1) Exclusive of depreciation and depletion. 
 (2) Non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measure above. Also see "Overall Consolidated Results" above for reconciliation of gross margin to utility margin. 
 
 Heating Degree Days 2024 as compared with: 
 2024 2023 Historic Average 2023 Historic Average Montana (1) 
 203 226 319 10 warmer 36 warmer South Dakota 39 25 76 56 colder 49 warmer Nebraska 7 15 33 53 warmer 79 warmer 
 (1) Montana electric and natural gas heating degree days may differ due to differences in service territory. 
 
 41 

The following summarizes the components of the changes in natural gas utility margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Utility Margin 2024 vs. 2023 
 (in millions) Utility Margin Items Impacting Net Income Base rates 
 2.0 Montana natural gas transportation 
 0.9 Montana property tax tracker collections 0.3 Retail volumes 
 (0.3) Other (1.4) Change in Utility Margin Items Impacting Net Income 1.5 Utility Margin Items Offset Within Net Income Property and other taxes recovered in revenue, offset in property and other taxes 
 (0.1) Change in Utility Margin Items Offset Within Net Income (0.1) Increase in Utility Margin (1) 
 1.4 
 (1) Non-GAAP financial measure. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measure" above. Also see "Overall Consolidated Results" above for reconciliation of gross margin to utility margin. 
 
 Lower retail volumes were driven by unfavorable weather in Montana partly offset by customer growth in all jurisdictions. 

42 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues Change Dekatherms (Dkt) Avg. Customer Counts 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Montana 75,933 94,074 (18,141) (19.3) 9,220 9,206 185,412 183,584 South Dakota 21,244 30,297 (9,053) (29.9) 2,113 2,557 42,477 41,962 Nebraska 16,106 30,221 (14,115) (46.7) 1,812 2,053 37,924 37,752 Residential 113,283 154,592 (41,309) (26.7) 13,145 13,816 265,813 263,298 Montana 42,016 52,393 (10,377) (19.8) 5,307 5,456 26,112 25,679 South Dakota 14,283 21,289 (7,006) (32.9) 2,139 2,385 7,353 7,218 Nebraska 8,982 19,119 (10,137) (53.0) 1,328 1,528 5,045 5,017 Commercial 65,281 92,801 (27,520) (29.7) 8,774 9,369 38,510 37,914 Industrial 703 995 (292) (29.3) 98 107 237 231 Other 1,036 1,282 (246) (19.2) 156 155 196 189 Total Retail Gas 180,303 249,670 (69,367) (27.8) 22,173 23,447 304,756 301,632 Regulatory amortization 18,686 (21,312) 39,998 (187.7) Wholesale and other 31,645 33,172 (1,527) (4.6) Total Revenues 230,634 261,530 (30,896) (11.8) Fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense (1) 
 82,100 123,521 (41,421) (33.5) Utility Margin (2) 
 148,534 138,009 10,525 7.6 
 (1) Exclusive of depreciation and depletion. 
 (2) Non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measure above. Also see "Overall Consolidated Results" above for reconciliation of gross margin to utility margin. 
 
 Heating Degree Days 2024 as compared with: 
 2024 2023 Historic Average 2023 Historic Average Montana (1) 
 4,792 4,855 4,854 1 warmer 1 warmer South Dakota 4,847 5,982 5,730 19 warmer 15 warmer Nebraska 3,985 4,521 4,501 12 warmer 11 warmer 
 (1) Montana electric and natural gas heating degree days may differ due to differences in service territory. 
 
 43 

The following summarizes the components of the changes in natural gas utility margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Utility Margin 2024 vs. 2023 
 (in millions) Utility Margin Items Impacting Net Income Base rates 
 10.2 Montana natural gas transportation 
 1.9 Montana property tax tracker collections 1.0 Retail volumes 
 (2.7) Other 0.8 Change in Utility Margin Items Impacting Net Income 11.2 Utility Margin Items Offset Within Net Income Property and other taxes recovered in revenue, offset in property tax expense (0.7) Change in Utility Margin Items Offset Within Net Income (0.7) Increase in Utility Margin (1) 
 10.5 
 (1) Non-GAAP financial measure. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measure" above. Also see "Overall Consolidated Results" above for reconciliation of gross margin to utility margin. 
 
 Lower retail volumes were driven by unfavorable weather in all jurisdictions partly offset by customer growth. 

44 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 We require liquidity to support and grow our business, and use our liquidity for working capital needs, capital expenditures, investments in or acquisitions of assets, and to repay debt. For NorthWestern Energy Group, liquidity is primarily provided through its revolving credit facility and dividends from its utility operating subsidiaries, NW Corp and NWE Public Service. These subsidiaries are subject to certain restrictions that may limit the amount of their dividend distributions. See Note 16 - Common Stock in the NorthWestern Energy Group Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for further information regarding these dividend restrictions. As of September 30, 2024, we are in compliance with these provisions. 
 
 We believe our cash flows from operations, existing borrowing capacity, debt and equity issuances and future utility rate increases should be sufficient to fund our operations, service existing debt, pay dividends, and fund capital expenditures. We plan to maintain a 50 - 55 percent debt to total capital ratio excluding finance leases, and expect to continue targeting a long-term dividend payout ratio of 60 - 70 percent of earnings per share; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to meet these targets. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our total net liquidity was approximately 316.5 million, including 2.5 million of cash and 314.0 million of revolving credit facility availability with no letters of credit outstanding. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated cash flows (in millions): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income 143.6 111.0 Non-cash adjustments to net income 175.3 141.1 Changes in working capital 35.9 194.5 Other noncurrent assets and liabilities (10.9) (19.6) Cash Provided by Operating Activities 343.9 427.0 Investing Activities Property, plant and equipment additions (400.5) (407.2) Investment in equity securities (4.6) (3.8) Cash Used in Investing Activities (405.1) (411.0) Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net 73.6 Issuance of long-term debt 215.0 300.0 Issuances of short-term borrowings 100.0 Line of credit repayments, net (32.0) (273.0) Repayments on long-term debt (100.0) Dividends on common stock (118.9) (115.0) Other financing activities, net (0.2) (2.4) Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 63.9 (16.8) Increase (decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 2.7 (0.8) Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash, beginning of period 25.2 22.5 Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash, end of period 27.9 21.7 
 
 Operating Activities 
 45 

As of September 30, 2024, cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash were 27.9 million as compared with 25.2 million as of December 31, 2023 and 21.7 million as of September 30, 2023. Cash provided by operating activities totaled 343.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared with 427.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As shown in the table below, this decrease in operating cash flows is primarily due to significant net cash inflows in the prior period from the recovery of previously under-collected energy supply costs, compared to minimal net cash inflows for energy supply costs in the current period due to the timely recovery of energy supply costs. 
 
 Uncollected energy supply costs (in millions) Beginning of period End of period Net cash inflows (outflows) 2023 115.4 16.6 98.8 2024 7.8 1.8 6.0 Decrease in net cash inflows (92.8) 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities totaled 405.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 411.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Plant additions during the first nine months of 2024 include maintenance additions of approximately 216.5 million and capacity related capital expenditures of 184.0 million. Plant additions during the first nine months of 2023 included maintenance additions of approximately 235.0 million and capacity related capital expenditures of approximately 172.2 million. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities totaled 63.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with cash used in financing activities of 16.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by financing activities reflects proceeds from the issuance of debt of 215.0 million and short-term borrowings of 100.0 million, partly offset by payment of dividends of 118.9 million, repayment of 1.00 percent, 100.0 million of Montana First Mortgage Bonds, and net repayments under our revolving lines of credit of 32.0 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash used in financing activities reflects net repayments under our revolving lines of credit of 273.0 million and payment of dividends of 115.0 million, partly offset by proceeds from the issuance of debt of 300.0 million and proceeds received from the issuance of common stock of 73.6 million. 
 
 Cash Requirements and Capital Resources 
 
 We believe our cash flows from operations, existing borrowing capacity, debt and equity issuances and future rate increases should be sufficient to satisfy our material cash requirements over the short-term and the long-term. As a rate-regulated utility our customer rates are generally structured to recover expected operating costs, with an opportunity to earn a return on our invested capital. This structure supports recovery for many of our operating expenses, although there are situations where the timing of our cash outlays results in increased working capital requirements. Due to the seasonality of our utility business, our short-term working capital requirements typically peak during the coldest winter months and warmest summer months when we cover the lag between when purchasing energy supplies and when customers pay for these costs. Our credit facilities may also be utilized for funding cash requirements during seasonally active construction periods, with peak activity during warmer months. Our cash requirements also include a variety of contractual obligations as outlined below in the Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments section. 
 
 Our material cash requirements are also related to investment in our business through our capital expenditure program. Our estimated capital expenditures are discussed in the NorthWestern Energy Group Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 within the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the "Significant Infrastructure Investments and Initiatives" section. As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes in our estimated capital expenditures. The actual amount of capital expenditures is subject to certain factors including the impact that a material change in operations, available financing, supply chain issues, or inflation could impact our current liquidity and ability to fund capital resource requirements. Events such as these could cause us to defer a portion of our planned capital expenditures, as necessary. To fund our strategic growth opportunities, we evaluate the additional capital need in balance with debt capacity and equity issuances that would be intended to allow us to maintain investment grade ratings. 
 
 Credit Facilities 
 46 

Liquidity is generally provided by internal operating cash flows and the use of our unsecured revolving credit facilities. We utilize availability under our revolving credit facilities to manage our cash flows due to the seasonality of our business and to fund capital investment. Cash on hand in excess of current operating requirements is generally used to invest in our business and reduce borrowings. 
 
 For further information on our credit facilities, see Note 10 - Unsecured Credit Facilities in the NorthWestern Energy Group Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023 the outstanding balances of our credit facilities were 286.0 million and 177.0 million, respectively. As of October 25, 2024, the availability under our credit facilities was approximately 335.0 million, and there were no letters of credit outstanding. 
 
 Long-term Debt and Equity 
 
 We generally issue long-term debt to refinance other long-term debt maturities and borrowings under our revolving credit facilities, as well as to fund long-term capital investments and strategic opportunities. 
 
 For further information on our recent long-term debt activity, see Note 5 - Financing Activities to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 We generally issue equity securities to fund long-term investment in our business. We evaluate our equity issuance needs to support our plan to maintain a 50 - 55 percent debt to total capital ratio excluding finance leases. 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 
 In general, less favorable credit ratings make debt financing more costly and more difficult to obtain on terms that are favorable to us and our customers, may impact our trade credit availability, and could result in the need to issue additional equity securities. Fitch Ratings (Fitch), Moody s Investors Service (Moody s), and S P Global Ratings (S P) are independent credit-rating agencies that rate our debt securities. These ratings indicate the agencies assessment of our ability to pay interest and principal when due on our debt. As of October 25, 2024, our current ratings with these agencies are as follows: 
 Issuer Rating Senior Secured Rating Senior Unsecured Rating Outlook NorthWestern Energy Group Fitch (1)(2) 
 BBB - BBB Stable Moody s - - - - S P (2) 
 BBB - - Stable NW Corp Fitch (1)(2) 
 BBB A- BBB+ Stable Moody s (2) 
 Baa2 A3 Baa2 Stable S P (2) 
 BBB A- - Stable NWE Public Service Fitch (1)(2) 
 BBB A- BBB+ Stable Moody s (2) 
 Baa2 A3 - Stable S P (2) 
 BBB A- - Stable 
 (1) This Fitch Issuer Rating represents the Issuer Default Rating. 
 (2) As part of completing the holding company reorganization, NorthWestern Energy Group and NWE Public Service received their credit ratings from these agencies in December 2023. These agencies also affirmed their ratings for NW Corp. 
 
 A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Such rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the credit rating agency and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 
 47 

We have a variety of contractual obligations and other commitments that require payment of cash at certain specified periods. The following table summarizes our contractual cash obligations and commitments as of September 30, 2024. 
 Total 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter (in thousands) Long-term debt (1) 
 2,880,660 300,000 105,000 465,660 2,010,000 Finance leases 6,327 866 3,596 1,865 Short-term borrowings 100,000 100,000 Estimated pension and other postretirement obligations (2) 
 47,785 2,937 11,437 11,137 11,137 11,137 N/A Qualifying facilities liability (3) 
 247,480 18,528 60,360 55,393 56,665 42,400 14,134 Supply and capacity contracts (4) 
 3,279,236 92,481 331,100 294,228 275,410 257,802 2,028,215 Contractual interest payments on debt (5) 
 1,578,806 35,493 125,836 116,651 114,992 112,135 1,073,699 Commitments for significant capital projects (6) 
 34,800 26,817 7,983 Total Commitments (7) 
 8,175,094 177,122 940,312 584,274 458,204 889,134 5,126,048 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Represents cash payments for long-term debt and excludes 12.8 million of debt discounts and debt issuance costs, net. 
 (2) We estimate cash obligations related to our pension and other postretirement benefit programs for five years, as it is not practicable to estimate thereafter. Pension and postretirement benefit estimates reflect our expected cash contribut ions, which may be in excess of minimum funding requirements. 
 (3) Certain QFs require us to purchase minimum amounts of energy at prices ranging from 118 to 130 per MWH through 2029. Our estimated gross contractual obligation related to these QFs is approximately 247.5 million. A portion of the costs incurred to purchase this energy is recoverable through rates authorized by the MPSC, totaling approximately 221.0 million. 
 (4) We have entered into various purchase commitments, largely purchased power, electric transmission, coal and natural gas supply and natural gas transportation contracts. These commitments range from one to 26 years. The energy supply costs incurred under these contracts are generally recoverable through rate mechanisms approved by the MPSC. 
 (5) Contractual interest payments include our revolving credit facilities, which have a variable interest rate. We have assumed an average interest rate of 6.19 percent on the outstanding balance through maturity of the facilities. 
 (6) Represents significant firm purchase commitments for construction of planned capital projects. 
 (7) The table above excludes potential tax payments related to uncertain tax positions as they are not practicable to estimate. Additionally, the table above excludes reserves for environmental remediation (See Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies and asset retirement obligations as the amount and timing of cash payments may be uncertain. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that are believed to be proper and reasonable under the circumstances. 
 
 We continually evaluate the appropriateness of our estimates and assumptions. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We consider an estimate to be critical if it is material to the Financial Statements and it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made and changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. This includes the accounting for the following: regulatory assets and liabilities, pension and postretirement benefit plans and income taxes. These policies were disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the NorthWestern Energy Group Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes in these policies. 

48 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are exposed to market risks, including, but not limited to, interest rates, energy commodity price volatility, and counterparty credit exposure. We have established comprehensive risk management policies and procedures to manage these market risks. There have been no material changes in our market risks as disclosed in the NorthWestern Energy Group Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . 

49 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We have established disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and accumulated and reported to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 We conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

50 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 See Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies , to the Financial Statements for information regarding legal proceedings. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Refer to the NorthWestern Energy Group Annual Report on the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for disclosure of the risk factors that could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows and could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in our reports filed with the SEC (including this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q), and elsewhere. These risk factors have not changed materially since such disclosure. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Plans 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading agreement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading agreement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 51 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS - 
 
 (a) Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit 2.1 Colstrip Units 3 4 Interests Abandonment and Acquisition Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2024 by and between Northwestern Corporation and Puget Sound Energy Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated July 30, 2024 Commission File No. 000-56598). 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 Certification of chief executive officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc. 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 Certification of chief financial officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc. 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 Certification of chief executive officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc. 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 Certification of chief financial officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc. 
 
 Exhibit 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 Exhibit 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Exhibit 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Exhibit 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Exhibit 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Exhibit 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 52 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc. Date: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ CRYSTAL LAIL Crystal Lail Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 53 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311certificationq32024.htm
 EX-31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 C ERTIFICATION 
 I, Brian B. Bird, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 October 29, 2024 s BRIAN B. BIRD Brian B. Bird President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312certificationq32024.htm
 EX-31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 C ERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Crystal Lail, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 October 29, 2024 s CRYSTAL LAIL Crystal Lail Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321certificationq32024.htm
 EX-32.1 CERT BRIAN B. BIRD PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brian B. Bird, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 October 29, 2024 s BRIAN B. BIRD Brian B. Bird President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex322certificationq32024.htm
 EX-32.2 CERT OF CRYSTAL LAIL PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 NWE GROUP INC.

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Crystal Lail, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 October 29, 2024 s CRYSTAL LAIL Crystal Lail Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nwe-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nwe-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nwe-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nwe-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nwe-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

