<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_795403_0001558370-24-014022.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11561982</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>122174</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1400401</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4687171</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1737888</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3239311</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-014022.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031111737
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-014022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WATTS WATER TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000795403
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FABRICATED METAL PRODUCTS [3490]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				042916536
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11499
		FILM NUMBER:		241413299

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		815 CHESTNUT ST
		CITY:			NORTH ANDOVER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01845
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9786881811

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		815 CHESTNUT STREET
		CITY:			NORTH ANDOVER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01845

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WATTS INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-014022.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 wts-20240929x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the quarterly period ended or Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number WATTS WATER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class Outstanding at October 27, 2024 Class A Common Stock, 0.10 par value Class B Common Stock, 0.10 par value 

Table of Contents 
 WATTS WATER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX 

Part I. Financial Information 3 Item 1. Financial Statements 3 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (unaudited) 3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Third Quarters and Nine Months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 (unaudited) 4 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Third Quarters and Nine Months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 (unaudited) 5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Third Quarters and Nine Months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 (unaudited) 6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 (unaudited) 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 25 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 36 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 37 Part II. Other Information 38 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 38 Item 1A. Risk Factors 38 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 39 Item 5. Other Information 40 Item 6. Exhibits 41 Signatures 42 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. Financial Statements WATTS WATER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Amounts in millions, except share information) (Unaudited) 

September 29, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, less reserve allowances of million at September 29, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023 Inventories, net: Raw materials Work in process Finished goods Total Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Current Assets PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Property, plant and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net OTHER ASSETS: Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other, net TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Accrued compensation and benefits Total Current Liabilities LONG-TERM DEBT DEFERRED INCOME TAXES OTHER NONCURRENT LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; vote per share; issued and outstanding , shares at September 29, 2024 and shares at December 31, 2023 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; votes per share; issued and outstanding , shares at September 29, 2024 and shares at December 31, 2023 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Stockholders Equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 WATTS WATER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Amounts in millions, except per share information) (Unaudited) 

Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 29, September 24, September 29, September 24, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of goods sold GROSS PROFIT Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring OPERATING INCOME Other (income) expense: Interest income ) ) ) ) Interest expense Other (income) expense, net ) ) ) Total other expense (income) ) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES Provision for income taxes NET INCOME Basic EPS NET INCOME PER SHARE Weighted average number of shares Diluted EPS NET INCOME PER SHARE Weighted average number of shares Dividends declared per share See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 WATTS WATER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Amounts in millions) (Unaudited) 

Third Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended September 29, September 24, September 29, September 24, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Cash flow hedges ) ) ) Defined benefit pension plan, net of tax: Pension settlement ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 WATTS WATER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Dollars in millions) (Unaudited) 

Accumulated Class A Class B Additional Other Total (For the nine months ended Common Stock Common Stock Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Stockholders September 29, 2024) Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Earnings Loss Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Shares of Class B common stock converted to Class A common stock ) Shares of Class A common stock issued upon the exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Stock repurchase ) ) ) Net change in restricted and performance stock units ) ) Common stock dividends ) ) Balance at September 29, 2024 ) Accumulated Class A Class B Additional Other Total (For the third quarter ended Common Stock Common Stock Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Stockholders September 29, 2024) Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Earnings Loss Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Shares of Class B common stock converted to Class A common stock Shares of Class A common stock issued upon the exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Stock repurchase ) ) ) Net change in restricted and performance stock units Common stock dividends ) ) Balance at September 29, 2024 ) 

 6 

Table of Contents 

Accumulated Class A Class B Additional Other Total (For the nine months ended Common Stock Common Stock Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Stockholders September 24, 2023) Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Earnings Loss Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive income Shares of Class A common stock issued upon the exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Stock repurchase ) ) ) Net change in restricted and performance stock units ) ) Common stock dividends ) ) Balance at September 24, 2023 ) Accumulated Class A Class B Additional Other Total (For the third quarter ended Common Stock Common Stock Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Stockholders September 24, 2023) Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Earnings Loss Equity Balance at June 25, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive income Shares of Class A common stock issued upon the exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Stock repurchase ) ) ) Net change in restricted and performance stock units ) ) Common stock dividends ) ) Balance at September 24, 2023 ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 WATTS WATER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Amounts in millions) (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 29, September 24, 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangibles (Gain) on sale of assets, loss on disposal, impairment of long-lived asset and other ) Stock-based compensation Deferred income tax ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from business acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Other investing activity Net cash used in investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from long-term borrowings Payments of long-term debt ) ) Payments for debt issuance costs ) Payments for withholding taxes on vested awards ) ) Payments for finance leases and other ) ) Proceeds from share transactions under employee stock plans Payments to repurchase common stock ) ) Dividends ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURE: Acquisition of businesses: Fair value of assets acquired Cash paid, net of cash acquired Liabilities assumed Issuance of stock under management stock purchase plan CASH PAID FOR: Interest Income taxes See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 WATTS WATER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) million and million for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and were million and million for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. million and million for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and were million and million for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 , the Company has designed and produced valve systems that safeguard and regulate water systems, energy efficient heating and hydronic systems, drainage systems and water filtration technology that helps purify and conserve water. The Company distributes products through primary distribution channels: wholesale, original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), specialty, and do-it-yourself DIY ). The Company operates in geographic segments: Americas, Europe, and Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa APMEA ). Each of these segments sells similar products, which consist of the following principal product categories: Residential commercial flow control and protection includes products and solutions typically sold into plumbing and hot water applications such as backflow preventers, water pressure regulators, temperature and pressure relief valves, thermostatic mixing valves, leak detection and protection products, commercial washroom solutions and emergency safety products and equipment. Many of our flow control and protection products are now smart and connected enabled, warning of leaks, floods, freezing temperatures and other hazards with alerts to Building Management Systems BMS and/or personal devices giving our customers greater insight into their water management and the ability to shut off the water supply to avoid waste and mitigate damage. Heating, ventilation and air conditioning HVAC gas includes commercial high-efficiency boilers, water heaters and custom heat and hot water solutions, hydronic and electric heating systems for under-floor radiant applications, hydronic pump groups for boiler manufacturers and alternative energy control packages, and flexible stainless steel connectors for natural and liquid propane gas in commercial food service and residential applications. Most of our HVAC products and solutions feature advanced controls enabling customers to easily connect to the BMS for better monitoring, control and operation. Drainage water re - use includes drainage products and engineered rain water harvesting solutions for commercial, industrial, marine and residential applications, including connected roof drain systems. Water quality includes point-of-use and point-of-entry water filtration, monitoring, conditioning and scale prevention systems for commercial, marine and residential applications. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 OEM Specialty DIY Total For the Third Quarter Ended September 29, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 (in millions) (in millions) Principal Product Category Americas Europe APMEA Consolidated Americas Europe APMEA Consolidated Residential Commercial Flow Control HVAC and Gas Products Drainage and Water Re-use Products Water Quality Products Total 

For the Third Quarter Ended September 24, 2023 For the Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 (in millions) (in millions) Distribution Channel Americas Europe APMEA Consolidated Americas Europe APMEA Consolidated Wholesale OEM Specialty DIY Total For the Third Quarter Ended September 24, 2023 For the Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 (in millions) (in millions) Principal Product Category Americas Europe APMEA Consolidated Americas Europe APMEA Consolidated Residential Commercial Flow Control HVAC and Gas Products Drainage and Water Re-use Products Water Quality Products Total The Company generally considers customer purchase orders, which in some cases are governed by master sales agreements, to represent the contract with a customer. The Company s contracts with customers are generally for products only and typically do not include other performance obligations such as professional services, extended warranties, or other material rights. In situations where sales are to a distributor, the Company has concluded that its contracts are with the distributor as the Company holds a contract bearing enforceable rights and obligations only with the distributor. As part of its consideration of the contract, the Company evaluates certain factors, including the customer s ability to pay (or credit risk). For each contract, the Company considers the promise to transfer products, each of which is distinct, to be the identified performance obligation. In determining the transaction price, the Company evaluates whether the price is subject to refund or adjustment to determine the net consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled. As the Company s standard payment terms are less than one year, the Company has elected not to assess whether a contract has a significant financing component. The Company allocates the transaction price to each distinct product based on its relative standalone selling price. The product price as specified on the purchase order is 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 . Payments received are deferred and recognized over the policy period. For all periods presented, the revenue recognized and the revenue deferred under these policies are not material to the consolidated financial statements. The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections from the Company s contracts with customers can vary based on the payment terms and conditions in the customer contracts. In limited cases, customers will partially prepay for their goods. In addition, there are constraints which cause variability in the ultimate consideration to be recognized. These constraints typically include early payment discounts, volume rebates, rights of return, cooperative advertising, and market development funds. The Company includes these constraints in the estimated transaction price when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount of variable consideration. These estimates are based on historical experience, anticipated future performance and the Company s best judgment at the time. The Company did not recognize any material revenue from obligations satisfied in prior periods. When the timing of the Company s recognition of revenue is different from the timing of payments made by the customer, the Company recognizes a contract liability (customer payment precedes performance). For all periods presented, the recognized contract liabilities and the associated revenue deferred are not material to the consolidated financial statements. The Company incurs costs to obtain and fulfill a contract; however, the Company has elected to recognize all incremental costs to obtain a contract as an expense when incurred if the amortization period is one year or less. The Company has elected to treat shipping and handling activities performed after the customer has obtained control of the related goods as a fulfillment cost, and the related cost is accrued for in conjunction with the recording of revenue for the goods. million, net of cash acquired of million. The final post-closing working capital adjustment was immaterial and adjusted in the second quarter of 2024, resulting in a final purchase price of million, net of cash acquired. Josam is based in Michigan City, Indiana, and is a leading provider and manufacturer of drainage and plumbing products, serving commercial, industrial, and multi-family end markets for over . Josam s operating results since the date of acquisition are included in the Americas segment. The Company has determined that both the pro-forma and actual results, including Josam s net sales, net income, and earnings per share, are not material to the Company s financial results, and therefore has not included these disclosures. 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 million in goodwill and million in intangible assets. The intangible assets acquired consist of customer relationships valued at million with estimated lives of and the trade name valued at million with an indefinite life. The goodwill is attributable to the workforce of Josam and the portfolio that will allow Watts to extend its product offerings as a result of the acquisition. For tax purposes, the Company accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition and therefore the intangibles and goodwill are deductible for tax purposes resulting in future tax benefits. Trade accounts receivable Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets Goodwill Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Purchase price Bradley On October 23, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of Bradley Corporation following its conversion into Bradley Company, LLC Bradley in a share purchase transaction. The aggregate net purchase price was approximately million, net of cash acquired of million, and was financed by million of borrowings under the Company s Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with the remainder being funded by cash on hand. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company paid an additional million to settle liabilities acquired in the transaction that were considered part of the total purchase price. The post-closing working capital adjustment was finalized and adjusted in the second quarter of 2024, resulting in a million reduction to the purchase price. The adjusted aggregate net purchase price was approximately million, net of cash of million. Bradley is based in Menomonee Falls, WI, and is a provider and manufacturer of commercial washroom and emergency safety products serving commercial (primarily institutional) and industrial end markets for over . Bradley offers a comprehensive product portfolio that includes plumbing fixtures, washroom accessories and emergency safety products to a diverse customer base. Bradley s complementary portfolio will enable the Company to provide its customers with innovative water solutions, as it adds front-of-the-wall applications to its differentiated back-of-the-wall portfolio. The acquisition of Bradley is intended to align with the Company s strategy to enhance its product offerings, drive growth and serve its customers. Bradley s operating results since the date of acquisition are included in the Americas segment. The Company accounted for the transaction as a purchased business combination. During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company performed the preliminary purchase price allocation for the Bradley purchase, with immaterial adjustments expected related to the final working capital adjustment, final intangible asset valuations and deferred tax adjustments. During the first nine months of 2024, the Company completed the purchase price allocation. The changes to the purchase price allocation in the first nine months of 2024 were not material and resulted in the adjusted recognition of million in goodwill and million in intangible assets. The intangible assets acquired consist of customer relationships valued at million with estimated lives of and the trade name valued at million with an indefinite life. The goodwill is attributable to the workforce of Bradley and the strategic platform adjacency that will allow Watts to extend its product offerings as a result of the acquisition. For tax purposes, the Company accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition and therefore the intangibles and goodwill are deductible for tax purposes resulting in future tax benefits. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 Trade accounts receivable Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets Goodwill Accounts payable ) Employee benefits, other ) Other current liabilities ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) Purchase price Supplemental pro-forma information (unaudited) Had the Company completed the acquisition of Bradley at the beginning of 2023, net sales, net income and earnings per share would have been as follows: Net income Net income per share: Basic EPS Diluted EPS Net income for the third quarter and nine months ended September 24, 2023 was adjusted to include million and million, respectively, of net interest expense related to the financing, million and million, respectively, of net amortization expense resulting from the estimated allocation of purchase price to amortizable tangible and intangible assets, and million and million, respectively, of income tax expense to align the effective tax rate. Net income was adjusted to exclude net acquisition-related charges of million and million for the third quarters and nine months ended September 24, 2023, respectively. The pro-forma financial information excludes adjustments for estimated cost synergies or other effects of the integration of Bradley. Net income for the third quarter and nine months ended September 29, 2024 included million pre-tax gain from settlement of Bradley s Pension Plan, and for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 included million of acquisition-related and purchase accounting charges. Enware On March 31, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of the primary business assets of Enware Australia Pty Ltd Enware in an all-cash transaction. Enware is based near Sydney, Australia, and has been a leading supplier for specialty plumbing and safety equipment used in the Australian institutional and commercial end markets since 1937. The acquisition of Enware aligns with the Company s strategy to expand geographically into countries with mature and enforced plumbing codes. Enware is expected to enhance the Company s product offering and channel access into the Australian marketplace. The acquisition of Enware was deemed not to be material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 geographic segments: Americas, Europe, and APMEA. The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by geographic segment are as follows: ) ) ) Europe ) ) APMEA ) ) Total ) ) During the first nine months of 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Josam, resulting in million of goodwill, and adjustments to the purchase price allocation of Bradley, resulting in a million reduction in goodwill, both within the Americas region. The final working capital adjustments for the two acquisitions were completed in the second quarter of 2024. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that they might be impaired, such as from a change in business conditions. The Company performs its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of each year. At the most recent annual impairment test which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company performed qualitative fair value assessments, including an evaluation of certain key assumptions for all of its reporting units with goodwill at the impairment test date. The Company concluded that the fair value of all reporting units tested exceeded their carrying values at that time. Intangible assets include the following: ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Technology ) ) Trade names ) ) Other ) ) Total amortizable intangibles ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets ) ) In the first quarter of 2024, the Company acquired million in intangible assets as part of the Josam acquisition, consisting of customer relationships valued at million, with an estimated useful life of , and an indefinite-lived trade name of million. Aggregate amortization expense for amortized intangible assets for the third quarters ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 was million and million, respectively, and for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 Effect of dilutive securities: Common stock equivalents ) ) Diluted EPS: Net income 

For the Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Income Shares Per Share Income Shares Per Share (Numerator) (Denominator) Amount (Numerator) (Denominator) Amount (Amounts in millions, except per share information) Basic EPS: Net income Effect of dilutive securities: Common stock equivalents ) ) Diluted EPS: Net income There were options to purchase Class A common stock outstanding during the third quarters and nine months ended September 29, 2024 or September 24, 2023 that would have been anti-dilutive. On February 6, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million of the Company s Class A common stock, to be purchased from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. On July 31, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program of up to million of the Company s Class A common stock to be purchased from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The Company has entered into a Rule 10b5-1 plan, which permits shares to be repurchased under both stock repurchase programs when the Company might otherwise be precluded from doing so under insider trading laws. The repurchase programs may be suspended or discontinued at any time, subject to the terms of the Rule 10b5-1 plan the Company entered into with respect to the repurchase programs. The 2019 stock repurchase program was completed in September 2024 after the Company expended the remainder of the million authorized under the program. As of September 29, 2024, there was approximately million remaining authorized for share repurchases under the 2023 repurchase program. For the third quarters ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, the Company repurchased shares for million and shares for million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, the Company repurchased shares for million and shares for million, respectively. and units of deferred stock awards during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company grants shares of deferred stock awards to key employees and stock awards to non-employee members of the Company s Board of Directors under the Third Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 2004 Stock Incentive Plan ). Deferred stock awards to employees typically vest over a period, and stock awards to non-employee members of the Company s Board of Directors vest immediately. 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 . Upon vesting, the number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock awarded to each performance stock unit recipient will be determined based on the Company s performance relative to certain performance goals set at the time the performance stock units were granted. The recipient of a performance stock unit award may earn from shares to twice the number of target shares awarded to such recipient. The performance stock units are amortized to expense over the vesting period and, based on the Company s performance relative to the performance goals, may be adjusted. Changes to the estimated shares expected to vest will result in adjustments to the related share-based compensation expense that will be recorded in the period of change. If the performance goals are not met, no awards are earned and previously recognized compensation expense is reversed. The Company granted and performance stock units during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The performance goals for the performance stock units are based on the compound annual growth rate of the Company s revenue over the performance period and the Company s return on invested capital ROIC for the third year of the performance period. Under the Management Stock Purchase Plan MSPP ), the Company granted and restricted stock units RSUs during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The MSPP allows for the granting of RSUs to key employees. On an annual basis, key employees may elect to receive a portion of their annual incentive compensation in RSUs instead of cash. Participating employees may use up to of their annual incentive bonus to purchase RSUs for a purchase price equal to of the fair market value of the Company s Class A common stock as of the date of grant. RSUs vest either annually over a period from the grant date or upon the third anniversary of the grant date. Receipt of the shares underlying RSUs is deferred for a minimum of , or such greater number of years from the date of the grant as is chosen by the employee. The fair value of the discount of each purchased RSU is estimated on the date of grant, using the Black-Scholes-Merton Model, based on the following weighted average assumptions: Expected stock price volatility Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate The risk-free interest rate is based upon the U.S. Treasury yield curve at the time of grant for the respective expected life of the RSUs. The expected life (estimated period of time outstanding) of RSUs and volatility were calculated using historical data. The expected dividend yield of stock is the Company s best estimate of the expected future dividend yield. The above assumptions were used to determine the weighted average grant-date fair value of the discount on RSUs granted in 2024 and 2023 of and , respectively. A more detailed description of each of these plans can be found in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. geographic segments: Americas, Europe, and APMEA. Each of these segments sells similar products and has separate financial results that are reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision-maker. Each segment earns revenue and income almost exclusively from the sale of the Company s products. The Company sells its products into various end markets around the world, with sales by region based upon location of the entity recording the sale. See Note 3 for further detail on the product lines sold by region. All intercompany sales transactions have been eliminated. The accounting policies for each segment are the same as those described in Note 2 above and in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 Europe APMEA Consolidated net sales Operating income (loss) Americas Europe APMEA Subtotal reportable segments Corporate( ) ) ) ) Consolidated operating income Interest income ) ) ) ) Interest expense Other income, net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Capital expenditures Americas Europe APMEA Consolidated capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization Americas Europe APMEA Consolidated depreciation and amortization September 29, December 31, 2024 2023 (in millions) Identifiable assets (at end of period) Americas Europe APMEA Consolidated identifiable assets Property, plant and equipment, net (at end of period) Americas Europe APMEA Consolidated property, plant and equipment, net 

 Corporate expenses are primarily for administrative compensation expense, compliance costs, professional fees, including corporate-related legal and audit expenses, shareholder services and benefit administration costs. The above operating segments are presented on a basis consistent with the presentation included in the Company s December 31, 2023 consolidated financial statements included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K. The property, plant and equipment, net, in the U.S. of the Company s Americas segment was million and million as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 The following includes intersegment sales for Americas, Europe and APMEA: Europe APMEA Intersegment sales ) Change in period ) ) Balance March 31, 2024 ) ) Change in period ) ) ) Balance June 30, 2024 ) ) Change in period ) ) Balance September 29, 2024 ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) Change in period ) Balance March 26, 2023 ) ) Change in period Balance June 25, 2023 ) ) Change in period ) ) Balance September 24, 2023 ) ) 

 (1) Cash flow hedges include interest rate swaps and designated foreign currency hedges. See Note 11 for further details. million (the "Revolving Credit Facility"). The maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility is July 12, 2029, subject to extension under certain circumstances and subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement provides for a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of to 1.00 (or to 1.00 during temporary step-ups following certain acquisitions) and the minimum consolidated interest ratio of to 1.00. 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 million for letters of credit and million for swing line loans. As of September 29, 2024, the Company had drawn down million on this line of credit and had million in letters of credit outstanding, which resulted in million of unused and available credit under the Revolving Credit Facility as of such date. Borrowings outstanding bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to an applicable percentage defined as (i) in the case of Term Benchmark loans, the Term Benchmark rate plus an applicable percentage, ranging from to , or (ii) in the case of alternate base rate loans and swing line loans, interest (which at all times will not be less than at the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the FRBNY Rate in effect on such day plus and (c) the Term Benchmark rate plus for a one-month interest period, in each case, determined by reference to the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. For the borrowings denominated in dollars, there is a fixed basis point adjustment if the reference rate is Term SOFR. The weighted average interest rate on debt outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 29, 2024 was . The weighted average interest rate on debt outstanding inclusive of the interest rate swaps discussed in Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and interest rates under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 29, 2024 was . In addition to paying interest under the Credit Agreement, the Company is also required to pay certain fees in connection with the Revolving Credit Facility, including, but not limited to, an unused facility fee and letter of credit fees. The Company may repay loans outstanding under the Credit Agreement from time to time without premium or penalty, other than customary breakage costs, if any, and subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement contains an expansion option of million. As of September 29, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement imposes various restrictions on the Company and its subsidiaries, including restrictions pertaining to: (i) the incurrence of additional indebtedness, (ii) limitations on liens, (iii) making distributions, dividends and other payments, (iv) mergers, consolidations and acquisitions, (v) dispositions of assets, (vi) certain consolidated leverage ratios and consolidated interest coverage ratios, (vii) transactions with affiliates, (viii) changes to governing documents, and (ix) changes in control. The Company maintains letters of credit that guarantee its performance or payment to third parties in accordance with specified terms and conditions. The Company s letters of credit are primarily associated with insurance coverage. The Company s letters of credit generally expire within of issuance. These instruments may exist or expire without being drawn down. Therefore, they do not necessarily represent future cash flow obligations. 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 Interest rate swap(2) Total assets Liabilities Plan liability for deferred compensation(3) Interest rate swap(4) Total liabilities 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2023 Using: Quoted Prices in Active Significant Other Significant Markets for Identical Observable Unobservable Assets Inputs Inputs Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) (in millions) Assets Plan asset for deferred compensation(1) Interest rate swap(2) Total assets Liabilities Plan liability for deferred compensation(3) Interest rate swap(4) Designated foreign currency hedges(5) Total liabilities 

 (1) Included on the Company s consolidated balance sheet in other assets (other, net). (2) As of September 29, 2024, million classified in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet and million classified in other assets (other, net). As of December 31, 2023, million classified in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet and million classified in other assets (other, net). (3) Included on the Company s consolidated balance sheet in accrued compensation and benefits. (4) As of September 29, 2024, million classified in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheet and million classified in other noncurrent liabilities. As of December 31, 2023, million classified in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheet and million classified in other noncurrent liabilities. (5) Included on the Company s consolidated balance sheet in accrued expenses and other liabilities. Cash equivalents consist of instruments with remaining maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase and consist primarily of money market funds, for which the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 million. Borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum as further detailed in Note 10. In order to manage the Company s exposure to changes in cash flows attributable to fluctuations in interest payments related to the Company s floating rate debt, the Company entered into an interest rate swap on March 30, 2021. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company received the one-month USD-LIBOR subject to a floor and paid a fixed rate of on a notional amount of million. On August 2, 2022, the Company amended the interest rate swap to replace LIBOR as a reference rate for borrowings with Term SOFR. Under the amended interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives the one-month Term SOFR subject to a - floor and pays a fixed rate of on a notional amount of million. The Company elected the optional expedient in connection with amending its interest rate swap to replace the reference rate from LIBOR to Term SOFR to consider the amendment as a continuation of the existing contract without having to perform an assessment that would otherwise be required under U.S. GAAP. The Company entered into an additional interest rate swap on October 23, 2023, as part of the acquisition of Bradley. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives the one-month Term SOFR subject to a - floor and pays a fixed rate of on a notional amount of million. Both swaps mature on March 30, 2026. The Company formally documents the hedge relationships at hedge inception to ensure that its interest rate swaps qualify for hedge accounting. On a quarterly basis, the Company assesses whether the interest rate swap is highly effective in offsetting changes in the cash flow of the hedged item. The Company does not hold or issue interest rate swaps for trading purposes. The swaps are designated as cash flow hedges. For the third quarter and nine months ended September 29, 2024, net losses of million and million, respectively, were recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss to recognize the effective portion of the fair value of the interest rate swap that qualifies as a cash flow hedge. Designated Foreign Currency Hedges The Company s foreign subsidiaries transact most business, including certain intercompany transactions, in foreign currencies. Such transactions are principally purchases or sales of materials. The Company has exposure to a number of foreign currencies, including the Canadian dollar, the euro, and the Chinese yuan. The Company uses a layering methodology, whereby at the end of each quarter, the Company enters into forward exchange contracts hedging Canadian dollar to U.S. dollar, which hedge up to of the forecasted intercompany purchase transactions between one of the Company s Canadian subsidiaries and the Company s U.S. operating subsidiaries for the next . As of September 29, 2024, all designated foreign exchange hedge contracts were cash flow hedges under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . The Company records the effective portion of the designated foreign currency hedge contracts in other comprehensive income (loss) until inventory turns and is sold to a third-party. Once the third-party transaction associated with the hedged forecasted transaction occurs, the effective portion of any related gain or loss on the designated foreign currency hedge is reclassified into earnings within cost of goods sold. In the event the notional amount of the derivatives exceeds the forecasted intercompany purchases for a given month, the excess hedge position will be attributed to the following month s forecasted purchases. However, if the following month s forecasted purchases cannot absorb the excess hedge position from the current month, the effective portion of the hedge recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) will be reclassified to earnings. 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 million. The fair value of the Company s designated foreign hedge contracts outstanding as of September 29, 2024 was a liability of less than million. As of September 29, 2024, the amount expected to be reclassified into cost of goods sold from other comprehensive income (loss) in the next is a gain of million. million. With respect to the estimate of reasonably possible loss, management has estimated the upper end of the range of reasonably possible loss based on (i) the amount of money damages claimed, where applicable, (ii) the allegations and factual development to date, (iii) available defenses based on the allegations, and/or (iv) other potentially liable parties. This estimate is based upon currently available information and is subject to significant judgment and a variety of assumptions and known and unknown uncertainties. The matters underlying the estimate will change from time to time, and actual results may vary significantly from the current estimate. In the event of an unfavorable outcome in one or more of the matters, the ultimate liability may be in excess of amounts currently accrued, if any, and may be material to the Company s operating results or cash flows for a particular quarterly or annual period. However, based on information currently known to it, management believes that the ultimate outcome of all matters, as they are resolved over time, is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company. Chemetco, Inc. Superfund Site, Hartford, Illinois In August 2017, Watts Regulator Co. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) received a Notice of Environmental Liability from the Chemetco Site Group Group alleging that it is a potentially responsible party PRP for the Chemetco, Inc. Superfund Site in Hartford, Illinois (the Site because it arranged for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances that were contained in materials sent to the Site and that resulted in the release or threat of release of hazardous substances at the Site. The letter offered Watts Regulator Co. the opportunity to join the Group and participate in the Remedial Investigation and Feasibility Study RI/FS for a portion of the Site. Watts Regulator Co. joined the Group in September 2017 and was added in March 2018 as a signatory to the Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent with the United States Environmental Protection Agency USEPA and the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency IEPA governing completion of the RI/FS. The Remedial Investigation report has been completed for the first portion of the site. For that same portion of the site, the draft Feasibility Study FS report was submitted to USEPA and IEPA for review and comment in September 2021. USEPA and IEPA both issued comments on the draft FS. The Group provided responses to the Agency comments on December 1, 2023. The deadline for submission of the revised FS report has been deferred with USEPA s consent until all Agency comments are resolved. Comments and final approval from the USEPA are required to complete the FS process. USEPA has recently identified the second quarter of 2026 as its targeted milestone for completion of the FS and for the Agency s selection of a remedy. Based on information currently known to it, management believes that Watts Regulator Co. s share of the costs of the RI/FS is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company, or have a material adverse effect on the Company s operating results for any particular period. The Company is unable to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss for the above matter in which damages have not been specified because: (i) the FS process for the first portion of the Site has not been completed, and the RI/FS process for the remainder of the Site has not yet been initiated, to determine what remediation plans will be implemented and the costs of such plans; (ii) the total amount of material sent to the Site, and the total number of PRPs who may or may not agree to fund or perform any remediation, have not been determined; (iii) the share contribution for PRPs to any remediation has not been determined; and (iv) the number of years required to implement a remediation plan acceptable to USEPA and IEPA is uncertain. 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 million from an insurance company for all retirees and participants that chose annuities as a payment option under the Pension Plan and transferred the related Pension Plan assets and benefit obligations to the insurance company. The payment under the contract to the insurance company was considered an irrevocable action and the settlement was binding . Distributed lump sum payments of million to participants that chose the lump sum payment option. The lump sum payments paid to participants represented the actuarial equivalent value of the participants remaining accrued benefits under the Pension Plan as of the distribution date, calculated in accordance with the terms of the plan and based on the participants ages on the distribution date. 
 The settlement resulted in a reduction to the projected benefit obligation and a corresponding decrease to plan assets. This transfer of the benefit obligation triggered settlement accounting which required immediate recognition of the cumulative actuarial gains of million that were previously recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, which were recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses for the quarter ended September 29, 2024. The associated deferred tax liability of million that was previously recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and recorded within long-term deferred tax liabilities was reversed in the quarter ended September 29, 2024. Pension Plan assets exceeded the benefit obligations at the date of settlement, which resulted in the Company recognizing a surplus asset and a non-cash settlement pre-tax gain of million in the third quarter of 2024. The gain was included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. The surplus asset was recognized in prepaid expenses and other current assets and is expected to be settled in cash in the next twelve months after the requirements to distribute surplus assets are met in 2025. The components of net periodic benefit cost are as follows: Expected return on assets ) Settlement gain ) Administrative expenses Net periodic benefit cost ) cents per share on each outstanding share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock payable on December 13, 2024 to stockholders of record on November 29, 2024. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains statements that are not historical facts and are considered forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements contain projections of our future results of operations or our financial position or state other forward-looking information. The forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including without limitation statements regarding our business performance and strategy, including, without limitation, expected financial results, benefits from recent acquisitions, expected investments in capital expenditure, improvements in operating and free cash flow throughout and our ability to manage challenging macro-economic and softer market conditions, are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, should, and would or similar words. You should not rely on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. These risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that might cause these differences are described under Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should carefully review all of these factors, and you should be aware that there may be other factors that could cause these differences. These forward-looking statements were based on information, plans and estimates at the date of this report, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events or other changes. Overview The following discussion and analysis is provided to increase the understanding of, and should be read in conjunction with, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes. In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, references to the Company, Watts, we, us or our refer to Watts Water Technologies, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. We are a leading supplier of solutions, systems and products that manage and conserve the flow of fluids and energy into, through and out of buildings in the commercial, industrial and residential markets in the Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa APMEA ). For 150 years, we have designed and produced valve systems that safeguard and regulate water systems, energy efficient heating and hydronic systems, drainage systems and water filtration technology that helps purify and conserve water. We earn revenue and income almost exclusively from the sale of our products. Our principal product and solution categories include: 	 Residential commercial flow control and protection includes products and solutions typically sold into plumbing and hot water applications such as backflow preventers, water pressure regulators, temperature and pressure relief valves, thermostatic mixing valves, leak detection and protection products, commercial washroom solutions and emergency safety products and equipment. Many of our flow control and protection products are now smart and connected enabled, warning of leaks, floods, freezing temperatures and other hazards with alerts to Building Management Systems BMS and/or personal devices giving our customers greater insight into their water management and the ability to shut off the water supply to avoid waste and mitigate damage. 	 Heating, ventilation and air conditioning HVAC gas includes commercial high-efficiency boilers, water heaters and heating solutions, hydronic and electric heating systems for under-floor radiant applications, custom heat and hot water solutions, hydronic pump groups for boiler manufacturers and alternative energy control packages, and flexible stainless steel connectors for natural and liquid propane gas in commercial food service and residential applications. Most of our HVAC products and solutions feature advanced controls enabling customers to easily connect to the BMS for better monitoring, control and operation. 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 	 Drainage water re-use includes drainage products and engineered rain water harvesting solutions for commercial, industrial, marine and residential applications, including connected roof drain systems. 	 Water quality includes point-of-use and point-of-entry water filtration, monitoring, conditioning and scale prevention systems for commercial, marine and residential applications. Our business is reported in three geographic segments: Americas, Europe, and APMEA. We distribute our products through four primary distribution channels: wholesale, original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), specialty, and do-it-yourself DIY ). We believe that the factors relating to our future growth include continued product innovation that meets the needs of our customers and our end markets; our ability to continue to make selective acquisitions, both in our core markets as well as in complementary markets; regulatory requirements relating to the quality and conservation of water and the safe use of water; increased demand for clean water; and continued enforcement of plumbing and building codes. Our acquisition strategy focuses on businesses that promote our key macro themes around safety and regulation, energy efficiency and water conservation. We target businesses that we believe will provide us with one or more of the following: an entry into new markets and/or new geographies, improved channel access, unique and/or proprietary technologies, including smart and connected technologies, advanced production capabilities or complementary solution offerings. We have completed 14 acquisitions since 2014, and in the last year and a half, we have completed three strategic and complementary acquisitions that expanded our addressable market and that we believe will enable value creation through greater scale and growth opportunities. We believe that sustainability guides every aspect of our business, including our product development strategy and design, and how we structure our operations. Our innovation strategy is focused on differentiated products and solutions that will provide greater opportunity to distinguish ourselves in the marketplace, while at the same time creating innovative products and smart solutions to protect, control, and conserve critical resources, and help our customers with their sustainability efforts through the use of our products. We continually look for strategic opportunities to invest in new products and markets or divest existing product lines where necessary in order to meet those objectives. Over the past several years we have been building our smart and connected products foundation by expanding our internal capabilities and making strategic acquisitions. Our strategy is to deliver superior customer value through smart and connected products and intelligent water solutions. This strategy focuses on three dimensions: Connect, Control and Conserve. We are focused on introducing products that connect our customers with smart systems, manage systems for optimal performance, and conserve critical resources by increasing operability, efficiency and safety. Products representing a majority of our sales are subject to regulatory standards and code enforcement, which typically require that these products meet stringent performance criteria. We have consistently advocated for the development and enforcement of such plumbing codes. We are focused on maintaining stringent quality control and testing procedures at each of our manufacturing facilities in order to manufacture products in compliance with code requirements and take advantage of the resulting demand for compliant products. We believe that product development, product testing capability and investment in plant and equipment needed to manufacture products in compliance with code requirements, represent a competitive advantage for us. Global gross domestic product GDP remains positive and is generally a leading indicator for our repair and replacement business. New construction indicators are mixed, but are showing signs of weakening, particularly in multi-family housing, office, retail and recreation verticals. Light industrial, including data centers, is growing and institutional verticals remain steady. The European economy continued to show signs of weakening and geo-political risks have heightened. Elevated interest rates may impact new construction. We also continue to experience inflation across our labor and overhead costs. Despite these anticipated challenges and uncertainties, we continue to invest in our business, including new products, our smart and connected solutions and our growth and productivity initiatives. We remain focused on our customers needs and executing on our long-term strategy. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 Financial Overview Third quarter 2024 sales increased 7.8 , or 39.3 million, on a reported basis, and decreased 4.1 , or 20.4 million, on an organic basis, compared to the third quarter of 2023. The reported sales increase included acquired sales of 11.7 , or 58.8 million, all reported within the Americas segment, as well as net favorable impact of foreign exchange of 0.2 , or 0.9 million, compared to the third quarter of 2023. The 4.1 organic decline was driven by organic decline in the Americas of 2.7 and Europe of 11.5 , partially offset by 8.3 organic growth in APMEA compared to the third quarter of 2023 segment net sales. The organic decline was primarily driven by volume declines in the Americas and Europe, partially offset by favorable price realization and favorable volume in APMEA. Operating income of 93.2 million increased by 6.1 million, or 7.0 , in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023. This increase, primarily driven by acquisitions of 13.7 , or 11.9 million, all reported within the Americas segment, as well as favorable price realization and productivity, more than offset inflation, incremental investments and restructuring charges and lower volume. In discussing our results of operations, we refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including organic sales, organic selling, general and administrative expenses, and organic operating income, that exclude the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange from year-over-year comparisons. Management believes reporting these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful information to investors, potential investors and others, because it allows for additional insight into underlying trends by providing growth on a consistent basis. We reconcile the change in these non-GAAP financial measures to our reported results below. Recent Developments On October 1, 2024, we publicly disclosed our intention for local management to begin consultations with the appropriate works council in regard to a project to close the foundry at our manufacturing facility in Hautvillers-Ouville, France and to relocate the facility s other production activities primarily to our other facilities in France and other locations in Europe. We expect that the works council consultation process will last approximately three months, after which the local management team will present its proposal to our Board of Directors, who will make a determination whether to approve the restructuring plan. If our Board of Directors approves the restructuring plan, the charges expected to be incurred in connection with such plan are anticipated to be material. On October 28, 2024, we declared a quarterly dividend of forty-three cents 0.43) per share on each outstanding share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock payable on December 13, 2024 to stockholders of record on November 29, 2024. On October 27, 2024, Shashank Patel, our Chief Financial Officer, provided notice of his intention to retire from the Company effective as of March 15, 2025. We have initiated a search for our next Chief Financial Officer, which will include both internal and external candidates. Mr. Patel will continue in his role as Chief Financial Officer until a successor is named and will assist with the transition of his responsibilities to his successor. Results of Operations Third Quarter ended September 29, 2024 Compared to Third Quarter Ended September 24, 2023 Net Sales. Our business is reported in three geographic segments: Americas, Europe and APMEA. Our net sales in each of these segments for each of the third quarters of 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 

Third Quarter Ended Third Quarter Ended Change to September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Consolidated Net Sales Sales Net Sales Sales Change Net Sales (dollars in millions) Americas 400.0 73.6 351.0 69.6 49.0 9.7 Europe 107.3 19.7 120.2 23.8 (12.9) (2.5) APMEA 36.3 6.7 33.1 6.6 3.2 0.6 Total 543.6 100.0 504.3 100.0 39.3 7.8 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 The change in net sales was attributable to the following: Change As a Change As a of Consolidated Net Sales of Segment Net Sales Americas Europe APMEA Total Americas Europe APMEA Total Americas Europe APMEA (dollars in millions) Organic (9.4) (13.8) 2.8 (20.4) (1.9) (2.7) 0.5 (4.1) (2.7) (11.5) 8.3 Foreign exchange (0.4) 0.9 0.4 0.9 (0.1) 0.2 0.1 0.2 (0.1) 0.8 1.4 Acquired 58.8 58.8 11.7 11.7 16.8 Total 49.0 (12.9) 3.2 39.3 9.7 (2.5) 0.6 7.8 14.0 (10.7) 9.7 Our products are sold primarily to wholesalers, OEMs, DIY chains, and through various specialty channels. The change in organic net sales by channel was attributable to the following: Change As a of Prior Year Sales ) Wholesale OEMs DIY Specialty Total Wholesale OEMs DIY Specialty (dollars in millions) Americas (7.2) (1.5) (0.7) (9.4) (3.4) (6.0) (0.7) Europe 1.5 (15.3) (13.8) 2.1 (31.9) APMEA 3.4 0.2 (0.8) 2.8 15.0 13.3 (8.9) Total (2.3) (16.6) (1.5) (20.4) (0.8) (22.3) (1.4) 

 Segment change as a of segment net sales by channel and Total change as a of consolidated net sales by channel. Americas net sales increased 49.0 million, or 14.0 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The change in net sales was positively impacted by 58.8 million, or 16.8 , of acquired sales related to the Bradley and Josam acquisitions completed in the fourth quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024, respectively. Organic net sales decreased 9.4 million, or 2.7 , primarily in the wholesale channel from decreased sales across our core valve products partially related to safety stock reductions. Europe net sales decreased 12.9 million, or 10.7 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The change in net sales was positively impacted by 0.9 million, or 0.8 , of foreign currency translation. Organic net sales decreased 13.8 million, or 11.5 , primarily due to lower volumes partially offset by favorable price realization. The decrease was primarily due to volume declines in the OEM channel which was impacted by reduced government energy incentives and the related heat pump destocking, as well as volume declines in wholesale plumbing product sales into France and Benelux, partially offset by an increase in sales of our drains products. APMEA net sales increased 3.2 million, or 9.7 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The change in net sales was positively impacted by 0.4 million, or 1.4 , of foreign currency translation. Organic net sales increased 2.8 million, or 8.3 , primarily due to growth in China, New Zealand and the Middle East. China s sales growth was primarily from increased commercial valves within data centers. The net increase in sales due to foreign exchange was mostly due to the favorable impact of the depreciation of the U.S. dollar against the euro and Chinese yuan, partially offset by appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar in the third quarter of 2024. We cannot predict whether foreign currencies will appreciate or depreciate against the U.S. dollar in future periods or whether future foreign exchange rate fluctuations will have a positive or negative impact on our net sales. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit and gross profit as a percent of net sales (gross margin) for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 

Third Quarter Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (dollars in millions) Gross profit 257.1 234.4 Gross margin 47.3 46.5 Gross profit and gross margin increased primarily from higher price realization and productivity, partially offset by inflation, lower volume, and the dilutive impact of acquisitions on gross margin. Gross profit includes the impact of the Bradley and Josam acquisitions completed in the fourth quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024, respectively. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses increased 12.1 million, or 8.2 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase in SG A expenses was attributable to the following: 

(in millions) Change Organic (1.1) (0.7) Foreign exchange 0.2 0.1 Acquired 13.0 8.8 Total 12.1 8.2 The decrease in organic SG A expenses was primarily due to 3.4 million from productivity initiatives, a net decrease in short-term and long-term compensation accruals of 1.5 million, decreased product liability and insurance costs of 1.1 million and decreased Corporate expenses of 4.0 million including lower acquisition-related costs, mostly offset by an increase in investments of 6.0 million, including in our smart and connected initiatives and other strategic initiatives and general inflation of 3.9 million compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase in foreign exchange was mainly due to the depreciation of the U.S. dollar against the euro. The acquired SG A costs related to the Bradley and Josam acquisitions in the Americas segment completed in the fourth quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024, respectively. The acquired SG A costs include 0.9 million of acquisition-related costs and a 7.8 million gain on the settlement of Bradley s frozen pension plan. Total SG A expenses, as a percentage of net sales, were 29.2 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 29.1 in the third quarter of 2023. Restructuring. In the third quarter of 2024, we recorded a net restructuring charge of 4.9 million, which primarily related to immaterial actions in all regions including severance and other cost reductions. In the third quarter of 2023, we recorded a net restructuring charge of 0.4 million, which primarily related to an immaterial program approved in the Americas involving a planned facility exit and the related severance and other costs incurred. Operating Income. Operating income (loss) by segment for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023 was as follows: 

Change to Third Quarter Ended Consolidated September 29, September 24, Operating 2024 2023 Change Income (dollars in millions) Americas 90.6 85.7 4.9 5.6 Europe 8.7 12.5 (3.8) (4.4) APMEA 6.7 5.4 1.3 1.5 Corporate (12.8) (16.5) 3.7 4.3 Total 93.2 87.1 6.1 7.0 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 The increase (decrease) in operating income (loss) was attributable to the following: 

Change As a of Change As a of Consolidated Operating Income Segment Operating Income Americas Europe APMEA Corporate Total Americas Europe APMEA Corporate Total Americas Europe APMEA Corporate (dollars in millions) Organic (5.1) (1.2) 1.2 3.7 (1.4) (5.9) (1.4) 1.4 4.3 (1.6) (6.0) (9.6) 22.2 (22.4) Foreign exchange 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 1.9 Acquired 11.9 11.9 13.7 13.7 13.9 Restructuring, impairment charges (1.9) (2.6) (4.5) (2.2) (3.0) (5.2) (2.2) (20.8) Total 4.9 (3.8) 1.3 3.7 6.1 5.6 (4.4) 1.5 4.3 7.0 5.7 (30.4) 24.1 (22.4) Operating income increased 6.1 million, or 7.0 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. Operating income was positively impacted by 11.9 million, or 13.7 , from acquisitions as well as 0.1 million, or 0.1 of foreign currency translation. The decrease in organic operating income of 1.4 million, or 1.6 , was primarily due to inflation, incremental investments and lower volume, partially offset by higher price realization and productivity and lower organic SG A expenses. Interest Income. Interest income in the third quarter of 2024 decreased 0.2 million compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to lower cash and cash equivalents balances. Interest Expense. Interest expense in the third quarter of 2024 increased 2.4 million compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to a higher principal balance of debt outstanding due to the acquisition of Bradley during the fourth quarter of 2023 and an increase in interest rates. Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. Other (Income) Expense, Net. Other (income) expense, net, was an income balance of 0.6 million in the third quarter of 2024 primarily due to an immaterial investment gain partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation, compared to an expense balance of 0.1 million in the third quarter of 2023. Income Taxes. Our effective income tax rate decreased slightly to 25.1 in the third quarter of 2024, from 25.3 in the third quarter of 2023. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD has a framework for a 15 global minimum tax, commonly referred to as Pillar Two and certain aspects became effective January 1, 2024. We have assessed the 2024 forecasted annual impact of Pillar Two and it is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements. Net Income. Net income was 69.1 million, or 2.06 per common share on a diluted basis, for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 65.8 million, or 1.96 per common share on a diluted basis, for the third quarter of 2023. Results for the third quarter of 2024 included an after-tax benefit of 5.8 million, or 0.17 per common share, for a gain on the settlement of the Bradley pension plan and 0.9 million, or 0.03 per common share, for other investment gains, partially offset by after-tax charges of 3.8 million, or 0.11 per common share, for restructuring and 1.9 million, or 0.06 per common share, for acquisition-related costs. Results for the third quarter of 2023 included after-tax charges of 2.3 million, or 0.07 per common share, for acquisition-related costs and 0.3 million, or 0.01 per common share, for restructuring. Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 24, 2023 Net Sales. Our net sales in each of the three geographic segments for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 

Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended Change to September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Consolidated Net Sales Sales Net Sales Sales Change Net Sales (dollars in millions) Americas 1,266.9 74.0 1,041.1 69.0 225.8 15.0 Europe 344.7 20.1 384.1 25.5 (39.4) (2.6) APMEA 100.2 5.9 83.6 5.5 16.6 1.1 Total 1,711.8 100.0 1,508.8 100.0 203.0 13.5 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 The change in net sales was attributable to the following: Change as a Change as a of Consolidated Net Sales of Segment Net Sales Americas Europe APMEA Total Americas Europe APMEA Total Americas Europe APMEA (dollars in millions) Organic 42.9 (40.7) 9.6 11.8 2.8 (2.7) 0.7 0.8 4.1 (10.6) 11.5 Foreign exchange (0.8) 1.3 (1.1) (0.6) 0.1 (0.1) 0.3 (1.3) Acquired 183.7 8.1 191.8 12.2 0.5 12.7 17.6 9.7 Total 225.8 (39.4) 16.6 203.0 15.0 (2.6) 1.1 13.5 21.7 (10.3) 19.9 The change in organic net sales by channel was attributable to the following: Change As a of Prior Year Sales ) Wholesale OEMs DIY Specialty Total Wholesale OEMs DIY Specialty (dollars in millions) Americas 23.8 2.1 1.1 15.9 42.9 3.8 2.8 1.8 5.6 Europe (0.1) (40.4) (0.2) (40.7) (27.4) (10.5) APMEA 9.4 0.2 9.6 15.2 4.0 Total 33.1 (38.1) 0.9 15.9 11.8 3.6 (16.8) 1.5 5.3 

 Segment change as a of segment net sales by channel and Total change as a of consolidated net sales by channel. Americas net sales increased 225.8 million, or 21.7 , for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The change in net sales was positively impacted by 183.7 million, or 17.6 , of acquired sales related to the Bradley and Josam acquisitions completed in the fourth quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024, respectively. Organic net sales increased 42.9 million, or 4.1 , primarily due to increased volume, partially from the benefit of additional shipping days in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023, and favorable price realization. The additional shipping days increased net sales by low single-digits. The organic net sales growth was primarily in the wholesale channel from increased sales across our core valve products and in the specialty channel from increased sales of our heating and hot water products. Europe net sales decreased 39.4 million, or 10.3 , for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The change in net sales was positively impacted by 1.3 million, or 0.3 , of foreign currency translation. Organic net sales decreased 40.7 million, or 10.6 , primarily due to lower volumes despite the benefit of additional shipping days and favorable price realization. The additional shipping days increased net sales by low single-digits. The decrease was primarily due to volume declines in the OEM channel which was impacted by reduced government energy incentives in and the related heat pump destocking, as well as volume declines in wholesale plumbing product sales into France and Benelux, partially offset by an increase in sales of our drains products. APMEA net sales increased 16.6 million, or 19.9 , for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The change in net sales was negatively impacted by 1.1 million, or 1.3 , of foreign currency translation, which was more than offset by 8.1 million, or 9.7 , of acquired sales related to the Enware acquisition completed in the second quarter of 2023. Organic net sales increased 9.6 million, or 11.5 , primarily due to volume growth from the benefit of additional shipping days in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The additional shipping days increased net sales by low-single-digits. The organic growth was primarily due to growth in all major countries in the segment. The net decrease in sales due to foreign exchange was mostly due to the unfavorable impact of the appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Chinese yuan and Canadian dollar, partially offset by the favorable impact of the depreciation of the U.S. dollar against the euro in the first nine months of 2024. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit and gross profit as a percent of net sales (gross margin) for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 

Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (dollars in millions) Gross profit 809.4 705.3 Gross margin 47.3 46.7 Gross profit and gross margin increased primarily from higher price realization and productivity, partially offset by inflation, lower volume despite the additional shipping days, the dilutive impact of acquisitions on gross margin and the amortization of the fair value step-up adjustments for inventory purchased as part of the Bradley and Josam acquisitions. Gross profit includes the impact of the Bradley and Josam acquisitions completed in the fourth quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024, respectively. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. SG A expenses increased 70.2 million, or 16.3 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The increase in SG A expenses was attributable to the following: 

(in millions) Change Organic 8.6 2.0 Foreign exchange (0.2) Acquired 61.8 14.3 Total 70.2 16.3 The increase in organic SG A expenses was primarily due to an increase in investments of 18.0 million, including in our smart and connected initiatives and other strategic initiatives, general inflation of 12.0 million and increased variable costs due to higher sales of 3.4 million. These increases were partially offset by 7.2 million from productivity initiatives, a net decrease in short-term and long-term compensation accruals of 5.9 million, 4.4 million gain on the sale of buildings, decreased acquisition-related expenses of 3.0 million, lower professional fees of 2.4 million and 1.5 million of restructuring savings compared to the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in foreign exchange was mainly due to the appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Chinese yuan. The acquired SG A costs related to the Bradley and Josam acquisitions in the Americas segment completed in the fourth quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024, respectively, as well as the Enware acquisition in the APMEA segment completed in the second quarter of 2023. The acquired SG A costs include 4.1 million of acquisition-related costs and a 7.8 million gain on the settlement of Bradley s frozen pension plan. Total SG A expenses, as a percentage of sales, were 29.3 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 28.6 in the first nine months of 2023. Restructuring. In the first nine months of 2024, we recorded a net restructuring charge of 6.4 million, which primarily related to immaterial actions in all regions including severance, exit costs and other cost reductions. In the first nine months of 2023, we recorded a net restructuring charge of 1.7 million, which primarily related to immaterial actions in all regions related to severance and other cost reductions. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Income. Operating income (loss) by segment for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 was as follows: 

Change to Nine Months Ended Consolidated September 29, September 24, Operating 2024 2023 Change Income (Dollars in millions) Americas 284.3 249.8 34.5 12.7 Europe 40.6 53.2 (12.6) (4.6) APMEA 18.2 11.9 6.3 2.3 Corporate (41.7) (42.7) 1.0 0.3 Total 301.4 272.2 29.2 10.7 The increase (decrease) in operating income (loss) was attributable to the following: 

Change as a of Change as a of Consolidated Operating Income Segment Operating Income Americas Europe APMEA Corporate Total Americas Europe APMEA Corporate Total Americas Europe APMEA Corporate (Dollars in millions) Organic 20.3 (10.2) 4.8 1.0 15.9 7.5 (3.7) 1.8 0.3 5.9 8.1 (19.2) 40.3 2.3 Foreign exchange (0.4) 0.1 0.2 (0.1) (0.2) (0.2) (0.2) 0.2 1.7 Acquired 17.4 0.7 18.1 6.4 0.3 6.7 7.0 5.9 Restructuring, impairment charges (2.8) (2.5) 0.6 (4.7) (1.0) (0.9) 0.2 (1.7) (1.1) (4.7) 5.0 Total 34.5 (12.6) 6.3 1.0 29.2 12.7 (4.6) 2.3 0.3 10.7 13.8 (23.7) 52.9 2.3 Operating income increased 29.2 million, or 10.7 , for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. Operating income was positively impacted by 18.1 million, or 6.7 , from acquisitions and negatively impacted by 0.1 million, or 0.2 , of foreign currency translation. The increase in organic operating income of 15.9 million, or 5.9 , was primarily due to higher price realization and productivity, partially offset by inflation, incremental investments and lower volume. Interest Income. Interest income in the first nine months of 2024 increased 2.1 million compared to the first nine months of 2023, primarily due to higher interest rates earned on our cash and cash equivalents. Interest Expense. Interest expense in the first nine months of 2024 increased 7.5 million compared to the first nine months of 2023, primarily due to a higher principal balance of debt outstanding due to the acquisition of Bradley during the fourth quarter of 2023 and an increase in interest rates. Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. Other Income, Net. Other income, net, in the first nine months of 2024 increased 1.0 million compared to the first nine months of 2023, primarily due to an immaterial investment gain partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation. Income Taxes. Our effective income tax rate increased to 24.7 in the first nine months of 2024, from 24.2 in the first nine months of 2023, primarily due to 2023 including a reduction of foreign tax liabilities associated with the repatriation of funds and a higher tax benefit from the vesting of stock compensation awards. These impacts were slightly offset by a change in the geographical mix of income in 2024 compared to 2023. Net Income. Net income was 223.6 million, or 6.67 per common share on a diluted basis, for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 206.4 million, or 6.15 per common share on a diluted basis, for the first nine months of 2023. Results for the first nine months of 2024 included after-tax charges of 9.9 million, or 0.30 per common share, for acquisition-related costs and 4.9 million, or 0.14 per common share, for restructuring, partially offset by an after-tax benefit of 5.8 million, or 0.17 per common share, for a gain on the settlement of the Bradley pension plan, 3.3 million, or 0.10 per common share, for gain on sale of assets and 0.9 million, or 0.03 per common share, for other investment gains. Results for the first nine months of 2023 include after-tax charges of 3.6 million, or 0.11 per common share, for acquisition-related costs and 1.2 million, or 0.04 per common share, for restructuring. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources We generated 221.6 million of net cash provided by operating activities in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 200.9 million of net cash provided by operating activities in the first nine months of 2023. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily related to higher net income including contributions from our acquisitions. We used 112.7 million of net cash for investing activities in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 31.1 million used in the first nine months of 2023. We used 96.3 million in cash for business acquisitions in our Americas segment in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 12.1 million for the immaterial acquisition in our APMEA segment in the first nine months of 2023, and 1.6 million less cash for net capital expenditures in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. For the remainder of 2024, we expect to invest approximately 12 million in capital expenditures as part of our ongoing commitment to improve our operating capabilities. We used 156.2 million of net cash for financing activities during the first nine months of 2024 primarily due to long-term debt repayments of 85.0 million, dividend payments of 41.1 million, tax withholding payments on vested stock awards of 12.8 million and payments of 13.0 million to repurchase approximately 66,000 shares of Class A common stock. In the first nine months of 2023, we used 113.8 million of net cash for financing activities primarily due to long-term debt repayments on our line of credit totaling 80.0 million (offset by proceeds from drawdowns of 30.0 million), tax withholding payments on vested stock awards of 15.8 million, dividend payments of 34.4 million and payments of 11.7 million to repurchase approximately 69,000 shares of Class A common stock. On July 12, 2024, we entered into the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, the lenders and other parties from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement amends and restates the prior Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2021 (as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 date August 2, 2022 and Amendment No. 2 dated December 12, 2023, the Prior Credit Agreement ), that establishes our senior unsecured revolving credit facility of 800 million (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The Credit Agreement also contains an expansion option of 400.0 million. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility is July 12, 2029, subject to extension under certain circumstances and subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement provides for a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 (or 4.00 to 1.00 during temporary step-ups following certain acquisitions) and the minimum consolidated interest ratio of 3.50 to 1.00. The Revolving Credit Facility also includes sublimits of 100 million for letters of credit and 15 million for swing line loans. As of September 29, 2024, we had drawn down 215.0 million on this line of credit and had 12.9 million in letters of credit outstanding, which resulted in 572.1 million of unused and available credit under the Revolving Credit Facility as of such date. Borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to an applicable percentage defined as (i) in the case of Term Benchmark loans, the Term Benchmark rate plus an applicable percentage, ranging from 1.075 to 1.325 , or (ii) in the case of alternate base rate loans and swing line loans, interest (which at all times will not be less than 1.00 at the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the FRBNY Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50 and (c) the Term Benchmark rate plus 1.00 for a one month interest period, in each case, determined by reference to our consolidated leverage ratio. For the borrowings denominated in dollars, there is a fixed 10 basis point adjustment if the reference rate is Term SOFR. The weighted average interest rate on debt outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 29, 2024 was 6.26 . The weighted average interest rate on debt outstanding inclusive of the interest rate swap discussed in Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and interest rates under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 29, 2024 was 4.22 . In addition to paying interest under the Credit Agreement, we are also required to pay certain fees in connection with the Revolving Credit Facility, including, but not limited to, an unused facility fee and letter of credit fees. We may repay loans outstanding under the Credit Agreement from time to time without premium or penalty, other than customary breakage costs, if any, and subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement. As of September 29, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants related to the Credit Agreement. As of September 29, 2024, we held 303.9 million in cash and cash equivalents. Of this amount, 164.0 million of cash and cash equivalents were held by foreign subsidiaries. Our U.S. operations typically generate sufficient cash flows to meet our domestic obligations. However, if we did have to borrow to fund some or all of our expected cash outlays, we can do so at reasonable interest rates by utilizing the undrawn borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Subsequent to recording the Toll Tax as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, our intent, other than with respect to the one-time repatriation of foreign earnings in 2023, has been to permanently reinvest undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries, and we do not have any current plans to repatriate additional post-Toll Tax foreign earnings to fund operations in the United States. However, if amounts held by foreign subsidiaries were needed to fund operations in the United States, we could be required to accrue and pay taxes to repatriate these funds. Such charges may include potential state income taxes and other tax charges. We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In accordance with the SEC s Regulation G and Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K, the following provides definitions of the non-GAAP financial measures used by management. We believe that these measures enhance the overall understanding of underlying business results and trends. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to be considered by the user in place of the related GAAP financial measure, but rather as supplemental information to more fully understand our business results. These non-GAAP financial measures may not be the same as similar measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items or events being adjusted. Organic net sales and organic net sales growth, organic SG A expenses, and organic operating income, are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange from period-over-period comparisons. A reconciliation to the most closely related U.S. GAAP measure, net sales, SG A and operating income, have been included in our discussion within Results of Operations above. Non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for or as a superior measure to U.S. GAAP measures. Management believes reporting these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, potential investors and others, by facilitating easier comparisons of our performance with prior and future periods. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure that does not represent cash provided by operating activities in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Therefore, it should not be considered an alternative to net cash provided by or used in operating activities as an indication of our performance. The cash conversion rate of free cash flow to net income is also a measure of our performance in cash flow generation. We believe free cash flow and cash flow conversion rate to be an appropriate supplemental measure of our operating performance because it provides investors with a measure of our ability to generate cash, repay debt, pay dividends, repurchase stock and fund acquisitions. A reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow and a calculation of our cash conversion rate is provided below: 

Nine Months Ended September 29, September 24, 2024 2023 (in millions) Net cash provided by operating activities 221.6 200.9 Less: additions to property, plant, and equipment (23.3) (19.0) Plus: proceeds from the sale of property, plant, and equipment 5.9 Free cash flow 204.2 181.9 Net income as reported 223.6 206.4 Cash conversion rate of free cash flow to net income 91.3 88.1 Free cash flow improved in the first nine months of 2024 when compared to the first nine months of 2023 primarily driven by higher net income including contributions from our acquisitions. Our net debt to capitalization ratio, a non-GAAP financial measure used by management, at September 29, 2024 was (5.8 compared to (3.5 at December 31, 2023. The change was driven by a decrease in net debt balance primarily due to decreased long-term debt and an increase in stockholders equity at September 29, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023 due to higher net income. Management believes the net debt to capitalization ratio is an appropriate supplemental measure because it helps investors understand our ability to meet our financing needs and serves as a basis 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 to evaluate our financial structure. Our computation may not be comparable to other companies that may define their net debt to capitalization ratios differently. A reconciliation of long-term debt (including current portion) to net debt and our net debt to capitalization ratio is provided below: 

September 29, December 31, 2024 2023 (in millions) Current portion of long term debt Plus: long-term debt, net of current portion 211.8 298.3 Less: cash and cash equivalents (303.9) (350.1) Net debt (92.1) (51.8) A reconciliation of capitalization is provided below: 

September 29, December 31, 2024 2023 (in millions) Net debt (92.1) (51.8) Total stockholders equity 1,689.1 1,513.3 Capitalization 1,597.0 1,461.5 Net debt to capitalization ratio (5.8) (3.5) Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Key Estimates We believe that our critical accounting policies are those related to revenue recognition, inventory valuation, goodwill and other intangibles, product liability costs, legal contingencies and income taxes. We believe these accounting policies are particularly important to an understanding of our financial position and results of operations and require application of significant judgment by our management. In applying these policies, management uses its judgment in making certain assumptions and estimates. Our accounting policies are more fully described under the heading Accounting Policies in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We use derivative financial instruments primarily to reduce exposure to adverse fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and costs of certain raw materials used in the manufacturing process. We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. As a matter of policy, all derivative positions are used to reduce risk by hedging underlying economic exposure. The derivatives we use are instruments with liquid markets. See Note 11 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. Our consolidated earnings, which are reported in United States dollars, are subject to translation risks due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. This risk is concentrated in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the euro; the U.S. dollar and the Canadian dollar; and the U.S. dollar and the Chinese yuan. Our non-U.S. subsidiaries transact most business, including certain intercompany transactions, in foreign currencies. Such transactions are principally purchases or sales of materials and are denominated in European currencies, the Chinese yuan or the U.S. or Canadian dollar. We use foreign currency forward exchange contracts from time to time to manage the risk related to intercompany loans, intercompany purchases and intercompany sales that occur during the course of a year, and certain open foreign currency denominated commitments to sell products to third parties. We have entered into forward exchange contracts which hedge approximately 80 to 85 of the forecasted intercompany purchases between one of our Canadian subsidiaries and our U.S. operating subsidiaries for the next twelve months. We record the effective portion of the designated foreign currency hedge contracts in other comprehensive income (loss) until inventory turns and is sold to a third-party. Once the third-party transaction associated with the hedged forecasted transaction occurs, the effective portion of any related gain or loss on the designated foreign currency hedge is reclassified into cost of goods sold within earnings. The fair value of the Company s designated foreign hedge contracts outstanding as of September 29, 2024 was a liability of less than 0.1 million. 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 Under the Credit Agreement, our earnings and cash flows are exposed to fluctuations in interest payments related to our floating rate debt. In order to manage our exposure, we entered into an interest rate swap on March 30, 2021. Under the interest rate swap agreement, we received the one-month USD-LIBOR subject to a 0.00 floor and paid a fixed rate of 1.02975 on a notional amount of 100.0 million. On August 2, 2022, we amended the interest rate swap to replace LIBOR as a reference rate for borrowings with Term SOFR. Under the amended interest rate swap agreement, we receive the one-month Term SOFR subject to a -0.1 percent floor and pay a fixed rate of 0.942 on a notional amount of 100.0 million. We entered into an additional interest rate swap on October 23, 2023, as part of the acquisition of Bradley. Under the interest rate swap agreement, we receive the one-month Term SOFR subject to a -0.1 floor and pay a fixed rate of 4.844 on a notional amount of 100.0 million. Both swaps mature on March 30, 2026. Information about our long-term debt facility and related interest rates appears in Note 10 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. We purchase significant amounts of bronze ingot, brass rod, cast iron, stainless steel and plastic, which are utilized in manufacturing our many product lines. Our operating results can be adversely affected by changes in commodity prices if we are unable to pass on related price increases to our customers. We manage this risk by monitoring related market prices, working with our suppliers to achieve the maximum level of stability in their costs and related pricing, seeking alternative supply sources when necessary and passing increases in commodity costs to our customers, to the maximum extent possible, when they occur. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. The effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures is also necessarily limited by the staff and other resources available to us and the geographic diversity of our operations. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in that they provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the third quarter ended September 29, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We are currently in the process of integrating the Bradley operations, control processes and information systems into our systems and control environment. We believe that we have taken the necessary steps to monitor and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting during this integration. We will continue to review and document our disclosure controls and procedures, including our internal control over financial reporting, and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our business. 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 Part II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings As disclosed in Part I, Item 1, Product Liability, Environmental and Other Litigation Matters and Item 3, Legal Proceedings of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, we are party to certain litigation. There have been no material developments with respect to such legal proceedings during the quarter ended September 29, 2024, other than as described in Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes to the risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds We satisfy the minimum withholding tax obligation due upon the vesting of shares of restricted stock by repurchasing a number of shares with an aggregate fair market value on the date of such vesting that would satisfy the withholding amount due. The following table includes information with respect to shares of our Class A common stock withheld to satisfy withholding tax obligations during the third quarter ended September 29, 2024. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (d) Maximum Number (or (a) Total (c) Total Number of Approximate Dollar Number of Shares (or Units) Value) of Shares (or Shares (or (b) Average Purchased as Part of Units) that May Yet Be Units) Price Paid per Publicly Announced Purchased Under the Period Purchased Share (or Unit) Plans or Programs Plans or Programs July 1, 2024 July 28, 2024 July 29, 2024 August 25, 2024 35 199.44 August 26, 2024 September 29, 2024 52 193.48 Total 87 195.88 The following table includes information with respect to repurchases of our Class A common stock during the third quarter ended September 29, 2024 under our stock repurchase programs. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (1) (d) Maximum Number (or (a) Total (c) Total Number of Approximate Dollar Number of (b) Average Shares (or Units) Value) of Shares (or Shares (or Price Paid Purchased as Part of Units) that May Yet Be Units) per Share Publicly Announced Purchased Under the Period Purchased(1) (or Unit) Plans or Programs Plans or Programs July 1, 2024 July 28, 2024 6,315 188.55 6,315 152,713,659 July 29, 2024 August 25, 2024 11,912 186.16 11,912 150,469,087 August 26, 2024 September 29, 2024 7,658 196.10 7,658 148,994,319 Total 25,885 189.69 25,885 

 (1) On February 6, 2019, we announced that our Board of Directors had approved a repurchase program of up to 150 million of our Class A common stock, to be purchased from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. This repurchase program was completed in September 2024 after the Company expended the remainder of the 150 million authorized under the repurchase program. On July 31, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized an additional stock repurchase program of up to 150 million of our Class A common stock to be purchased from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, which also has no expiration date. The timing and number of shares repurchased will be determined by the Company s management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors . 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 Item 5. Other Information (a) Disclosure in lieu of reporting on a Current Report on Form 8-K. None. (b) Material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the board of directors. None. (c) Insider trading arrangements and policies. During the third quarter ended September 29, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended. Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 25, 2023 (File No. 001-11499). 3.2 Amended and Restated By- Laws. Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 31, 2023 (File No. 001- 11499). 10.1+ Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2024, by and among the Registrant, the Subsidiary Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America N.A., HSBC Bank USA, National Association, TD Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents, and Citibank, N.A., PNC Bank, National Association, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents. Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 15, 2024 (File No. 001-11499). 10.2+ Third Amended and Restated Guaranty, dated as of July 12, 2024, by the Registrant and the Subsidiaries of the Registrant set forth therein, in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the other lenders referred to therein. Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 15, 2024 (File No. 001-11499). 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. + The annexes, schedules, and certain exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish a supplemental copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to this Exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Third Quarters and Nine Months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Third Quarters and Nine Months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Third Quarters and Nine Months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WATTS WATER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ Robert J. Pagano, Jr. Robert J. Pagano, Jr. Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairperson of the Board (principal executive officer) Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ Shashank Patel Shashank Patel Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ Virginia A. Halloran Virginia A. Halloran Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) 

 42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 wts-20240929xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 WATTS WATER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Robert J. Pagano, Jr., certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Watts Water Technologies, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 31, 2024 /s/ Robert J. Pagano, Jr. Robert J. Pagano, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 wts-20240929xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 WATTS WATER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Shashank Patel, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Watts Water Technologies, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 31, 2024 /s/ Shashank Patel Shashank Patel Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 wts-20240929xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned officer of Watts Water Technologies, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies that, to his knowledge, the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q to which this certification is attached (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This certification is provided solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(32) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and the Exchange Act. In accordance with clause (ii) of Item 601(b)(32), this certification (A) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and (B) shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Date: October 31, 2024 /s/ Robert J. Pagano, Jr. Robert J. Pagano, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 wts-20240929xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned officer of Watts Water Technologies, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies that, to his knowledge, the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q to which this certification is attached (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This certification is provided solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(32) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and the Exchange Act. In accordance with clause (ii) of Item 601(b)(32), this certification (A) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and (B) shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

Date: October 31, 2024 /s/ Shashank Patel Shashank Patel Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wts-20240929.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wts-20240929_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wts-20240929_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wts-20240929_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

