<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1062822_0001062822-24-000060.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4766192</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>70379</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1019611</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1401181</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1236973</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>958963</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062822-24-000060.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113071240
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062822-24-000060
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LEXICON PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001062822
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				760474169
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30111
		FILM NUMBER:		241451157

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2445 TECHNOLOGY FOREST BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77381
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2818633000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2445 TECHNOLOGY FOREST BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77381

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LEXICON PHARMACEUTICALS, INC./DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070426

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LEXICON GENETICS INC/TX
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000126

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062822-24-000060.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 lxrx-20240930.htm
 10-Q

lxrx-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period from _____________ to _____________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files) 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registration has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 As of November 8, 2024, shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, were outstanding. 

Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Factors Affecting Forward-Looking Statements 
 2 
 Part I Financial Information 
 3 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (unaudited) - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (unaudited) - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 21 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 21 
 Part II Other Information 
 22 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 22 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 24 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 25 
 Signatures 
 26 

The Lexicon name and logo and INPEFA are registered trademarks and ZYNQUISTA is a trademark of Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Factors Affecting Forward Looking Statements 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, should or will or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks outlined under Part II, Item 1A. - Risk Factors and in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels or activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements may vary materially from our expectations. We are not undertaking any duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q to conform these statements to actual results, unless required by law. 

2 

Part I Financial Information 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except par value and share amounts) 
 As of September 30, As of December 31, 2024 2023 Assets (unaudited) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of and , respectively 
 Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use-assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) par value; shares authorized 
 Series A Convertible preferred stock; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024; shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Treasury stock, at cost, and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3 

Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Net product revenue Royalties and other revenue Total revenues Operating expenses: Cost of sales Research and development, including stock-based compensation of , , , and , respectively 
 Selling, general and administrative, including stock-based compensation of , , , and , respectively 
 Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Interest and other expense ) ) ) ) Interest income and other, net Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per common share, basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Preferred Stock Additional Accumulated Other Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Comprehensive Gain (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock under Equity Incentive Plans ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on investments Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of equity-classified warrants Issuance of common stock under Equity Incentive Plans Issuance of common stock, net of fees Net loss ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on investments Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) ) Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Preferred Stock Additional Accumulated Other Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Comprehensive Gain (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of preferred stock, net of fees Issuance of common stock under Equity Incentive Plans Repurchase of common stock ) ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Fees related to preferred stock ) ) Issuance of common stock under Equity Incentive Plans Conversion of preferred stock to common stock ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on investments Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Amortization of debt-related costs Accretion of marketable securities purchased at a discount ) ) Other non-cash adjustments Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase in accounts receivable ) ) Increase in inventories ) ) Increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Decrease in other long-term assets Increase in accounts payable and other liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) Maturities of investments Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock for equity incentive plans Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of fees Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of fees Repurchase of common stock for equity incentive plans ) ) Proceeds from debt borrowings, net of fees Other debt financing fees ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Conversion of preferred stock to common stock Issuance of equity-classified warrants 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 

8 

2. 
 
 Securities maturing within one year: U.S. treasury securities Corporate debt securities ) Total short-term investments ) Total cash and cash equivalents and investments ) As of December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents Securities maturing within one year: U.S. treasury securities ) Corporate debt securities Total short-term investments ) Total cash and cash equivalents and investments 
 ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Lexicon s investments in an unrealized loss position had an estimated fair value of million and million, respectively. There were realized gains or losses during either of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

3. 
 9 

Short-term investments Total cash and cash equivalents and investments 
 Assets at Fair Value as of December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Total cash and cash equivalents and investments 

4. 
 
 Work-in-progress Finished goods Inventory 
 
 10 

- 
 Furniture and fixtures - 
 Leasehold improvements - 
 Total property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net property and equipment 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company retired million of computers and software and million of furniture and fixtures, all of which had been fully depreciated. 
 
 Accrued compensation and benefits Short-term lease liability Other Total accrued liabilities 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred million of severance costs reflected in selling, general, and administrative expenses of which million was paid as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, million is reflected as accrued compensation and benefits within accrued liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as noted in the table above. 

5. 
 million in borrowing capacity (the Oxford Term Loans ). 
 The Oxford Term Loans are available in five tranches, each maturing in March 2029. The first two million tranches totaling million were funded in 2022 and the third million tranche was funded in June 2023. The fourth million tranche will be available for draw at Lexicon s option upon the achievement of specified INPEFA net sales and until April 15, 2025. An unused fee will be due in the event Lexicon does not draw the full amount when available under the fourth tranche. The fifth million tranche is available for draw at Lexicon s option, subject to Oxford s consent, at any time prior to the expiration of the interest-only period in March 2027 as described below. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the Oxford Term Loans on the condensed consolidated balance sheet was million, reflecting an unamortized discount of million to the face value of long-term debt related to debt issuance costs, the final payment exit fee, and the warrant fair value described below, which are being amortized into interest and other expense. A final payment exit fee of million equal to of the amount funded under the Oxford Term Loans is due upon prepayment or maturity. 
 Oxford Warrants. Concurrent with the funding of each of the first three tranches, Lexicon granted Oxford warrants to purchase shares of Lexicon s common stock at an exercise price of per share, shares of Lexicon s common stock at an exercise price of per share and shares of Lexicon s common stock at an exercise price of per share, respectively. Subject to and upon funding of the fourth tranche, Lexicon will grant Oxford a warrant to 
 11 

of such tranche, as determined by reference to a -day average closing price of the shares, and having an exercise price equal to such average closing price. All warrants are exercisable for from their respective grant dates and feature a net cashless exercise provision. The Company allocated the proceeds from each term loan tranche to the corresponding warrant using the relative fair value method and used the Black-Scholes model to calculate the fair value of the warrants. These warrants reduced the carrying value of long-term debt and are classified as equity instruments in additional paid-in capital on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 Interest and Principal Payments. Monthly interest-only payments are due during an initial 60-month period from the original March 2022 borrowing date. The interest-only period will be followed by an amortization period extending through the maturity date with monthly principal payments beginning May 1, 2027. Payments of million, million, and million, including debt principal and final exit fee payments, will be due during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2027, December 31, 2028 and December 31, 2029, respectively, with respect to all borrowed loan tranches as of September 30, 2024. Any prepayment of the Oxford Term Loans is subject to prepayment fees of up to which decline over the three years following the funding date of each loan tranche. 
 Following the June 2023 amendment to the Loan Agreement, the floating interest rate is currently based on the sum of (a) the 1-month CME Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), (b) , and (c) for the first and second tranches and for the third and fourth tranches. Prior to June 2023, the Oxford Term Loans bore interest at a floating rate equal to the 30-day U.S. Dollar LIBOR plus , but not less than . As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average interest rate of the Oxford Term Loans was . 
 
 Restrictive Provisions/Covenants. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, Oxford may declare all amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement to be immediately due and payable. Additionally, Lexicon may prepay the Oxford Term Loans in whole at its option at any time. 
 of the outstanding principal amount through June 30, 2026, tested monthly as of the last day of each month. In addition, Lexicon is separately required to maintain a quarterly minimum unrestricted cash and investments balance of million until the achievement of specified INPEFA net sales (which will be satisfied by meeting the monthly minimum unrestricted cash and investments covenant noted above). Upon funding of the fourth tranche, the quarterly minimum unrestricted cash and investments balance requirement will increase to million. The Loan Agreement also includes a separate financial covenant relating to net product revenue which will be effective as of the quarter ending June 30, 2026. In addition to the financial covenants, additional covenants include those restricting dispositions, fundamental changes to its business, mergers or acquisitions, indebtedness, encumbrances, distributions, investments, transactions with affiliates and subordinated debt. The Company was in compliance with its debt covenants as of September 30, 2024. 

6. 
 and total undiscounted cash payments of million. Operating lease right-of-use assets and associated lease liabilities are recorded in the condensed consolidated balance sheet at the lease commencement date based on the present value of future lease payments to be made over the expected lease term. As the implicit rate is not determinable in its leases, Lexicon uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date to determine the present value of lease payments. Lexicon does not apply this accounting to those leases with terms of twelve months or less. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the right-of-use assets for the office space leases of million and million, respectively, are separately included in operating lease right-of-use-assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Current liabilities relating to the leases are included in accrued liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet (as further described in Note 4) and long-term operating lease liabilities of approximately million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are included in other long-term liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 12 

million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company made cash payments for lease liabilities of million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the weighted-average remaining lease terms were years and years, respectively, with weighted-average discount rates of for each year. 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted operating lease liability Less: amount of lease payments representing interest ) Present value of future lease payments Less: short-term operating lease liability ) Long-term operating lease liability 
 
 Legal Proceedings. Lexicon is from time to time party to claims and legal proceedings that arise in the normal course of its business and that it believes will not have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 

7. 
 
 million and million, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 of million and million, respectively, is recorded separately in research and development expense and selling, general, and administrative expense as noted on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. 
 
 The fair value of stock options is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes method requiring the input of subjective assumptions. Because the Company s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management s opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options. For purposes of determining the fair value of stock options, the Company segregates its options into two homogeneous groups, based on exercise and post-vesting employment termination behaviors, resulting in different assumptions used for expected option lives. Historical data is used to estimate the expected option life for each group. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility in the Company s stock price. 
 13 

Officers and non-employee directors September 30, 2023 Employees Officers and non-employee directors 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Expired ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

8. 
 shares of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share, in a private placement at a price of per share. The Company received net proceeds of million, after deducting placement agent fees and offering expenses from the private placement offering. An affiliate of Invus, L.P. elected to participate on the same terms as each other purchaser on a pro rata basis and also agreed to vote at the Company s 2024 annual meeting of stockholders in favor of the approval of an amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation increasing the total authorized common shares thereunder from to shares (the New Charter ). 
 
 shares of common stock at par value, or shares in the aggregate. 
 14 

9. 
 
 million. Lexicon is also eligible to receive (a) up to an aggregate of million upon the achievement of specified regulatory milestones, (b) up to an aggregate of million upon the achievement of specified sales milestones and (c) tiered royalties ranging from low double-digit to upper-teens percentages of annual net sales of sotagliflozin in the Licensed Territory. 
 
 Viatris is responsible for all regulatory and commercialization activities for sotagliflozin in the Licensed Territory as well as conducting any additional clinical trials required to obtain such regulatory approvals. Lexicon and Viatris will enter into a manufacturing and supply agreement pursuant to which Lexicon will supply Viatris s development and commercial requirements of sotagliflozin, and Viatris will pay an agreed upon transfer price for such supply. 
 
 15 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a biopharmaceutical company with a mission of pioneering medicines that transform patients lives. We are devoting most of our resources to the commercialization of our approved drug and the research and development of our most advanced drug candidates: 
 
 We are commercializing INPEFA (sotagliflozin), an orally-delivered small molecule drug, in the United States to reduce the risk of cardiovascular death, hospitalization for heart failure, and urgent heart failure visits in adults with heart failure or type 2 diabetes mellitus, chronic kidney disease, or CKD, and other cardiovascular risk factors. 
 We are separately pursuing regulatory approval of ZYNQUISTA (sotagliflozin) as a treatment for type 1 diabetes. We have a pending New Drug Application, or NDA, for ZYNQUISTA as an adjunct to insulin therapy for glycemic control in adults with type 1 diabetes and CKD. The NDA is currently under review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and has been assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, goal date of December 20, 2024. We have reported positive results from three Phase 3 clinical trials of sotagliflozin in type 1 diabetes. 
 
 We are also developing sotagliflozin as a treatment for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, or HCM, and have initiated a Phase 3 clinical trial of sotagliflozin in HCM. 
 
 We are developing LX9211, an orally-delivered small molecule drug candidate, as a treatment for neuropathic pain. We are conducting a Phase 2b clinical trial of LX9211 in diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain, or DPNP, and have received Fast Track designation from the FDA for development of LX9211 in that indication. We have reported positive results from a Phase 2 clinical trial of LX9211 in DPNP and top-line results from a separate Phase 2 clinical trial of LX9211 in post-herpetic neuralgia which also demonstrated evidence of effect. 
 We are conducting preclinical development of LX9851, an orally-delivered small molecule drug candidate, as a treatment for obesity and associated cardiometabolic disorders. 
 
 We are conducting preclinical research and development and preparing to conduct clinical development of compounds from a number of additional drug programs originating from our internal drug discovery efforts. 
 
 Sotagliflozin, LX9851 and compounds from a number of additional drug programs originated from our own internal drug discovery efforts, and LX9211 originated from our collaborative neuroscience drug discovery efforts with Bristol-Myers Squibb. Our efforts were driven by a systematic, target biology-driven approach in which we used gene knockout technologies and an integrated platform of advanced medical technologies to systematically study the physiological and behavioral functions of almost 5,000 genes in mice and assessed the utility of the proteins encoded by the corresponding human genes as potential drug targets. We have identified and validated in living animals, or in vivo, more than 100 targets with promising profiles for drug discovery. 
 
 We have worked both independently and through collaborations and strategic alliances with third parties to capitalize on our drug target discoveries and research and development programs. We seek to retain exclusive or co-exclusive rights to the benefits of certain research and development programs by developing and commercializing drug candidates from those programs internally, particularly in the United States for indications treated by specialist physicians. We seek to collaborate with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with respect to the research, development and commercialization of certain of our drug candidates, particularly with respect to commercialization in territories outside the United States or commercialization in the United States for indications treated by primary care physicians, or when the collaboration may otherwise provide us with access to expertise and resources that we do not possess internally or are complementary to our own. 
 
 We have derived substantially all of our revenues from strategic collaborations and other research and development collaborations and technology licenses, as well as from commercial sales of our approved drug products. To date, we have generated a substantial portion of our revenues from a limited number of sources. 
 
 Our operating results and, in particular, our ability to generate additional revenues are dependent on many factors, including the success of our commercialization of INPEFA in the United States and the amount of revenues generated from sales of INPEFA; the success of our ongoing research and development efforts and the ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals of the drug candidates which are the subject of such efforts; our success in establishing new collaborations and licenses and our receipt of milestones, royalties and other payments under such arrangements; and general and industry-specific economic conditions which may affect research, development and commercialization expenditures. 
 
 16 

Our ability to secure future revenue-generating agreements will depend upon our ability to address the needs of our potential future collaborators and licensees, and to negotiate agreements that we believe are in our long-term best interests. We may determine, as we have with INPEFA in the United States, that our interests are better served by retaining rights to our discoveries and advancing our therapeutic programs to a later stage, which could limit our near-term revenues and increase expenses. Because of these and other factors, our operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to do so in the future, and we do not believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results are a good indication of our future performance. 
 
 Since our inception, we have incurred significant losses and, as of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 1.9 billion. Our losses have resulted principally from costs incurred in research and development, selling, general and administrative costs associated with our operations, and non-cash stock-based compensation expenses associated with stock options and restricted stock units granted to employees and consultants. Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related personnel costs, external research costs related to our nonclinical and clinical efforts, material costs, facility costs, depreciation on property and equipment, and other expenses related to our drug discovery and development programs. Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses for executive, sales and marketing, and administrative personnel, professional fees and other corporate expenses, including information technology, facilities costs and general legal activities. We expect to continue to incur significant research and development costs in connection with the continuing research and development of our drug candidates and significant selling, general and administrative expenses in connection with our commercial launch of INPEFA. As a result, we will need to generate significantly higher revenues to achieve profitability. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We believe there have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies as discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Revenues were approximately 1.8 million and 0.2 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and 4.5 million and 0.5 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 primarily from product revenues recognized from sales of INPEFA following its regulatory approval in May 2023. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 consist of third-party manufacturing costs and freight associated with sales of INPEFA. Prior to receiving regulatory approval on May 26, 2023, we had completed or begun the manufacturing of certain INPEFA raw materials. These raw materials were either received at zero-cost to us in conjunction with a terminated agreement in 2019 or recorded as research and development expense. Based on our expectations for future manufacturing costs, we estimate these amounts totaled approximately 39.0 million. We began capitalizing inventory manufactured subsequent to regulatory approval of INPEFA as the related costs were expected to be recoverable through the commercialization of the product. At September 30, 2024, substantially all of the zero-cost INPEFA raw materials remains available to us. The zero-cost inventory is expected to be consumed over approximately the next three years, which will result in a lower average per unit cost of materials during that period; however, the time period over which this inventory is consumed will depend on a number of factors, including the amount of future INPEFA sales, use of this inventory in clinical development or other research activities, production lead times, collaboration agreements, and/or the ability to utilize inventory prior to its expiration date. We estimate our cost of goods sold as a percentage of net product revenue will be less than 10 subsequent to the utilization of all of the remaining zero-cost inventory. 

17 

Research and Development Expenses 
 
 Research and development expenses and dollar and percentage changes as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year are as follows (dollar amounts are presented in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total research and development expense 25.8 17.6 57.8 44.1 Dollar increase 8.2 13.7 Percentage increase 47 31 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of third-party services principally related to preclinical and clinical development activities, salaries and other personnel-related expenses, facility and equipment costs, stock-based compensation expense and other costs, each of which are described below. 
 
 Third-party services Third-party services relate principally to our clinical trial and related development activities, such as preclinical and clinical studies and contract manufacturing. Overall, third-party services for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 66 to 18.7 million and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 43 to 36.2 million, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2023 primarily driven by higher clinical external research expense associated with our current drug candidates. 
 
 Personnel Personnel costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased to 4.2 million from 3.6 million, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased to 12.8 million from 11.1 million as compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. Salaries, bonuses, employee benefits, payroll taxes, recruiting and relocation costs are included in personnel costs. 
 
 Stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 9 to 1.5 million, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 23 to 4.7 million, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2023, due to increased headcount. 
 
 Facilities, equipment, and other Facilities, equipment, and other costs relate primarily to rent, insurance, travel and training, and software licensing costs. Facilities, equipment, and other costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 1.4 million and 1.3 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 these costs were 4.1 million and 3.8 million, respectively. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses and dollar and percentage changes as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year are as follows (dollar amounts are presented in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total selling, general and administrative expense 39.6 32.2 110.8 81.4 Dollar increase 7.4 29.4 Percentage increase 23 36 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs to support the commercialization of INPEFA and support of our research and development activities, professional and consulting fees, stock-based compensation expense, and facilities, equipment and other costs, each of which are described further below. 
 
 Personnel Personnel costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 18 to 19.0 million, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 38 to 52.6 million, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. Salaries, bonuses, employee benefits, payroll taxes, recruiting and relocation costs are included in personnel costs. The increase is driven by higher employee salaries and benefit costs, including 3.4 million in severance costs primarily reflecting the partial reduction in the field force in September 2024. 
 
 18 

Professional and consulting fees Professional and consulting fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 57 to 15.9 million, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 49 to 40.1 million, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2023, primarily due to higher marketing and professional fees in conjunction with the commercialization of INPEFA. 
 
 Stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 48 to 1.3 million, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 1 to 7.2 million, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2023 reflecting forfeitures of unvested awards due to decreased headcount, including the partial reduction in the field force in September 2024. 
 
 Facilities, equipment, and other Facilities, equipment, and other costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 3.4 million and 3.5 million, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 10.9 million and 8.9 million, respectively. The increase was primarily due to travel in conjunction with the commercialization of INPEFA. 
 
 Interest and Other Expense 
 Interest and Other Expense. Interest and other expense was 4.6 million and 3.9 million, respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and 11.7 million and 7.7 million, respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, reflecting the additional 50 million borrowed under the Oxford Term Loans in June 2023. 
 
 Interest Income and Other, Net 
 Interest Income and Other, Net. Interest income and other, net increased to 3.4 million from 3.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased to 9.5 million from 5.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the corresponding periods in 2023, reflecting the increase in cash and investments due to net proceeds received from the March 2024 convertible preferred stock issuance. 
 
 Net Loss and Net Loss per Common Share 
 Net loss and Net loss per Common Share. Net loss was 64.8 million, or 0.18 net loss per share, in the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to a net loss of 50.5 million, or 0.21 net loss per share, in the corresponding period in 2023. Net loss was 166.6 million, or 0.54 net loss per share, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to a net loss of 127.4 million, or 0.60 net loss per share, in the corresponding period in 2023. 
 Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to do so in the future, and we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results are not a good indication of our future performance. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have financed our operations from inception primarily through sales of common and preferred stock, contract and milestone payments we received under our collaborations and strategic licenses, target validation, database subscription and technology license agreements, product sales, government grants and contracts, and financing under debt, lease and other project financing arrangements, as well as from commercial sales of our approved drug products. 
 In March 2022, we entered into a loan and security agreement with Oxford that provides up to 150 million in borrowing capacity, available in five tranches, under which 100 million has been funded under the first three tranches. The fourth 25 million tranche is available for draw at our option upon the achievement of specified INPEFA net sales and until April 25, 2025. The fifth 25 million tranche is available for draw at our option, subject to Oxford s consent, at any time prior to the expiration of the 60-month interest-only payment period with an amortization date of May 1, 2027. Payments of 34.8 million, 52.2 million, and 20.0 million, including debt principal and final exit fee payments, will be due during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2027, December 31, 2028 and December 31, 2029, respectively, with respect to all borrowed loan tranches as of September 30, 2024. 
 The loan and security agreement includes a financial covenant relating to net product revenue, which will be effective as of the quarter ending June 30, 2026, and a separate financial covenant which requires us to maintain a minimum unrestricted cash and investments balance of 50 of the outstanding principal amount through June 30, 2026, tested monthly as of the last day of each month. In addition, we are separately required to maintain a quarterly minimum unrestricted cash and investments balance of 10 million until the achievement of specified INPEFA net sales (which will be satisfied by meeting the monthly minimum unrestricted cash and investments covenant noted above). Upon funding of the fourth tranche, the quarterly minimum 
 19 

unrestricted cash and investments balance requirement will increase to 25 million. For additional information, please refer to Note 5 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In December 2023, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement SM with Jefferies LLC pursuant to which we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate sales price of up to 75 million from time to time through Jefferies as sales agent. As of September 30, 2024, the full amount is still available for issuance under the agreement. 
 On March 11, 2024, we entered into an agreement with certain accredited investors pursuant to which we agreed to sell 2,304,147 shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, at a price of 108.50 per share. We received net proceeds of 241.4 million, after deducting placement agent fees and offering expenses from the private placement offering. On May 10, 2024, each share of preferred stock was converted into 50 shares of our common stock, or an aggregate of 115,207,350 shares. For additional information on the private placement offering, please refer to Note 8 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On October 16, 2024, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Viatris for the development and commercialization of sotagliflozin in all markets outside of the United States and Europe pursuant to which we received an upfront payment of 25 million. For additional information on the exclusive license agreement, please refer to Note 9 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 258.4 million and 170.0 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, respectively. We used cash of 157.3 million from operations in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, largely reflective of the net loss for the period of 166.6 million which included non-cash charges of 6.9 million primarily related to stock-based compensation expense. Investing activities used cash of 69.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to net purchases of investments. Financing activities provided cash of 238.5 million, primarily from the issuance of sale of 2,304,147 shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in a private placement in March 2024 at a price of 108.50 per share. The preferred shares were converted into an aggregate of 115,207,350 common shares in May 2024. 
 Other commitments. Upon the regulatory approval of sotagliflozin for the treatment of type 1 diabetes in a major market, we will be required to make certain royalty payments, totaling 4.5 million, in three equal annual installments of 1.5 million. Under our drug discovery alliance with Bristol-Myers Squibb, we will be required to make a milestone payment of 5 million upon dosing of the first patient in a Phase 3 clinical trial of LX9211. 
 For a further discussion of our commitments and contingencies see Note 6 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 Our future capital requirements will be substantial and will depend on many factors, including the success of our commercialization of INPEFA in the United States; the success of our commercial launch of ZYNQUISTA for patients with type 1 diabetes and CKD, if approved; the success of our ongoing research and development efforts and the ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals of the drug candidates which are the subject of such efforts; our success in establishing new collaborations and licenses and our receipt of milestones, royalties and other payments under such arrangements; the amount and timing of our research, development and commercialization expenditures; the resources we devote to commercializing, developing and supporting our products and other factors. Our capital requirements will also be affected by any expenditures we make in connection with license agreements and acquisitions of and investments in complementary technologies and businesses. 
 We expect to continue to devote substantial capital resources to the commercialization of INPEFA for heart failure; the commercial launch of ZYNQUISTA for patients with type 1 diabetes and CKD, if approved; the research and development of our drug candidates; and for other general corporate activities. We believe that our current unrestricted cash and investment balances as well as future revenues will be sufficient to fund our currently planned operations for at least the next 12 months from the date of this report. In future periods, if cash on hand or generated by operations is insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, we will need to obtain additional liquidity through future strategic and other collaborations or sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional credit arrangements. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing when needed, we may have to delay or reduce the scope of our commercialization efforts or one or more of our clinical trials and other research and development programs. Additional financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. The sale of additional equity or convertible debt securities may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 
 From time to time, our board of directors may authorize us to repurchase shares of our common stock. If and when our board of directors should determine to authorize any such action, it would be on terms and under market conditions that our board of directors determines are in the best interest of us and our stockholders. Any such actions could deplete significant amounts of our cash resources and/or result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 
 
 20 

Disclosure about Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to limited market and credit risk on our cash equivalents which have maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. We had approximately 258.4 million in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments as of September 30, 2024. We maintain a short-term investment portfolio which consists of U.S. Treasury bills and corporate debt securities that mature three to 12 months from the time of purchase, which we believe are subject to limited market and credit risk. We currently do not hedge interest rate exposure or hold any derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio. 
 We are subject to interest rate sensitivity on our outstanding Oxford Term Loans which bear interest at a floating rate equal to the 1-month CME Term SOFR rate. Interest on the Oxford Term Loans is payable in cash monthly and the term loans are fully matured by March 2029, unless earlier repaid in accordance with their terms. 
 We have operated primarily in the United States and substantially all sales to date have been made in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, we have not had any material exposure to foreign currency rate fluctuations. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 See Disclosure about Market Risk under Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file under the Securities Exchange Act is gathered, analyzed and disclosed with adequate timeliness, accuracy and completeness, based on an evaluation of such controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 21 

Part II -- Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are from time to time party to claims and legal proceedings that arise in the normal course of our business and that we believe will not have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The following risks and uncertainties are important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements. The factors described below are not the only ones we face and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We depend heavily on the commercial success of INPEFA in heart failure. If we do not achieve commercial success with INPEFA, our business will suffer significant adverse consequences. 
 
 We depend heavily on our ability to obtain regulatory approval in the United States for ZYNQUISTA in patients with type 1 diabetes and CKD. If we fail to obtain such regulatory approval, our business will suffer significant adverse consequences. 
 
 We depend heavily on our ability to successfully complete and obtain positive results from our ongoing PROGRESS Phase 2b clinical trial of LX9211 in DPNP. If we fail to successfully complete and obtain positive results from such clinical trial, or if the progress of such clinical trial is delayed beyond our expected timelines, our business will suffer significant adverse consequences. 
 
 We depend heavily on our ability to successfully complete and obtain positive results from our ongoing SONATA Phase 3 clinical trial of sotagliflozin in HCM. If we fail to successfully complete and obtain positive results from such clinical trial, or if the progress of such clinical trial is delayed beyond our expected timelines, our business will suffer significant adverse consequences. 
 
 Clinical testing of our drug candidates in humans is an inherently risky and time-consuming process that may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy, which could result in the delay, limitation or prevention of regulatory approval. 
 
 Our drug candidates are subject to a lengthy and uncertain regulatory process that may not result in the necessary regulatory approvals, which could adversely affect our and our collaborators ability to commercialize products. 
 
 The commercial success of any products that we or our collaborators may develop will depend upon the degree of market acceptance among physicians, patients, health care payers and the medical community. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain an effective sales force, marketing infrastructure and distribution capabilities, we will not be able to successfully commercialize any products that we or our collaborators may develop. 
 
 If we are unable to establish adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers for any products that we or our collaborators may develop, our revenues and prospects for profitability will suffer. 
 
 We may not be able to manufacture products that we or our collaborators may develop in commercial quantities, which would impair our ability to commercialize such products. 
 
 We and our collaborators are subject to extensive and rigorous ongoing regulation relating to any products that we or our collaborators may develop. 
 
 We are subject to certain healthcare laws, regulation and enforcement; our failure to comply with those laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Current healthcare laws and regulations and future legislative or regulatory reforms to the healthcare system may negatively affect our revenues and prospects for profitability. 
 
 Our competitors may develop products that impair the value of any products that we or our collaborators may develop. 
 
 22 

The outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, had an adverse impact historically on our business operations and clinical trials and another global health pandemic could adversely affect our business in the future. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Requirements and Financial Results 
 
 We will need additional capital in the future and, if it is unavailable, we will be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs. If additional capital is not available on reasonable terms, we will be forced to obtain funds, if at all, by entering into financing agreements on unattractive terms. 
 
 We may not have sufficient capital to support Phase 3 development of LX9211 in DPNP and do not have sufficient capital to support Phase 3 development of LX9211 in neuropathic pain broadly. If we are unable to establish a strategic collaboration or other arrangement for that purpose, our capital needs will be substantially higher and we may be unable to obtain financing sufficient to fund Phase 3 development of LX9211 on acceptable terms, or at all, and may be required to forego or reduce the scope of any such Phase 3 development program. 
 
 We have a history of net losses, and we expect to continue to incur net losses and may not achieve or maintain profitability. 
 
 Our operating results have fluctuated and likely will continue to fluctuate, and we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results are not a good indication of our future performance. 
 
 We have substantial indebtedness that may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our business. 
 
 If we do not effectively manage our affirmative and restrictive covenants under the Oxford Term Loans, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Our Relationships with Third Parties 
 
 We depend on our ability to establish collaborations with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for the development and commercialization of our other drug candidates. If we are unable to establish such collaborations, or if pharmaceutical products are not successfully and timely developed and commercialized under such collaborations, our opportunities to generate revenues from our other drug candidates will be greatly reduced. 
 
 Conflicts with our collaborators could jeopardize the success of our collaborative agreements and harm our product development efforts. 
 
 We rely on third parties to carry out our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which may harm or delay our research and development efforts. 
 
 We lack the capability to manufacture commercial supplies of INPEFA and any other products which gain regulatory approval and other materials for our research and development activities relating to our drug candidates. Our reliance on third parties to manufacture our drugs and drug candidates may harm or delay our research, development and commercialization efforts. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 
 If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, third parties may be able to use our products and technologies, which could adversely affect our ability to compete in the market. 
 
 We may be involved in patent litigation and other disputes regarding intellectual property rights and may require licenses from third parties for our planned research, development and commercialization activities. We may not prevail in any such litigation or other dispute or be able to obtain required licenses. 
 
 Data breaches and cyber-attacks could compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information and cause significant damage to our business, reputational harm and financial loss. 
 
 We may be subject to damages resulting from claims that we, our employees or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 
 
 23 

Risks Related to Our Employees and Facilities 
 
 If we are unable to manage our growth, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 The loss of key personnel or the inability to attract and retain additional personnel could impair our ability to operate and expand our operations. 
 
 Our facilities are located near coastal zones, and the occurrence of a hurricane or other disaster could damage our facilities and equipment, which could harm our operations . 
 
 Risks Related to Environmental and Product Liability 
 
 We have used hazardous chemicals and radioactive and biological substances in our business. Any claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of these substances could be time consuming and costly. 
 
 Our business has a substantial risk of product liability and we face potential product liability exposure far in excess of our limited insurance coverage. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 Invus, L.P. and its affiliates own a substantial interest in our outstanding common stock and may have interests which conflict with those of our other stockholders. 
 
 Invus has additional rights under its stockholders agreement relating to the membership of our board of directors and under our certificate of incorporation relating to preemptive and consent rights, which provide Invus with substantial influence over significant corporate matters. 
 
 Our stock price may be extremely volatile. 
 
 Future issuances or sales of our common stock, or the perception that such issuances or sales may occur, may depress our stock price. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 For additional discussion of the risks and uncertainties that affect our business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Insider Trading Arrangements 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

24 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Separation Agreement, dated September 13, 2024, with Jeffrey L. Wade (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 13, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 10.2 Consulting Agreement, dated September 13, 2024, with Jeffrey L. Wade (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 13, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officers Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 _____________________ Filed herewith. 
 
 25 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Michael S. Exton Michael S. Exton, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Kristen L. Alexander Kristen L. Alexander Vice President, Finance and Accounting 

26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exh311certificationofprinc.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Michael S. Exton, Ph.D., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2024 s Michael S. Exton Michael S. Exton, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exh312certificationofprinc.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Kristen L. Alexander, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s Kristen L. Alexander Kristen L. Alexander Vice President, Finance and Accounting 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exh321certificationofprinc.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted), Michael S. Exton, Ph.D., Principal Executive Officer of Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Lexicon ), and Kristen L. Alexander, Principal Financial Officer of Lexicon, each hereby certify that 
 1. Lexicon's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, and to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Lexicon. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the November 13, 2024. 
 By s Michael S. Exton Michael S. Exton, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer 
 
 By s Kristen L. Alexander Kristen L. Alexander Vice President, Finance and Accounting 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 lxrx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 lxrx-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 lxrx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 lxrx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 lxrx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

