<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1468910_0001468910-24-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18616182</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>117022</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>976572</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11496914</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1857442</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3824329</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001468910-24-000016.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113165859
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001468910-24-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001468910
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54028
		FILM NUMBER:		241455386

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MILLBURN RIDGEFIELD CORPORATION
		STREET 2:		411 WEST PUTNAM AVENUE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-625-8211

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MILLBURN RIDGEFIELD CORPORATION
		STREET 2:		411 WEST PUTNAM AVENUE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001468910-24-000016.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 c910-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

c910-20240930x10q 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended: Or Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Transition Period from ___________ to ___________ Commission File Number: 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

PART I. FINANANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. Financial statements As of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) Statements of Financial Condition (a) 1 Statements of Operations (c) 2 Statements of Changes in Partners' Capital (b) 4 Statements of Financial Highlights (c) 6 Notes to Financial Statements 10 (a) At September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 (b) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) (c) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 

Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. Statements of Financial Condit ion ASSETS September 30, 2024 (unaudited) December 31, 2023 Investment in Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. (the Master Fund Due from the Master Fund Cash and cash equivalents Total assets LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS CAPITAL LIABILITIES: Capital contributions received in advance Capital withdrawals payable to Limited Partners Other liabilities - Total liabilities PARTNERS CAPITAL: General Partner Limited partners: Series A and units outstanding) Series B and units outstanding) Series C and units outstanding) Series D and units outstanding) Series E and units outstanding) Total limited partners Total partners capital TOTAL NET ASSET VALUE PER UNIT OUTSTANDING: Series A Series B Series C Series D Series E as of March 1, 2023 
 See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) 

 1 

Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. Statements of Operatio ns (unaudited) 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 INVESTMENT INCOME: Interest income - Interest income, net (allocated from the Master Fund) (1) Total interest income EXPENSES: Brokerage commissions (allocated from the Master Fund) (1) Management fees (allocated from the Master Fund) (1) Selling commissions and platform fees (allocated from the Master Fund) (1) Administrative and operating expenses (allocated from the Master Fund) (1) Custody fees and other expenses (allocated from the Master Fund) (1) Total expenses NET INVESTMENT INCOME REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAINS (LOSSES) ALLOCATED FROM THE MASTER FUND (1) Net realized gains (losses) on closed positions: Futures and forward currency contracts Foreign exchange transaction Net change in unrealized: Futures and forward currency contracts Foreign exchange translation Net gains (losses) from U.S. Treasury notes: Realized Net change in unrealized Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) allocated from the Master Fund NET INCOME (LOSS) LESS PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION TO (FROM) THE MASTER FUND NET INCOME (LOSS) AFTER PROFIT SHARE NET INCOME (LOSS) PER UNIT OUTSTANDING: Series A Series B Series C Series D Series E (1) Fund for the period ended. 
 See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

 2 

Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. Statements of Operations (unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 INVESTMENT INCOME: Interest income Interest income, net (allocated from the Master Fund) (1) Total interest income EXPENSES: Brokerage commissions (allocated from the Master Fund) (1) Management fees (allocated from the Master Fund) (1) Selling commissions and platform fees (allocated from the Master Fund) (1) Administrative and operating expenses (allocated from the Master Fund) (1) Custody fees and other expenses (allocated from the Master Fund) (1) Total expenses NET INVESTMENT INCOME (LOSS) REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAINS (LOSSES) ALLOCATED FROM THE MASTER FUND (1) Net realized gains (losses) on closed positions: Futures and forward currency contracts Foreign exchange transaction Net change in unrealized: Futures and forward currency contracts Foreign exchange translation Net gains (losses) from U.S. Treasury notes: Realized Net change in unrealized Net realized and unrealized gains allocated from the Master Fund NET INCOME LESS PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION TO THE MASTER FUND NET INCOME AFTER PROFIT SHARE NET INCOME PER UNIT OUTSTANDING: Series A Series B Series C Series D Series E (1) The Partnership s proportionate share of income and expenses allocated from the Master Fund for the period ended. Series E commenced on March 1, 2023 
 See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) (Concluded) 

 3 

Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. Statements of Changes in Partners' Capital (unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Limited Partners General Partner Series A Series B Series C Series D Series E Total Amount Amount Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount PARTNERS' CAPITAL January 1, 2024 Capital contributions - - - - - Capital withdrawals - - Net income before profit share - - - - - Profit share - - - - - - - PARTNERS' CAPITAL September 30, 2024 Net Asset Value per Unit at September 30, 2024 See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

4 

Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. Statements of Changes in Partners' Capital (unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Limited Partners General Partner Series A Series B Series C Series D Series E Total Amount Amount Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount PARTNERS' CAPITAL January 1, 2023 - - Capital contributions - Capital withdrawals - - - Net income before profit share - - - - - Profit share - - - - - - - PARTNERS' CAPITAL September 30, 2023 Net Asset Value per Unit at September 30, 2023 .00 as of March 1, 2023 See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) (Concluded) 

5 

Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. Statement of Financial Highlights (UNAUDITED) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 The following information presents per unit operating performance data for each series for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Per Unit Performance (For a Unit Outstanding Throughout the Period) Series A Series B Series C Series D Series E NET ASSET VALUE PER UNIT Beginning of period INCOME (LOSS) ALLOCATED FROM THE MASTER FUND: Net investment income (1) Total trading and investing losses (1) Net loss before profit share allocation from the Master Fund Less: profit share allocation from the Master Fund (1) (6) Net loss from operations after profit share allocation from the Master Fund NET ASSET VALUE PER UNIT End of period TOTAL RETURN BEFORE PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER FUND (2) LESS: PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER FUND (2) (6) TOTAL RETURN AFTER PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER FUND (2) RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSET VALUE: Expenses (3) (4) (5) Profit share allocation from the Master Fund (2) (6) Total expenses Net investment income (3) (4) (5) (1) The net investment income per unit and profit share allocation from the Master Fund per unit is calculated by dividing the net investment income and profit share allocation from the Master Fund by the average number of units outstanding during the period. Total trading and investing gains is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per unit with the other per unit information. (2) Not Annualized. (3) Annualized. (4) Includes the Partnership s proportionate share of income (if applicable) and expense allocated from the Master Fund. (5) Excludes profit share allocation from the Master Fund. (6) Profit share for Series B and C is calculated based on Series B and C aggregate trading profits and may be impacted by rebalancing due to monthly capital activity. See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

6 

Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. Statement of Financial Highlights (UNAUDITED) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 The following information presents per unit operating performance data for each series for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Per Unit Performance (For a Unit Outstanding Throughout the Period) Series A Series B Series C Series D Series E NET ASSET VALUE PER UNIT Beginning of period INCOME (LOSS) ALLOCATED FROM THE MASTER FUND: Net investment income (1) Total trading and investing gains (1) Net income before profit share allocation from the Master Fund Less: profit share allocation from the Master Fund (1) (6) Net income from operations after profit share allocation from the Master Fund NET ASSET VALUE PER UNIT End of period TOTAL RETURN BEFORE PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER FUND (2) LESS: PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION TO (FROM) THE MASTER FUND (2) (6) TOTAL RETURN AFTER PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER FUND (2) RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSET VALUE: Expenses (3) (4) (5) Profit share allocation from the Master Fund (2) (6) Total expenses Net investment income (3) (4) (5) (1) The net investment income per unit and profit share allocation from the Master Fund per unit is calculated by dividing the net investment income and profit share allocation from the Master Fund by the average number of units outstanding during the period. Total trading and investing loss is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per unit with the other per unit information. (2) Not Annualized. (3) Annualized. (4) Includes the Partnership s proportionate share of income (if applicable) and expense allocated from the Master Fund. (5) Excludes profit share allocation from the Master Fund. (6) Profit share for Series B and C is calculated based on Series B and C aggregate trading profits and may be impacted by rebalancing due to monthly capital activity. See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) (Concluded) 

7 

Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. Statement of Financial Highlights (UNAUDITED) For the three months ended September 30, 2023 The following information presents per unit operating performance data for each series for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Per Unit Performance (For a Unit Outstanding Throughout the Period) Series A Series B Series C Series D Series E (7) NET ASSET VALUE PER UNIT Beginning of period INCOME ALLOCATED FROM THE MASTER FUND: Net investment income (1) Total trading and investing gains (1) Net income before profit share allocation from the Master Fund Less: profit share allocation from the Master Fund (1) (6) Net income from operations after profit share allocation from the Master Fund NET ASSET VALUE PER UNIT End of period TOTAL RETURN BEFORE PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER FUND (2) LESS: PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION TO THE MASTER FUND (2) (6) TOTAL RETURN AFTER PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER FUND (2) RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSET VALUE: Expenses (3) (4) (5) Profit share allocation from the Master Fund (2) (6) Total expenses Net investment income (3) (4) (5) (1) The net investment income per unit and profit share allocation from the Master Fund per unit is calculated by dividing the net investment loss and profit share allocation from the Master Fund by the average number of units outstanding during the period. Total trading and investing gains is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per unit with the other per unit information. (2) Not Annualized. (3) Annualized. (4) Includes the Partnership s proportionate share of income (if applicable) and expense allocated from the Master Fund. (5) Excludes profit share allocation from the Master Fund. (6) Profit share for Series B and C is calculated based on Series B and C aggregate trading profits and may be impacted by rebalancing due to monthly capital activity. (7) Initial offering price for Series E was as of March 1, 2023. See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

8 

Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. Statement of Financial Highlights (UNAUDITED) For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 The following information presents per unit operating performance data for each series for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Per Unit Performance (For a Unit Outstanding Throughout the Period) Series A Series B Series C Series D Series E (7) NET ASSET VALUE PER UNIT Beginning of period INCOME (LOSS) ALLOCATED FROM THE MASTER FUND: Net investment income (loss) (1) Total trading and investing gains (1) Net income before profit share allocation from the Master Fund Less: profit share allocation from the Master Fund (1) (6) Net income from operations after profit share allocation from the Master Fund NET ASSET VALUE PER UNIT End of period TOTAL RETURN BEFORE PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER FUND (2) LESS: PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION TO THE MASTER FUND (2) (6) TOTAL RETURN AFTER PROFIT SHARE ALLOCATION FROM THE MASTER FUND (2) RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSET VALUE: Expenses (3) (4) (5) Profit share allocation from the Master Fund (2) (6) Total expenses Net investment income (loss) (3) (4) (5) (1) The net investment income (loss) per unit and profit share allocation from the Master Fund per unit is calculated by dividing the net investment income (loss) and profit share allocation from the Master Fund by the average number of units outstanding during the period. Total trading and investing gains is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per unit with the other per unit information. (2) Not Annualized. (3) Annualized. (4) Includes the Partnership s proportionate share of income (if applicable) and expense allocated from the Master Fund. (5) Excludes profit share allocation from the Master Fund. (6) Profit share for Series B and C is calculated based on Series B and C aggregate trading profits and may be impacted by rebalancing due to monthly capital activity. (7) Initial offering price for Series E was as of March 1, 2023. See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) (Concluded) 

9 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUD ITED) and , respectively, of total partners capital of the Master Fund. See the attached financial statements of the Master Fund. redemption charges owed to the General Partner. . 

 10 

Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. Financial statements As of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) Statements of Financial Condition (a) 12 Condensed Schedules of Investments (a) 13 Statements of Operations (c) 17 Statements of Changes in Partners' Capital (b) 19 Statements of Financial Highlights (c) 20 Notes to Financial Statements 22 (a) At September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 (b) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) (c) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 

Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. Statements of Financial Condit ion ASSETS September 30, 2024 (unaudited) December 31, 2023 EQUITY IN TRADING ACCOUNTS: Investments in U.S. Treasury notes at fair value (amortized cost and Net unrealized appreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts Due from brokers, net Cash denominated in foreign currencies (cost and Total equity in trading accounts INVESTMENTS IN U.S. TREASURY NOTES at fair value (amortized cost and CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ACCRUED INTEREST RECEIVABLE OTHER ASSETS TOTAL LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS CAPITAL LIABILITIES: Net unrealized depreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts Cash overdrafts denominated in foreign currencies (cost and - Subscriptions received in advance Capital withdrawal payable to Limited Partners Capital withdrawal payable to General Partner - Management fee payable Selling commissions payable Accrued expenses Commissions and other trading fees on open futures contracts Accrued profit share - Total liabilities PARTNERS CAPITAL TOTAL 
 See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) 

 12 

Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. Condensed Schedule of Investme nts (unaudited) September 30, 2024 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Net Unrealized as a of Appreciation FUTURES AND FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACTS Partners Capital (Depreciation) FUTURES CONTRACTS Long futures contracts: Currencies Energies Grains Interest rates Metals Softs Stock indices Total long futures contracts Short futures contracts: Currencies Energies Grains Interest rates Livestock Metals Softs Stock indices Total short futures contracts TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN FUTURES CONTRACTS Net FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACTS Total long forward currency contracts Total short forward currency contracts TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACTS Net TOTAL (Continued) 

13 

Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. Condensed Schedule of Investments (unaudited) September 30, 2024 U.S. TREASURY NOTES Face Amount Description Fair Value as a of Partners' Capital Fair Value U.S. Treasury notes, , U.S. Treasury notes, , U.S. Treasury notes, , Total investments in U.S. Treasury notes (amortized cost 
 See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) (Concluded) 

14 

Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. Condensed Schedule of Investments December 31, 2023 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Net Unrealized as a of Appreciation FUTURES AND FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACTS Partners Capital (Depreciation) FUTURES CONTRACTS Long futures contracts: Currencies Energies Interest rates Livestock Metals Softs Stock indices Total long futures contracts Short futures contracts: Currencies Energies Grains Interest rates Livestock Metals Softs Stock indices Total short futures contracts TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN FUTURES CONTRACTS Net FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACTS Total long forward currency contracts Total short forward currency contracts TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN FORWARD CURRENCY CONTRACTS Net TOTAL (Continued) 

15 

Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. Condensed Schedule of Investments December 31, 2023 U.S. TREASURY NOTES Face Amount Description Fair Value as a of Partners' Capital Fair Value U.S. Treasury notes, , U.S. Treasury notes, , U.S. Treasury notes, , U.S. Treasury notes, , Total investments in U.S. Treasury notes (amortized cost 
 See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) (Concluded) 

16 

Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. Statements of Operations (una udited) For the three months ended September 30 September 30 2024 2023 INVESTMENT INCOME Interest income, net EXPENSES: Brokerage commissions Management fees Selling commissions and platform fees Administrative and operating expenses Custody fees and other expenses Total expenses NET INVESTMENT INCOME REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAINS (LOSSES): Net realized gains (losses) on closed positions: Futures and forward currency contracts Foreign exchange transaction Net change in unrealized: Futures and forward currency contracts Foreign exchange translation Net gains (losses) from U.S. Treasury notes Realized Net change in unrealized Total net realized and unrealized gains (losses) NET INCOME (LOSS) LESS PROFIT SHARE TO (FROM) GENERAL PARTNER NET INCOME (LOSS) AFTER PROFIT SHARE TO GENERAL PARTNER 
 See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) 

 17 

Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. Statements of Operations (unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30 September 30 2024 2023 INVESTMENT INCOME Interest income, net EXPENSES: Brokerage commissions Management fees Selling commissions and platform fees Administrative and operating expenses Custody fees and other expenses Total expenses NET INVESTMENT INCOME REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAINS (LOSSES): Net realized gains (losses) on closed positions: Futures and forward currency contracts Foreign exchange transaction Net change in unrealized: Futures and forward currency contracts Foreign exchange translation Net gains (losses) from U.S. Treasury notes Realized Net change in unrealized Total net realized and unrealized gains NET INCOME LESS PROFIT SHARE TO GENERAL PARTNER NET INCOME AFTER PROFIT SHARE TO GENERAL PARTNER 

18 

Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. Statements of Changes in Partners' Cap ital (unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Limited Partners New Profit Memo Account General Partner Total PARTNERS' CAPITAL - January 1, 2024 - Contributions - Withdrawals - - Net income (loss) before profit share General Partner's allocation - profit share - - PARTNERS' CAPITAL- September 30, 2024 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Limited Partners New Profit Memo Account General Partner Total PARTNERS' CAPITAL - January 1, 2023 - Contributions - Withdrawals - - Net income before profit share General Partner's allocation - profit share - - PARTNERS' CAPITAL- September 30, 2023 - - - 
 See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) 

 19 

Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. Statements of Financial High lights (unaudited) The following information presents financial highlights of a Limited Partner that is charged a monthly management fee of 1/12 of 1.75 and an annual profit share of of Trading Profits (as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement). For the three months ended For the nine months ended September 30 September 30 September 30 September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total return before General Partner profit share allocation (3) Less: General Partner profit share allocation (3) - Total return after General Partner profit share allocation (3) Ratios to average net asset value: Expenses (1) (4) General Partner profit share allocation (3) - Total expenses (1) Net investment income (1) (2) (4) Total returns and the ratios to average net asset value are calculated for a Limited Partner. (1) Includes the Limited Partner's proportionate share of expenses allocated from the Master Fund's operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. (2) Excludes General Partner profit share allocation and includes interest income. (3) Not Annualized. (4) Annualized. 
 See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) 

 20 

Millburn Multi-Markets Trading L.P. Statements of Financial Highlights (unaudited) The following information presents financial highlights for Limited Partners as a whole. For the three months ended For the nine months ended September 30 September 30 September 30 September 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total return before General Partner profit share allocation (3) Less: General Partner profit share allocation (3) Total return after General Partner profit share allocation (3) Ratios to average net asset value: Expenses (1) (4) General Partner profit share allocation (3) Total expenses (1) Net investment income (1) (2) (4) Total returns and the ratios to average net asset value are calculated for a Limited Partner. An individual Limited Partner s total returns and ratios may vary from the above total returns and ratios based on different management fee and General Partner profit share allocation agreements and the timing of contributions and withdrawals. (1) Includes the Limited Partners' proportionate share of expenses allocated from the Master Fund's operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. (2) Excludes General Partner profit share allocation and includes interest income. (3) Not Annualized. (4) Annualized. 
 See notes to financial statements (Unaudited) 

 21 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEME NTS Cayman Feeder Total 
 The capital withdrawals payable at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were and , respectively, as detailed below. Partnership Cayman Feeder Total 
 (1) Includes General Partner s profit share of at December 31, 2023. 

 22 

transfers of assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2. The following tables represent the Master Fund s investments by hierarchical level as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 in valuing the Master Fund s investments at fair value. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Master Fund had assets or liabilities in Level 3. 

 23 

- Short-Term Money Market Fund - Exchange-traded futures contracts Currencies - Energies - Grains - Interest rates - Livestock - Metals - Softs - Stock indices - Total exchange-traded futures contracts - Over-the-counter forward currency contracts - Total futures and forward currency contracts (2) Total financial assets and liabilities at fair value Per line item in Statements of Financial Condition (1) Investments in U.S. Treasury notes held in equity trading accounts as collateral Investments in U.S. Treasury notes held in custody Total investments in U.S. Treasury notes (2) Net unrealized appreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts Net unrealized depreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts Total net unrealized appreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts The short-term money market fund is included in Cash and Cash Equivalents on the Statements of Financial Condition. 

24 

- Short-Term Money Market Fund - Exchange-traded futures contracts Currencies - Energies - Grains - Interest rates - Livestock - Metals - Softs - Stock indices - Total exchange-traded futures contracts - Over-the-counter forward currency contracts - Total futures and forward currency contracts (2) Total financial assets and liabilities at fair value Per line item in Statements of Financial Condition (1) Investments in U.S. Treasury notes held in equity trading accounts as collateral Investments in U.S. Treasury notes Total investments in U.S. Treasury notes (2) Net unrealized appreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts Net unrealized depreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts Total net unrealized depreciation on open futures and forward currency contracts The short-term money market fund is included in Cash and Cash Equivalents on the Statements of Financial Condition. 

25 

26 

Energies Grains Interest rates Livestock - - Metals Softs Stock indices Total futures contracts Forward currency contracts Total futures and forward currency contracts 
 Fair value of futures and forward currency contracts at December 31, 2023 Net Unrealized Fair Value - Long Positions Fair Value - Short Positions Gain (Loss) on Sector Gains Losses Gains Losses Open Positions Futures contracts: Currencies Energies - Grains - - Interest rates Livestock - - Metals Softs - Stock indices Total futures contracts Forward currency contracts Total futures and forward currency contracts 

27 

The effect of trading futures and forward currency contracts is represented on the Master Fund s Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 as Net realized gains (losses) on closed positions: Futures and forward currency contracts and Net change in unrealized: Futures and forward currency contracts. These trading gains and losses are detailed below. Trading gains (losses) of futures and forward currency contracts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Energies Grains Interest rates Livestock Metals Softs Stock indices Total futures contracts Forward currency contracts Total futures and forward currency contracts 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the monthly average number of futures contracts bought and sold and the monthly average notional value of forward currency contracts traded are detailed below: Average sold Average notional (in billions) 
 The customer agreements between the Master Fund, the futures clearing brokers including, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG), BofA Securities, Inc. (formerly Merrill Lynch Pierce, Fenner Smith Inc.) and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, as well as the FX prime brokers, Deutsche Bank AG DB and Bank of America, N.A. BA ), give the Master Fund the legal right to net unrealized gains and losses on open futures and forward currency contracts. The Master Fund netted, for financial reporting purposes, the unrealized gains and losses on open futures and forward currency contracts on the Statements of Financial Condition as the criteria under FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 210, Balance Sheet , were met. 
 
 28 

Counterparty L Total futures contracts Total assets Gross amounts Net amounts of offset in the liabilities presented in Gross amounts of Statements of the Statements of Liabilities recognized liabilities Financial Condition Financial Condition Futures contracts Counterparty J Total futures contracts Forward currency contracts Counterparty G Counterparty K Total forward currency contracts Total liabilities 

29 

- - Counterparty L - - Total - - Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition Net amounts of Liabilities presented in the Counterparty Statements of Financial Financial Collateral Condition Instruments Pledged (1)(2) Net Amount (4) Counterparty J - - Counterparty G - - Counterparty K - - Total - - (1) Collateral received includes trades made on exchanges. These trades are subject to central counterparty clearing where settlement is guaranteed by the exchange. Collateral pledged includes both cash and U.S. Treasury notes held at each respective counterparty. (2) Collateral disclosed is limited to an amount not to exceed 100 of the net amount of liabilities presented in the Statements of Financial Condition, for each respective counterparty. (3) Net amount represents the amount that is subject to loss in the event of a counterparty failure as of September 30, 2024. (4) Net amount represents the amounts owed by the Master Fund to each counterparty as of September 30, 2024. 

30 

Total assets Gross amounts Net amounts of offset in the liabilities presented in Gross amounts of Statements of the Statements of Liabilities recognized liabilities Financial Condition Financial Condition Futures contracts Counterparty J Counterparty L Total futures contracts Forward currency contracts Counterparty G Counterparty K Total forward currency contracts Total liabilities 

31 

- - Total - - Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition Net amounts of Liabilities presented in the Counterparty Statements of Financial Financial Collateral Condition Instruments Pledged (1)(2) Net Amount (4) Counterparty J - - Counterparty L - - Counterparty G - - Counterparty K - - Total - - (1) Collateral received includes trades made on exchanges. These trades are subject to central counterparty clearing where settlement is guaranteed by the exchange. Collateral pledged includes both cash and U.S. Treasury notes held at each respective counterparty. (2) Collateral disclosed is limited to an amount not to exceed 100 of the net amount of liabilities presented in the Statements of Financial Condition, for each respective counterparty. (3) Net amount represents the amount that is subject to loss in the event of a counterparty failure as of December 31, 2023. (4) Net amount represents the amounts owed by the Master Fund to each counterparty as of December 31, 2023. 
 CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of a contract. Credit risk is normally reduced to the extent that an exchange or clearing organization acts as a counterparty to futures transactions since typically the collective credit of the members of the exchange is pledged to support the financial integrity of the exchange. The General Partner seeks to minimize credit risk primarily by depositing and maintaining the Master Fund s assets at financial institutions and trading counterparties which the General Partner believes to be creditworthy. In addition, for OTC forward currency contracts, the Master Fund enters into master netting agreements with its counterparties. Collateral posted at the various counterparties for trading of futures and forward currency contracts includes cash and U.S. Treasury notes. and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

 32 

Reversal of profit share (1) Profit share accrued Total profit share 
 Nine months ended: Nine months ended: September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Profit share earned Profit share accrued Total profit share (1) Reversal of profit sharing occurs on July 1st 
 per annum) and of Trading Profits and 2) Limited Partners capital taken as a whole. The computation of such ratios based on the amount of expenses and profit share allocation assessed to an individual partner s capital account may vary from these ratios based on the timing of capital transactions and differences in individual partners management fee, selling commission, platform fee and profit share allocation arrangements. Returns are calculated based on 1) a Limited Partner that is charged a monthly management fee of 1/12 of 1.75 per annum) and of Trading Profits and 2) Limited Partners capital taken as a whole. An individual partner s returns may vary from these returns based on the timing of capital transactions and differences in individual partners management fee, selling commission, platform fee and profit share allocation arrangements. ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Reference is made to Item 1, "Financial Statements. The information contained therein is essential to, and should be read in connection with, the following analysis. OPERATIONAL OVERVIEW The Partnership invests substantially all of its assets in the Master Fund. Due to the nature of the Master Fund's business, its results of operations depend on the General Partner's ability to recognize and capitalize on trends and other profit opportunities in different sectors of the global capital and commodity markets. The General Partner's investment and trading methods are confidential so that substantially the only information that can be furnished regarding the Master Fund's results of operations is contained in the performance record of its trading. Unlike operating businesses, general economic or seasonal conditions do not directly affect the profit potential of the Master Fund, and its past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. The General Partner believes, however, that there are certain market conditions, for example, markets with strong price trends, in which the Master Fund has a better likelihood of being profitable than in others. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Units may be offered for sale as of the beginning, and may be redeemed as of the end, of each month. 

 33 

The amount of capital raised for the Partnership should not have a significant impact on its operations, as the Partnership and the Master Fund have no significant capital expenditure or working capital requirements other than for monies to pay trading losses, brokerage commissions and charges. Within broad ranges of capitalization, the General Partner s trading positions should increase or decrease in approximate proportion to the size of the Master Fund (in which the Partnership participates). The Partnership raises additional capital only through the sale of Units and capital is increased through trading profits (if any). Neither the Partnership nor the Master Fund engages in borrowing. The Master Fund trades futures, forward, and spot contracts on interest rate instruments, agricultural commodities, currencies, metals, energy and stock indices, and forward contracts on currencies, and may trade options on the foregoing and swaps thereon. Risk arises from changes in the value of these contracts (market risk) and the potential inability of counterparties or brokers to perform under the terms of their contracts (credit risk). Market risk is generally measured by the face amount of the futures positions acquired and the volatility of the markets traded. The credit risk from counterparty non-performance associated with these instruments is the net unrealized gain, if any, on these positions plus the value of the margin or collateral held by the counterparty. The risks associated with exchange-traded contracts are generally perceived to be less than those associated with OTC transactions because exchanges typically (but not universally) provide clearinghouse arrangements in which the collective credit (in some cases limited in amount, in some cases not) of the members of the exchange is pledged to support the financial integrity of the exchange. In most OTC transactions, on the other hand, traders must rely (typically but not universally) solely on the credit of their respective individual counterparties. Margins which may be subject to loss in the event of a default are generally required in exchange trading and counterparties may require margin or collateral in the OTC markets. The General Partner has procedures in place to control market risk, although there can be no assurance that they will, in fact, succeed in doing so. These procedures primarily focus on (1) real time monitoring of open positions; (2) diversifying positions among various markets; (3) limiting the assets committed as margin or collateral, generally within a range of 5 to 35 of an account s net assets, though the amount may at any time be substantially higher; and (4) prohibiting pyramiding (that is, using unrealized profits in a particular market as margin for additional positions in the same market). The General Partner attempts to control credit risk by causing the Partnership and the Master Fund to deal exclusively with large, well-capitalized financial institutions as brokers and counterparties. The financial instruments traded by the Master Fund contain varying degrees of off-balance sheet risk whereby changes in the market values of the futures, forward and spot contracts or the Master Fund s satisfaction of the obligations may exceed the amount recognized in the Statements of Financial Condition of the Master Fund. Due to the nature of the Master Fund s business, substantially all its assets are represented by cash, cash equivalents and U.S. government obligations, while the Master Fund maintains its market exposure through open futures, forward and spot contract positions. The Master Fund s futures contracts are settled by offset and are cleared by the exchange clearinghouse function. Open futures positions are marked-to-market each trading day and the Master Fund s trading accounts are debited or credited accordingly. Options on futures contracts are settled either by offset or by exercise. If an option on a future is exercised, the Master Fund is assigned a position in the underlying future which is then settled by offset. The Master Fund s spot and forward currency transactions conducted in the interbank market are settled by netting offsetting positions or payment obligations and by cash payments. The value of the Master Fund s cash and financial instruments is not materially affected by inflation. Changes in interest rates, which are often associated with inflation, could cause the value of certain of the Master Fund s debt securities to decline, but only to a limited extent. More importantly, changes in interest rates could cause periods of strong up or down market price trends, during which the Master Fund s profit potential generally increases. However, inflation can also give rise to markets which have numerous short price trends followed by rapid reversals, markets in which the Master Fund is likely to suffer losses. The Master Fund s assets are generally held as cash or cash equivalents, including U.S. government securities or securities issued by federal agencies, other Commodity Futures Trading Commission-authorized investments or bank held or certain other money market instruments (e.g., bankers acceptances and Eurodollar or other time deposits), which are used to margin the Master Fund s futures, forward, and spot currency positions and withdrawn, as necessary, to pay redemptions and expenses. Other than potential market-imposed limitations on liquidity, due, for example, to limited open interest in certain futures markets or to daily price fluctuation limits, which are inherent in the Master Fund s futures, forward and spot trading, the Master Fund s assets are highly liquid and are expected to remain so. During its operations through September 30, 2024, the Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, experienced no meaningful periods of illiquidity in any of the numerous markets traded by the General Partner. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The Master Fund records its transactions in futures, forward and spot contracts, including related income and expenses, on a trade date basis. Open futures contracts traded on an exchange are valued at fair value, which is based on the closing settlement price on the exchange where the futures contract is traded by the Master Fund on the day with respect to which net assets are being determined. Open spot currency contracts are valued based on the current Spot Price. Open forward currency contracts are recorded at fair value, based on pricing models that consider the Spot Price and Forward Point. Spot Prices and Forward Points for open forward currency contracts are generally based on the median of the average midpoint of bid/ask quotations at the last minute ending at 3:00 P.M. New York time provided by widely used quotation service 

 34 

providers on the day with respect to which net assets are being determined. Forward Points from the quotation service providers are generally in periods of one month, two months, three months, six months, nine months and twelve months forward while the contractual forward delivery dates for the forward currency contracts traded by the Partnership may be in between these periods. The General Partner s policy to determine fair value for forward currency contracts involves first calculating the number of Months to Maturity, then identifying the Forward Month Contracts. Linear interpolation is then performed between the dates of these two Forward Month Contracts to calculate the interpolated Forward Point. The General Partner will also compare the calculated price to the forward currency prices provided by dealers to determine whether the calculated price is fair and reasonable. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions, such as accrual of expenses, that affect the amounts and disclosures reported in the financial statements. Based on the nature of the business and operations of the Partnership, the General Partner believes that the estimates utilized in preparing the Partnership s financial statements are appropriate and reasonable, however actual results could differ from these estimates. The estimates used do not provide a range of possible results that would require the exercise of subjective judgment. The General Partner further believes that, based on the nature of the business and operations of the Partnership, no other reasonable assumptions relating to the application of the Partnership s critical accounting estimates other than those currently used would likely result in materially different amounts from those reported. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Due to the nature of the Partnership s trading, through its investment in the Master Fund, the results of operations for the interim periods presented should not be considered indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year. 
 Periods ended September 30, 2024 
 Total Partners' Capital of the Month Ended: Partnership September 30, 2024 117,962,014 June 30, 2024 129,550,099 December 31, 2023 123,929,777 Three Months Nine Months Change in Partners' Capital (11,588,085) (5,967,763) Percent Change (8.94) (4.82) 
 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 The decrease in the Partnership s net assets of 11,588,085 was attributable to net loss after profit share of 10,269,036 and withdrawals of 1,541,218 which were partially offset by contributions of 222,169. The Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, bears all trade-related commission and clearing charges due to third-party brokers. Brokerage commissions, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 1,527 relative to the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease was due to a decrease in the average net asset value of the Partnership during the three months ended September 30, 2024, relative to the corresponding period in 2023. Management fees, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, are calculated on the net asset value of the Partnership on the last day of each month and are affected by trading performance, contributions and withdrawals. Management fees, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 52,952 relative to the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease was due to a decrease in the average net asset value of management fee paying investors of the Partnership during the three months ended September 30, 2024, relative to the corresponding period in 2023. Selling commissions and platform fees are calculated on the net asset value on the last day of each month and are affected by trading performance, contributions and withdrawals. Selling commissions and platform fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 57,671 relative to the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease was due predominantly to a decrease in the average net asset value of commission paying investors of the Partnership during the three months ended September 30, 2024, relative to the corresponding period in 2023. 

 35 

The Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, pays administrative expenses for legal, audit and accounting services. Administrative expenses, net of amounts borne by the General Partner, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 26,699 relative to the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease was due to a decrease in the average net asset value of the Partnership during the three months ended September 30, 2024, relative to the corresponding period in 2023. Interest income, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, is derived from cash and U.S. Treasury instruments held at the Master Fund s brokers and custodian. Interest income, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 4,488 relative to the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease was due to a decrease in the average net asset value of the Partnership partially offset by an increase in short-term U.S. treasury yields during the three months ended September 30, 2024, relative to the corresponding period in 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, achieved net realized and unrealized losses of 11,374,369 from trading operations (including foreign exchange transactions and translations). Management fees of 518,556, brokerage commissions of 126,475, selling commissions and platform fees of 518,327, administrative and operating expenses of 133,794, custody fees and other expenses of 5,478 were incurred. Interest income of 1,571,136 and the reversal of accrued profit share to the General Partner of 836,827 offset the Master Fund expenses allocated to the Partnership resulting in net loss after profit share of 10,269,036. An analysis of the Master Fund s trading gain (loss) by sector is as follows: Gain Sector (Loss) Currencies (3.53) Energies (3.48) Grains (0.38) Interest rates (2.60) Livestock (0.03) Metals 0.59 Softs 0.13 Stock indices 0.69 Trading loss (8.61) Percentage of the Partnership Capital. Currencies include a 0.38 gain related to currency hedging allocated at the Master Fund level solely to the Cayman Feeder s Class GBP Shares. 
 NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 The decrease in the Partnership s net assets of 5,967,763 was attributable to withdrawals of 10,363,746 which were partially offset by net income after profit share of 4,003,322 and contributions of 392,661. The Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, bears all trade-related commission and clearing charges due to third-party brokers. Brokerage commissions, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 17,186 relative to the corresponding period in 2023. The increase was due mostly to an increase in trading volume during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, relative to the corresponding period in 2023. Management fees, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, are calculated on the net asset value of the Partnership on the last day of each month and are affected by trading performance, contributions and withdrawals. Management fees, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 72,525 relative to the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease was due to a decrease in the average net asset value of the management fee paying investors of the Partnership during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, relative to the corresponding period in 2023. Selling commissions and platform fees are calculated on the net asset value on the last day of each month and are affected by trading performance, contributions and withdrawals. Selling commissions and platform fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 68,062 relative to the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease was due predominantly to a decrease in the average net asset value of commission paying investors of the Partnership during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, relative to the corresponding period in 2023. 

 36 

The Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, pays administrative expenses for legal, audit and accounting services. Administrative expenses, net of amounts borne by the General Partner, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 27,815 relative to the corresponding period in 2023. The decrease was due to a decrease in the average net asset value of the Partnership during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, relative to the corresponding period in 2023. Interest income, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, is derived from cash and U.S. Treasury instruments held at the Master Fund s brokers and custodian. Interest income, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 781,737 relative to the corresponding period in 2023. The increase was due predominantly to an increase in short-term U.S. Treasury yields during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, relative to the corresponding period in 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, achieved net realized and unrealized gains of 3,248,914 from trading operations (including foreign exchange transactions and translations). Management fees of 1,644,770, brokerage commissions of 416,040, selling commissions and platform fees of 1,650,851, administrative and operating expenses of 381,605, custody fees and other expenses of 17,395, and profit share of 36,135. Interest income of 4,901,204 offset the Master Fund expenses allocated to the Partnership resulting in net income after profit share of 4,003,322. An analysis of the Master Fund s trading gain (loss) by sector is as follows: Gain Sector (Loss) Currencies (1.33) Energies (1.56) Grains 0.74 Interest rates 2.94 Livestock (0.13) Metals (0.59) Softs (0.32) Stock indices 2.75 Trading gain 2.50 Percentage of the Partnership Capital. Currencies include a 0.34 gain related to currency hedging allocated at the Master Fund level solely to the Cayman Feeder s Class GBP Shares. 
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION 2024 Three months ended September 30, 2024 The Partnership was unprofitable during the quarter as losses from trading energy and interest rate futures and currency forwards far outpaced paced small gains from trading non-energy futures and stock index futures. Global market interest rates fell and yield curves steepened during the quarter as market participants reacted to actual and anticipated reductions in official interest rates among major developed market central banks in response to, among other things, moderating inflation, growth and employment statistics. For example, the policy-sensitive U.S. two-year Treasury note fell from 4.77 at the start of July to about 3.5 in September. Consequently, short positions in U.S., German, French and British note and bond futures were unprofitable, especially during July. Meanwhile, long positions in U.S. and European short-term interest rate futures generated partially offsetting profits. Trading of the Japanese government bond future and a long position in the Italian 10-year bond were also somewhat profitable. Declining interest rates seemingly weighed on the U.S. dollar and long dollar trades against the Japanese yen, euro, Swiss franc, Brazilian real, pound sterling and Australian, Canadian and New Zealand dollars were unprofitable. A long position in the high-yield Mexican peso was also unprofitable partly resulting from political turbulence and weakening growth in Mexico. Energy prices fell during the quarter. For example, Brent crude oil, after reaching 87.50/barrel in early July, dropped below 70/barrel in early September before closing the quarter at about 71/barrel. Deflation in China, sluggish growth in Europe, and moderating growth in the U.S., particularly in the manufacturing sectors, seemed to weigh on energy demand. The continued transition toward EV s, although slowing somewhat recently, also may have dented demand. At the same time, non-Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC+ supplies continued to grow and OPEC+ struggled to maintain production and export constraints on all its members. In fact, late in the quarter, top producer and exporter Saudi Arabia indicated that it was dropping its unofficial price target and readying to increase production and seek a greater market share. Even broad easing of monetary policies globally and surprise monetary and fiscal policy support measures from China appear to have failed to give energy prices much support. As a result, long Brent and WTI crude oil positions and trading of RBOB gasoline, London gas oil and TTF natural gas futures were unprofitable. 

 37 

Declining interest rates and optimism around artificial intelligence helped to underpin equities during the quarter, while concerns about high valuations, softening U.S. growth, stagnation in Europe, deflation in China and wars in the Middle East and Europe aided in restraining the price gains. Late in the quarter, surprise monetary and fiscal policy support measures from China that were intended to stimulate economic activity, boost financial markets and stabilize property markets together with indications that OPEC+ soon would boost production significantly, provided some additional support to equities. Results were mixed but positive overall for the quarter. Short positions in Chinese equity futures were profitable early in the period amidst a continuing grim economic outlook, but then long positions in these same futures were profitable late in September after the surprise stimulus moves by Chinese authorities. Long positions in Taiwanese, Korean, Spanish, Italian and Brazilian index futures, trading of British and U.S. NASDAQ and S P futures and a short emerging markets index futures trade were also profitable. On the other hand, short volatility, South African and EURO STOXX equity index futures positions and trading of U.S. Russell and mid-cap equity index futures posted partially offsetting losses. Within non-energy commodities, early in the quarter, short silver and platinum positions were profitable as prices declined amid a negative industrial outlook and persistent demand concerns in top consumer China. Furthermore, the increasing share of new energy vehicles in major global auto markets contributed to a decreased demand for platinum in catalytic converters for internal combustion engines, also pressuring prices. Subsequently, actual and anticipated interest rate declines, especially after the Federal Reserves larger than anticipated 50 basis point reduction in the Federal funds rate, together with China s unexpected monetary and fiscal stimulus measures, helped boost metal prices broadly. A surge in Indian gold imports following a tax reduction added to demand for this precious metal. Consequently, long gold and platinum positions were profitable. Adverse weather conditions in Brazil and Vietnam and rising shipping costs have assisted in pushing global coffee prices to record highs, producing profits on long Arabica coffee positions. Meanwhile, Grain prices, which have been falling for much of the past year, rebounded in September driven partly by supply risks, including uncertainty around Brazilian planting conditions, disappointing crop outlooks in Europe and Australia, and concerns over poor harvests in the U.S. Plains resulting from dry conditions and in the Black Sea region due to geopolitical difficulties. Hence, short positions in soybeans, soybean oil and soybean meal were unprofitable for the quarter. Three months ended June 30, 2024 The Partnership was profitable during the quarter as gains from trading financial futures, especially in April, grain futures and soft commodity futures outdistanced the losses from trading energy and metal futures. Trading of livestock futures was marginally negative too. Interest rates were volatile throughout the quarter, which seemed to reflect the variability of economic data. The U.S. ten-year treasury note vacillated in a 4.2 to 4.7 range. When data evidenced moderating inflation, wages, growth and employment, interest rates appeared to decline. On the other hand, as data indicated sticky inflation and wages, and strong growth and labor markets, interest rates appeared to rise. Major global central banks continued to stress that the peak in rates had probably been reached, but that cuts required more certainty about the paths of inflation and growth. During the quarter, the European Central Bank, Bank of Canada, Swiss National Bank, Swedish Riksbank and Danish National Bank each lowered official interest rates by of a percentage point. Meanwhile, the Federal Reserve Fed and Bank of England continued to hold off on cutting rates likely due to apparent concern about sticky inflation and wages, and analysts seems to suggest that the Reserve Bank of Australia might raise official interest rates in coming months after recent inflation data surprised to the upside. Meanwhile, concerns about government deficits and debt/GDP levels globally continues to cloud the interest rate outlook. On balance, interest rates increased during the quarter and short positions in U.S., German, French and Australian interest rate futures were profitable, especially in April. Currency markets were also volatile during the quarter, but favorable U.S. interest rate differentials, European political uncertainties, particularly in France and the U.K. and fiscal policy worries around Mexico and Latin America seemed to help underpin the U.S. dollar. Long U.S. dollar positions versus the Japanese yen, Swiss franc, pound sterling, Korean won, South African rand and Canadian dollar were profitable. On the other hand, a long position in the high-yield Mexican peso was unprofitable following the Mexican presidential election. Long U.S. dollar trades against the Norwegian, Swedish, Singaporean and Australian currencies also produced partially offsetting losses during May when the U.S. dollar weakened along with U.S. interest rates. Equity markets were volatile during the quarter and trading of global equity futures was mixed but profitable. Changing inflation and growth dynamics across countries and regions, uncertainty concerning the outlook for monetary policy among major developed market central banks, and bifurcation of performance and valuations across markets and individual stocks, especially as related to artificial intelligence phenomena, confronted market participants. A modest improvement in the growth outlook for Europe combined with attractive equity market valuations helped lead to profits in long positions in European equity index futures. Trading of U.S., Chinese and Taiwanese stock index futures was also quite profitable. A short Brazilian Bovespa position was also profitable, which seemed to reflect market participants concerns about the government s commitment to fiscal policy consolidation and, hence, the central bank s ability to lower official interest rates further. A short vix volatility index futures trade was profitable too. On the other hand, trading of Japanese, Indian and Korean stock index futures registered partially offsetting losses. Grain prices were volatile during the quarter as difficult weather conditions globally seemed to muddle the supply outlooks in many markets. Early in the quarter, worries about supply disruptions from bad weather in Russia, Brazil and the U.S. likely helped to push up grain prices to their highest levels in nearly half a year and a long soybean position was slightly profitable. During the latter half of the quarter, however, favorable reports about U.S. wheat production seemed to confront news about the production decreases in Russia, Ukraine, and the EU and 

 38 

wheat prices declined. Consequently, short wheat positions were broadly profitable. Short positions in corn futures were also profitable as it appears prices fell once USDA forecasts indicated that U.S. corn inventories could hit a six-year peak by September 2025. Early in the quarter, a long Arabica coffee futures position was profitable as prices remained elevated seemingly due to concerns over potential rain damage to coffee crops in Brazil. Sugar prices declined in April and May due in part to apparent expectations of robust supply from Brazil, the leading exporter globally. This better supply outlook for Brazil appears to have helped offset concerns about shortages in Asia, particularly in countries like India and Thailand. Consequently, a short sugar futures trade was profitable in April and May, although some price recovery in June reduced the overall quarterly profit. Meanwhile, trading of cotton futures was slightly unprofitable. Energy prices were volatile throughout the quarter while edging lower on balance. Geopolitical frictions in the Middle East appear to continue to underpin energy prices, while demand-side uncertainties and increasing supply from non Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC+ sources seem to pressure prices lower. Overall, trading of RBOB gasoline, London gas oil, heating oil and WTI crude oil were unprofitable. A short carbon emissions trade was also unprofitable. On the other hand, trading of Brent crude produced a partially offsetting gain. Silver prices jumped sharply during April and May, rising to their highest levels in 11 years. An expanding solar power industry is helping to drive a growth in industrial demand for silver. Safe haven demand for precious metals and expectations of interest rate cuts by major central banks later this year also appear to have helped support the price advance. Consequently, a short silver trade was unprofitable, although the loss was scaled back somewhat when prices eased back in June as growing uncertainty on the outlook for US Federal Reserve interest rate cuts and signs of softening industrial demand, especially from top silver consumer China, likely weighed on metal prices. Elsewhere, short NYMEX copper and London aluminum futures trades were unprofitable as U.S. and U.K. sanctions that ban the trading of new Russian metals supplies, worries about the long-term availability of metals needed for the energy transition, concerns about short-term metal supplies due to several mine closures and emerging signs of improving growth in Europe seem to push metal prices higher. Three months ended March 31, 2024 The Partnership was profitable during the quarter as gains from trading interest rate futures, energy futures, currency forwards and grain futures outdistanced losses from trading soft commodity and metals futures. Trading of equity futures was nearly flat. Financial and commodity market prices vacillated during the quarter as market participants reacted to impacts of uncertainty about the timing and pace of expected central bank interest rate cuts, disparate regional growth and inflation outlooks and the influence of developments surrounding the use of artificial intelligence (AI). Interest rates were volatile during the quarter. They rose broadly as developed market central banks, led by the Federal Reserve Fed ), pushed back against market expectations of early and official interest rate cuts. Concerns about sticky inflation and strong wage data and labor markets seemingly helped support this higher-for-longer interest rate narrative. However, interest rates did ease a bit during March as developed market central banks, following recent meetings, seemed more willing to take longer to return to their target inflation levels than had previously been the case to avoid a hard growth landing. Overall, short positions in medium- and long-term U.S. and German note and bond futures were broadly profitable. A short position in the U.S. short-term interest rate future was also profitable. On the other hand, during January, long positions in British, U.S. and European short-term interest rate futures, and in Italian short-term and long-term interest rate futures, registered partially offsetting losses. A short position in the Japanese government bond future was also slightly unprofitable as the Bank of Japan executed a dovish end to its zero-interest rate and yield curve control policies. Relative strength in U.S. growth, equity markets and interest rate differentials seemingly helped buoy the U.S. dollar. Long U.S. dollar positions versus the Japanese, Swiss, New Zealand, Canadian and Australian currencies were profitable. Elsewhere, a short U.S. dollar trade against the euro in January and trading the U.S. dollar relative to the Brazilian real and Singapore dollar produced partially offsetting losses. Energy prices rose during the quarter as Middle East tensions, including a drone attack by Iran-backed militants that killed U.S. troops in Jordan and an expansion of Houthi missile strikes in the Red Sea on a Trafigura-operated fuel tanker carrying Russian products, stoked fears of supply disruptions. The continuation of production cuts by Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC+ and Ukrainian attacks on Russian oil refineries also likely contributed to supply worries. On the demand side, stronger-than-expected US economic data and fresh stimulus in China seemed to strengthen the outlook in two of the world s largest oil consumers. In this environment, long positions in Brent crude, WTI crude, RBOB gasoline, London gasoil and heating oil were profitable. A short carbon emissions trade was also profitable as the recent slowdown in the electric vehicle market weighed on demand for emission credits. Ample supplies of grain from South America, Russia, Ukraine and the U.S. likely impacted prices and short wheat and soybean positions were profitable, especially early in the quarter. In March, amid reports of destructive rain and hail across crucial grain-producing regions in Argentina supporting soybean prices, a long soybean trade was profitable. Sugar prices, following a sharp drop late last year, rebounded in January amid concerns about hot weather damaging crops in southeast Asia, particularly in India and New Delhi extended its export ban. A short sugar trade was unprofitable as prices rose. Cocoa prices rallied to an historic high as weather and disease afflicted cocoa trees in the world s main growing regions in West Africa, raising supply concerns. A short cocoa trade was unprofitable. Trading of coffee and cotton were also slightly unprofitable. 

 39 

Silver prices were buoyed amid expectations that developed market central banks would embark on an interest rate easing cycle. Indeed, the Swiss National Bank announced a quarter point cut in its official interest rate in March. Consequently, a short silver trade was unprofitable. Trading of gold, platinum and zinc also posted small losses. Trading of stock index futures was mixed and flat during the quarter. Improving growth, inflation and corporate earnings outlooks in Japan seemingly contributed to strong profits on long Japanese equity index futures positions. A long Spanish IBEX equity futures position and a short Brazilian equity index futures trade were also profitable. On the other hand, in the U.S., where AI optimism, growth and central bank rate cut prospects seemed to support equities, losses on short positions in Russell, MIDCAP 400 and Dow Jones index futures outdistanced profits from trading the NASDAQ index futures. Short positions in European, Singaporean and emerging market equity index futures, a long Korean index futures position, and trading of Australian and Canadian index futures registered offsetting losses too. 
 Periods ended September 30, 2023 
 Total Partners' Capital of the Month Ended: Partnership September 30, 2023 139,823,140 June 30, 2023 128,967,947 December 31, 2022 143,276,896 Three Months Nine Months Change in Partners' Capital 10,855,193 (3,453,756) Percent Change 8.42 (2.41) 
 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 The increase in the Partnership s net assets of 10,855,193 was attributable to net income after profit share through its investment in the Master Fund of 12,849,289 and contributions of 43,936 which was offset by withdrawals of 2,038,032. Management fees, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, are calculated on the net asset value on the last day of each month and are affected by trading performance, contributions and withdrawals. Management fees, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the three months ended September 30, 2023 decreased 40,424 relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The decrease was due predominantly to a decrease in the average net asset value of Series D during the three months ended September 30, 2023, relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, bears all trade-related commission and clearing charges due to third-party brokers. Brokerage commissions, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the three months ended September 30, 2023 decreased 8,205 relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The decrease was due to lower trading volume during the three months ended September 30, 2023, relative to the corresponding period in 2022. Selling commissions and platform fees are calculated on the net asset value on the last day of each month and are affected by trading performance, contributions and withdrawals. Selling commissions and platform fees for the three months ended September 30, 2023 decreased 31,575 relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The decrease was due predominantly to a decrease in the average net asset value of Series D during the three months ended September 30, 2023, relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, pays administrative expenses for legal, audit and accounting services. Administrative expenses, net of amounts borne by the General Partner, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the three months ended September 30, 2023 increased 18,569 relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The increase was due predominantly to an increase in legal costs during the three months ended September 30, 2023, relative to the corresponding period in 2022. Interest income, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, is derived from cash and U.S. Treasury instruments held at the Master Fund s brokers and custodian. Interest income, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the three months ended September 30, 2023 increased 997,259 relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The increase was due to an increase in short-term U.S. Treasury yields during the three months ended September 30, 2023, relative to the corresponding period in 2022. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, achieved net realized and unrealized gains of 13,802,257 from trading operations (including foreign exchange transactions and translations). Management fees of 571,508, 

 40 

brokerage commissions of 128,022, selling commissions and platform fees of 575,998, administrative and operating expenses of 160,493, custody fees and other expenses of 5,908 and profit share of 1,088,761 was paid or accrued. Interest income of 1,577,722 offset the Master Fund expenses allocated to the Partnership resulting in net income after profit share of 12,849,289. An analysis of the Master Fund s trading gain (loss) by sector is as follows: Gain Sector (Loss) Currencies (0.20) Energies 5.18 Grains 0.32 Interest rates 5.35 Livestock 0.01 Metals 0.81 Softs (0.04) Stock indices (0.74) Trading gain 10.69 Percentage of the Partnership Capital 
 NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 The decrease in the Partnership s net assets of 3,453,756 was attributable to withdrawals of 8,666,044 which was partially offset by net income after profit share through its investment in the Master Fund of 4,061,286 and contributions of 1,151,002. Management fees, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, are calculated on the net asset value on the last day of each month and are affected by trading performance, contributions and withdrawals. Management fees, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 decreased 40,445 relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The decrease was due predominantly to a decrease in the average net asset value of Series D during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, bears all trade-related commission and clearing charges due to third-party brokers. Brokerage commissions, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 decreased 60,850 relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The decrease was due to lower trading volume during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, relative to the corresponding period in 2022. Selling commissions and platform fees are calculated on the net asset value on the last day of each month and are affected by trading performance, contributions and withdrawals. Selling commissions and platform fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 decreased 31,339 relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The decrease was due predominantly to a decrease in the average net asset value of Series D during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, pays administrative expenses for legal, audit and accounting services. Administrative expenses, net of amounts borne by the General Partner, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 increased 10,585 relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The increase was due predominantly to an increase in legal costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, relative to the corresponding period in 2022. Interest income, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, is derived from cash and U.S. Treasury instruments held at the Master Fund s brokers and custodian. Interest income, through the Partnership s investment in the Master Fund, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 increased 3,154,791 relative to the corresponding period in 2022. The increase was due to an increase in short-term U.S. Treasury yields during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, relative to the corresponding period in 2022. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Partnership, through its investment in the Master Fund, achieved net realized and unrealized gains of 5,290,893 from trading operations (including foreign exchange transactions and translations). Management fees of 1,717,295, brokerage commissions of 398,854, selling commissions and platform fees of 1,718,913, administrative and operating expenses of 409,420, custody fees and other expenses of 17,948 and a profit share of 1,088,761 was paid or accrued. Interest income of 4,121,584 partially offset the Master Fund expenses allocated to the Partnership resulting in net income after profit share of 4,061,286. 

 41 

An analysis of the Master Fund s trading gain (loss) by sector is as follows: Gain Sector (Loss) Currencies 1.07 Energies (0.50) Grains 0.12 Interest rates 2.11 Livestock 0.05 Metals 0.88 Softs 0.04 Stock indices 0.51 Trading gain 4.28 Percentage of the Partnership Capital 
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION 2023 Three months ended September 30, 2023 The Partnership was profitable during the quarter predominantly due to sizable gains from long energy futures positions and short interest rate futures positions Elsewhere, the profit from trading non-energy commodity futures was largely offset by the loss from trading equity index futures. Currency trading was mixed and flat for the quarter. Crude oil prices, underpinned by tightening global supplies and optimism about Chinese demand for refining, advanced sharply during the quarter, with Brent crude climbing from around 75/barrel at the start of July to about 93/barrel at end September. Voluntary output cuts by Saudi Arabia and Russia that were extended to yearend 2023 tightened the supply outlook and drained inventories, and OPEC+ indicated a willingness to take further action to support the oil market if needed. Hence, long Brent crude and WTI crude positions were profitable. A long heating oil position was profitable as prices were buoyed by seasonal pre-winter demand for inventory building. A long London gas oil trade was profitable as solid industrial and transportation demand underpinned distillate prices, particularly after Russia announced a diesel export ban in late September. Developed market central banks, led by the Federal Reserve, continued to raise official interest rates during the quarter, and even when pauses in hiking cycles did occur they were viewed as hawkish since they included strong indications that developed markets central banks will keep interest rates higher for longer to get inflation under control, particularly in the face of sharp increases in energy prices and rising fiscal needs in the U.S. and Europe. Adjustments to Japan s yield curve control program also underpinned higher interest rates globally during the quarter. On the other hand, signs of easing inflation in the U.S. and Eurozone on the last trading day of September did reduce the quarter s interest rate increases somewhat as some position squaring occurred at quarter-end. Still, short positions in U.S., German, French, Italian and Canadian interest rate futures were highly profitable. On the other hand, a short position in short-term British interest rate futures was unprofitable, particularly after the Bank of England announced a dovish pause. Trading of Japanese government bonds was slightly unprofitable too. Rising interest rates, a stronger dollar and weak growth in China and Europe weighed on metal prices, and short gold and silver positions were profitable, especially during August and September. Short wheat, corn and soybean positions were profitable, especially in August and September when prices declined in response to improved supplies from Russia and the U.S. and reduced demand from China and Europe. Meanwhile, a long soybean oil trade generated a small partially offsetting loss. Persistent hawkish messaging from the Federal Reserve and a better economic outlook for the U.S. versus Europe, China and South America buoyed the U.S. dollar during the quarter. Consequently, long U.S. dollar positions versus the Japanese yen, Korean won, Singapore dollar, Aussie dollar, New Zealand dollar, Swiss franc, Norwegian krone and South African rand were profitable. On the other hand, short U.S. dollar trades against the euro, Swedish krona, and high yielding Brazilian, Indian and Polish currencies produced offsetting losses. Equity markets were volatile during the quarter, rising during July and then declining in fraught trading during August and September. Following the sustained gains in equity markets during the first seven months of 2023, high and rising interest rates and worries about growth dynamics in China and Europe weighed on equity prices. In addition, by September, concerns about the UAW strike, a potential U.S. government shutdown, oil price increases and resumption of student loan payments dampened the U.S. economic outlook as well. On balance, trading of European stock index futures was unprofitable. A long Japanese equity index future position was also unprofitable. On the other hand, a long Singaporean equity index future position was profitable in July and provided a partial offset. 

 42 

Three months ended June 30, 2023 The Partnership was profitable during the quarter as gains from trading financial futures and currency forwards outpaced losses from trading energy futures. Trading of non-energy commodity futures was nearly flat. Diverging narratives concerning the future paths of growth, inflation and monetary policy within and across various economic regions, including the U.S., Europe, China, and Asia (excluding China), and the bifurcation between weakening manufacturing and booming service sectors globally contributed to rattled financial and commodity markets during most of the quarter. U.S. regional banking stresses, political discussions around the U.S. debt ceiling, a late June spike of hawkish activity by global central banks and the attempted coup by the Wagner Group in Russia also contributed to market turmoil. Interest rate volatility remained elevated during the quarter as persistent global inflation leant support to increased rates while concerns about slowing growth and/or a recession weakened the push for rate increases. Market participants expressed some uncertainty about how central banks would respond to strong inflation, labor markets and consumer spending in the U.S. and Europe, juxtaposed against weaker than expected growth in China and slowing manufacturing globally. Developed market central banks enacted higher official interest rates and more hawkish policy. Consequently, interest rates rose and short positions in U.S., European, British, Canadian and Australian interest rate futures, particularly shorter-term futures, were quite profitable. On the other hand, short positions in French, Italian and German longer-term interest rate futures posted small partially offsetting losses. Stocks were unsettled with widely divergent results by region, sector and individual security during the quarter amid divergent views about inflation, monetary policy, growth and earnings. In Japan, strong domestic demand and the de-risking and friend-shoring of supply chains seemingly contributed to the strength of Japanese stocks, and long positions in Japanese equity index futures were profitable, as was a long Taiwanese stock index futures trade. Trading of European equity index futures German, French, British, Spanish and Italian also posted gains. Short VIX and VSTOXX volatility index futures were also profitable. On the other hand, excitement about AI and tech, persistently strong consumer spending, and investor optimism about a soft or no landing U.S. growth scenario seemed to support U.S. stocks, and short positions in U.S. equity futures registered losses. Trading of China-related equity index futures was also slightly negative. A short Brazilian equity index trade was also unprofitable as equity futures rose amid the fiscal policy outlook and inflation expectations improving in Brazil. Foreign exchange trading was mixed but quite profitable. A long position in the high yield Brazilian real versus the U.S. dollar and a short position in the low yield Japanese yen versus the U.S. dollar were particularly profitable. Long positions in high yield Polish, Mexican and Chilean currencies against the U.S. dollar were also profitable. Trading the U.S. dollar against the United Kingdom pound sterling and South African rand also registered gains. On the other hand, short U.S. dollar trades versus the European Union euro, Israeli shekel and New Zealand dollar and long U.S. dollar trades versus the Canadian dollar, Korean won, and Swedish krona posted partially offsetting losses. Crude oil and crude product prices were impacted by conflicting forces during the quarter. Fears of sluggish global growth, particularly in China, and evidence that diesel and gasoline demand was being negatively impacted by increasing EV usage and government fuel economy standards contributed to down prices, while the U.S. outlook, continuing production cuts from Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC+ and news that the U.S. was commencing a rebuild of its strategic petroleum reserve seemed to support prices. Overall prices did decline during the quarter and long positions in Brent crude and WTI crude, and trading of RBOB gasoline, London gas oil and heating oil were unprofitable. Following the sharp declines in natural gas prices during the first quarter amid weak demand, larger-than-usual inventories and mild weather, prices and demand increased during the second quarter amid unexpectedly hot weather in Europe and the U.S., especially in June. Hence, short U.S. and European natural gas positions were slightly unprofitable for the quarter. Finally, small gains from trading soft and livestock commodity futures were largely offset by small losses from trading metal and grain futures. Three months ended March 31, 2023 The Partnership was unprofitable in the quarter predominantly due to losses from trading interest rate and energy futures. Elsewhere, trading of non-energy commodity futures was marginally unprofitable, trading of equity index futures was flat and trading of currency forwards was marginally profitable. During January, February and into early March, markets were volatile as the negative impulses from tightening of monetary policies and sluggish manufacturing and housing sectors globally clashed with the positive impulses from better than expected employment, consumption and service sector growth globally. Then, during the last three weeks of the quarter, the banking crisis evidenced by the sudden collapses of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank in the U.S., the Swiss government s brokered sale of Credit Suisse to UBS in Europe, and the challenges of other European and small and mid-sized U.S. banks rattled trading in financial and commodity markets. Interest rates were volatile during the quarter. In January, global interest rates declined as many market participants came to believe that a further easing of price and wage inflation may lead to an easing of monetary policy in the second half of the year. During February and into early March, however, the global bond market rally stalled as signs of continued inflation, the hot U.S. labor market, better-than-expected economic data in the U.S. and Europe, and Congressional testimony by Federal Reserve Fed Chairman Powell on March 7th and 8th led some investors to believe that global interest rates were primed to go still higher as central banks continued to address inflation. However, the next day global interest rates collapsed amid historic levels of interest rate volatility as risks of economic slowdown and/or recession rose in the wake of the 

 43 

banking crisis. For example, the U.S. 2-year note, which was yielding near 5 1/8 on March 8th following the Fed Chairman s testimony, plunged to about 3.5 before recovering to around 4 1/8 at month-end. Overall, short positions in U.S., German, French, Italian, British, Canadian and Japanese interest futures were highly unprofitable. For much of the quarter, energy prices as measured by WTI crude oil were influenced by conflicting forces and traded in a range between 73 and 82 per barrel. In general, global supply and demand fundamentals saw mixed results amid a number of global events: Russian supply did not fall as steeply as some expected; Iraq exports through Turkey were reduced significantly late in the quarter; Chinese demand did not pick up as quickly as many forecast; concerns about slowing growth in Europe and the U.S. likely impacted fundamentals; strikes at French refineries seemingly weakened crude consumption; the U.S. government did not replenish its Strategic Petroleum Reserve; and developed world commercial oil inventories rose. OPEC+ appeared unwilling to change policy until it better understood the mixed results. Then, in March as recession risks increased in the wake of the banking sector crisis, energy prices fell with WTI crude plunging from 80 per barrel on March 6 to 65 per barrel on March 20, before recovering to close the month near 70/barrel. On balance, long positions in Brent crude, WTI crude, London gas oil, heating oil and RBOB gasoline were unprofitable. On the other hand, short natural gas positions were quite profitable as prices declined amid warmer than typical weather in Europe and the U.S. and expanding inventories. Equity markets, although also rattled by the mix of positive and negative factors discussed above, were steady during the quarter and results were mixed and flat. Long positions in European, Chinese, Taiwanese and Australian stock index futures were profitable. Short positions in Brazilian, Indian and U.S. Russell equity index futures, and trading of Singaporean futures were profitable. On the other hand, short U.S. NASDAQ, S P and Mid-Cap 400 positions, and trading of Korean, Japanese and EAFE equity index futures posted offsetting losses. A short silver position was profitable in February, possibly impacted by higher interest rates, a stronger U.S. dollar and sluggish manufacturing globally. In March, safe haven demand and a weaker U.S. dollar likely affected precious metal prices and a long gold trade was profitable. These gains slightly outpaced the loss from a short copper trade. Turning to grain futures, strong supply expectations from major producers of wheat, corn and soybeans seemingly weighed down grain prices. Losses on long corn and soybean trades outdistanced the profit from a short wheat position. Among soft commodities, small losses on short coffee, cotton and cocoa positions marginally outdistanced the profit from a long sugar trade. Varying expectations about relative growth and monetary policy outlooks across countries likely caused fluctuations in the U.S. dollar during the quarter. Trading results were mixed, though marginally positive overall. Short U.S. dollar positions versus high yield currencies Chile, Mexico and Poland were profitable, particularly in March. Long U.S. dollar positions against the Japanese yen and Swiss franc posted gains in January and February. On the other hand, short U.S. dollar trades relative to the Korean won and Brazilian real in February were unprofitable, as was trading the U.S. dollar against the Australian, Canadian and New Zealand dollars, respectively, and trading the Norwegian krone versus the euro and U.S. dollar. OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS Neither the Partnership nor the Master Fund engages in off-balance sheet arrangements with other entities. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS Neither the Partnership nor the Master Fund enters into any contractual obligations or commercial commitments to make future payments of a type that would be typical for an operating company or that would affect its liquidity or capital resources. The Partnership s sole business, through its investment in the Master Fund, is trading futures, forward currency, spot and swap contracts, both long (contracts to buy) and short (contacts to sell). All such contracts are settled by offset, not delivery. Substantially all such contracts are for settlement within four months of the trade date and substantially all such contracts are held by the Master Fund for less than four months before being offset or rolled over into new contracts with similar maturities. The financial statements of the Master Fund present a condensed schedules of investments setting forth open futures, forward and other contracts at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

 44 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not required. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES The General Partner, with the participation of the principal executive officers and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures with respect to the Partnership as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, and, based on its evaluation, has concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes in the General Partner's internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the General Partner's internal controls over financial reporting with respect to the Partnership. PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings None. ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Not required. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS (a) Pursuant to the Partnership's Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (the Partnership Agreement ), the Partnership may sell Units at the beginning of each calendar month. On July 1, 2024, August 1, 2024 and September 1, 2024, the Partnership sold Units to new and existing limited partners of 17,419, 202,372, and 2,378. There were no underwriting discounts or commissions in connection with the sales of the Units described above. Each of the foregoing Interests were offered and sold only to accredited investors as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the 1933 Act ), in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 506(b) under the 1933 Act. (b) Pursuant to the Partnership s Partnership Agreement, investors may redeem their Units at the end of each calendar month at the then current month-end net asset value. The redemption of Units has no impact on the value of Units that remain outstanding, and Units are not reissued once redeemed. The following table summarizes the redemptions by Series A and Series B limited partners during the three months ended September 30, 2024. There were no Series C, Series D or Series E redemptions. Series A Series B Date of Units NAV Units NAV Withdrawal Redeemed per Unit Redeemed per Unit July 31, 2024 (565.8814) 1,313.01 - 1,651.55 August 31, 2024 (307.9674) 1,262.71 (24.1540) 1,599.94 September 30, 2024 (298.6126) 1,241.39 - 1,575.54 Total (1,172.4614) (24.1540) 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES Not Applicable. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 

 45 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, neither the General Partner nor its directors or officers or any Rule 10b5-1 arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). ITEM 6. EXHIBITS The following exhibits are included herewith: 31.01 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 31.02 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 31.03 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of President and Chief Operating Officer 31.04 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 32.01 Section 1350 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 32.02 Section 1350 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 32.03 Section 1350 Certification of President and Chief Operating Officer 32.04 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

46 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. By: Millburn Ridgefield Corporation, General Partner 
 Date: November 13, 2024 /s/ Michael W. Carter Michael W. Carter Vice-President (Principal Accounting Officer) 

47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 c910-20240930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 3101

EXHIBIT 31.01 

RULE 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Barry Goodman , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

/s/ Barry Goodman 

Barry Goodman 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Millburn Ridgefield Corporation 

General Partner, Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

November 13 , 20 2 4 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 c910-20240930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 3102

EXHIBIT 31.02 

RULE 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Grant N. Smith , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

/s/ Grant N. Smith 

Grant N. Smith 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Millburn Ridgefield Corporation 

General Partner, Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

November 13 , 2 0 2 4 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 c910-20240930xex31_3.htm
 EX-31.3

Exhibit 3103

EXHIBIT 31.03 

RULE 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 

I, Gregg Buckbinder, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

/s/ Gregg Buckbinder 

Gregg Buckbinder 

President and Chief Operating Officer 

Millburn Ridgefield Corporation 

General Partner, Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

November 13 , 20 2 4 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 5
 c910-20240930xex31_4.htm
 EX-31.4

Exhibit 3104

EXHIBIT 31.04 

RULE 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Ilon Wu, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

/s/ Ilon Wu 

Ilon Wu 

Chief Financial Officer 

Millburn Ridgefield Corporation 

General Partner, Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

November 13 , 202 4 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 c910-20240930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 3201

Exhibit 32.01 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF 

THE UNITED STATES CODE 

I, Barry Goodman , certify that (i) the Quarterly Report of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30 , 20 2 4 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

By: 

/s/ Barry Goodman 

Barry Goodman 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Millburn Ridgefield Corporation 

General Partner, Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

November 13 , 20 2 4 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 c910-20240930xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 3202

Exhibit 32.02 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF 

THE UNITED STATES CODE 

I, Grant N. Smith , certify that (i) the Quarterly Report of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30 , 20 2 4 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

By: 

/s/ Grant N. Smith 

Grant N. Smith 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Millburn Ridgefield Corporation 

General Partner, Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

November 13 , 20 2 4 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 8
 c910-20240930xex32_3.htm
 EX-32.3

Exhibit 3203

Exhibit 32.03 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF 

THE UNITED STATES CODE 

I, Gregg Buckbinder, certify that (i) the Quarterly Report of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30 , 20 2 4 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

By: 

/s/ Gregg Buckbinder 

Gregg Buckbinder 

President and Chief Operating Officer 

Millburn Ridgefield Corporation 

General Partner, Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

November 13 , 20 2 4 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-32.4>
 9
 c910-20240930xex32_4.htm
 EX-32.4

Exhibit 3204

Exhibit 32.04 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF 

THE UNITED STATES CODE 

I, Ilon Wu , certify that (i) the Quarterly Report of Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30 , 202 4 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

By: 

/s/ Ilon Wu 

Ilon Wu 

Chief Financial Officer 

Millburn Ridgefield Corporation 

General Partner, Millburn Multi-Markets Fund L.P. 

November 13 , 202 4 

</EX-32.4>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 c910-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 c910-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 c910-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 c910-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 c910-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

