<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1466026_0001466026-24-000041.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20088227</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>134698</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1865096</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10824906</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3291805</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3376896</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001466026-24-000041.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106171347
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001466026-24-000041
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Midland States Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001466026
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				371233196
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35272
		FILM NUMBER:		241432193

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1201 NETWORK CENTRE DRIVE
		CITY:			EFFINGHAM
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			62401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(217) 342-2141

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1201 NETWORK CENTRE DRIVE
		CITY:			EFFINGHAM
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			62401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001466026-24-000041.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 msbi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

msbi-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______________ to _______________ 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State of other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 
 The Stock Market LLC 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of October 25, 2024, the Registrant had shares of outstanding common stock, 0.01 par value. 

Table of Contents 

 MIDLAND STATES BANCORP, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 60 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 61 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 61 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 61 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 62 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 62 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 63 
 SIGNATURES 
 64 

1 

Table of Contents 

 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS 
 As used in this report, references to the "Company," "we," "our," "us," and similar terms refer to the consolidated entity consisting of Midland States Bancorp, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Midland States Bancorp refers solely to the parent holding company and Midland States Bank (the "Bank") refers to our wholly owned banking subsidiary. 
 The acronyms and abbreviations identified below are used throughout this report, including the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. You may find it helpful to refer to this page as you read this report. 
 2019 Incentive Plan The Amended and Restated Midland States Bancorp, Inc. 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan ACL Allowance for credit losses on loans ASU Accounting Standards Update BaaS Banking-as-a-Service Basel III Rule Basel III regulatory capital reforms required by the Dodd-Frank Act BHCA Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended CBLR Community Bank Leverage Ratio CFPB Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CISA Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency COVID Coronavirus Disease CRA Community Reinvestment Act CRA Proposal Joint Proposal to Strengthen and Modernize Community Reinvestment Act Regulations CRE Commercial Real Estate CRE Guidance Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices guidance DFPR Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation DIF Deposit Insurance Fund EAD Exposure at default Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Federal Reserve Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FHA Federal Housing Administration FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank FinTech Financial Technology FOMC Federal Open Market Committee FRB Federal Reserve Bank GAAP U.S. generally accepted accounting principles Greensky GreenSky, LLC Illinois CRA Illinois Community Reinvestment Act LendingPoint LendingPoint, LLC LGD Loss given default LIBOR London Inter-Bank Offered Rate Midland Trust Midland States Preferred Securities Trust Nasdaq Nasdaq Global Select Market NII at Risk Net Interest Income at Risk OREO Other real estate owned PCAOB Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCD Purchased credit deteriorated PD Probability of default Q-Factor Qualitative factor Regulatory Relief Act Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act SBA Small Business Administration SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate Treasury U.S. Department of the Treasury TDR Troubled debt restructuring 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 MIDLAND STATES BANCORP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
 Assets Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities available for sale, at fair value Equity securities, at fair value Loans Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Total loans, net Loans held for sale Premises and equipment, net Other real estate owned Nonmarketable equity securities Accrued interest receivable Loan servicing rights, at lower of cost or fair value Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Company-owned life insurance Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Liabilities: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand deposits Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Short-term borrowings Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings Subordinated debt Trust preferred debentures Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders Equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; Series A shares, per share liquidation preference, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Capital surplus Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 MIDLAND STATES BANCORP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income: Loans including fees: Taxable Tax exempt Loans held for sale Investment securities: Taxable Tax exempt Nonmarketable equity securities Federal funds sold and cash investments Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Short-term borrowings Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings Subordinated debt Trust preferred debentures Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses on loans Recapture of credit losses on unfunded commitments ) Total provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income: Wealth management revenue Service charges on deposit accounts Interchange revenue Residential mortgage banking revenue Income on company-owned life insurance Loss on sales of investment securities, net ) ) ) ) Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing FDIC insurance Professional services Marketing Communications Loan expense Amortization of intangible assets Other expense Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income taxes Net income Preferred dividends Net income available to common shareholders Per common share data: Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Weighted average common shares outstanding Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 MIDLAND STATES BANCORP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Investment securities available for sale: Unrealized gains (losses) that occurred during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for realized net losses on sales of investment securities included in net income 
 Reclassification adjustment for gains on fair value hedges included in net income 
 ) ) Income tax effect ) ) Change in investment securities available for sale, net of tax ) ) Cash flow hedges: Net unrealized derivative losses on cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses realized in net income Income tax effect ) ) Change in cash flow hedges, net of tax ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements . 

5 

Table of Contents 

 MIDLAND STATES BANCORP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Preferred stock Common stock Capital surplus Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Total shareholders' equity Balances, June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Common dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Preferred dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans Balances, September 30, 2024 ) Balances, December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Common dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Preferred dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans Balances, September 30, 2024 ) Balances, June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Common dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Preferred dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans Balances, September 30, 2023 ) Balances, December 31, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Common dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Preferred dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans Balances, September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 MIDLAND STATES BANCORP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation on premises and equipment Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of operating lease right-of-use asset Amortization of loan servicing rights Share-based compensation expense Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance ) ) Investment securities accretion, net ) ) Loss on sales of investment securities, net Gain on repurchase of subordinated debt ) ) Gain on sales of other real estate owned ) ) Impairment on other real estate owned Origination of loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans and leases held for sale Gain on sale of loans held for sale ) ) Net change in operating assets and liabilities: Accrued interest receivable ) ) Other assets ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of investment securities available for sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of investment securities available for sale Maturities and payments on investment securities available for sale Purchases of equity securities ) ) Proceeds from sales of equity securities Net decrease (increase) in loans ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Purchases of nonmarketable equity securities ) ) Proceeds from redemptions of nonmarketable equity securities Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Purchases of company-owned life insurance, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net (decrease) increase in deposits ) Net decrease in short-term borrowings ) ) Net decrease in short-term FHLB borrowings ) ) Proceeds from long-term FHLB borrowings Payments made on long-term FHLB borrowings ) ) Payments made on subordinated debt ) ) Cash dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning of period End of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash payments for: Interest paid on deposits and borrowed funds Income tax paid (net of refunds) Supplemental disclosures of noncash investing and financing activities: Transfer of loans to other real estate owned Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Transfer of loan servicing rights held for sale to loan servicing rights, at lower of cost or market 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements . 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 MIDLAND STATES BANCORP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 8 
 Note 2: Investment Securities 9 
 Note 3: Loans 12 
 Note 4: Premises, Equipment and Leases 26 
 Note 5: Derivative Instruments 27 
 Note 6: Deposits 29 
 Note 7: FHLB Advances and Other Borrowings 30 
 Note 8: Subordinated Debt 30 
 Note 9: Earnings Per Common Share 30 
 Note 10: Fair Value of Financial Instruments 31 
 Note 11: Commitments, Contingencies and Credit Risk 36 
 Note 12: Segment Information 36 
 Note 13: Revenue from Contracts with Customers 39 

NOTE 1 
 8 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2 
 ) Mortgage-backed securities - agency ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency ) State and municipal securities ) Corporate securities ) Other securities (1) 
 ) Total available for sale securities ) ) 
 (1) The fair value of other securities includes student loan asset backed securities of million and structured financial products of million. 
 (2) Basis adjustments represent the amount of fair value hedging adjustments included in the carrying amount of fixed-rate investment securities designated in fair value hedging arrangements. See Note 5 - Derivative Instruments for additional information regarding these derivative financial instruments. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. government sponsored entities and U.S. agency securities ) Mortgage-backed securities - agency ) Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency ) State and municipal securities ) Corporate securities ) Other securities (1) 
 ) Total available for sale securities ) 
 (1) The fair value of other securities includes structured financial products of million. 
 After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total available for sale securities 
 Proceeds and gross realized gains and losses on sales of investment securities available for sale for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are summarized as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Investment securities available for sale Proceeds from sales Gross realized gains on sales Gross realized losses on sales ) ) ) ) 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Mortgage-backed securities - agency Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency State and municipal securities Corporate securities Other securities Total available for sale securities 
 
 December 31, 2023 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or more Total (dollars in thousands) Fair value Unrealized loss Fair value Unrealized loss Fair value Unrealized loss Investment securities available for sale U.S. government sponsored entities and U.S. agency securities Mortgage-backed securities - agency Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency State and municipal securities Corporate securities Other securities Total available for sale securities 
 At September 30, 2024, investment securities available for sale had unrealized losses with aggregate depreciation of from their amortized cost basis. For all of the above investment securities, the unrealized losses were generally due to changes in interest rates and other market conditions, and unrealized losses were considered to be temporary as the fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach their respective maturity dates and principal is paid back in full. The Company does not intend to sell and it is likely that the Company will not be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recovery. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 3 
 Commercial other Commercial real estate: Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Commercial real estate owner occupied Multi-family Farmland Construction and land development Total commercial loans Residential real estate: Residential first lien Other residential Consumer: Consumer Consumer other Lease financing Total loans 
 
 Total loans include net deferred loan costs of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and unearned discounts of million and million within the lease financing portfolio at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Classifications of Loan Portfolio 
 The Company monitors and assesses the credit risk of its loan portfolio using the classes set forth below. These classes also represent the segments by which the Company monitors the performance of its loan portfolio and estimates its allowance for credit losses on loans. 
 Commercial Loans to varying types of businesses, including municipalities, school districts and nonprofit organizations, for the purpose of supporting working capital, operational needs and term financing of equipment. Repayment of such loans is generally provided through operating cash flows of the business. Commercial loans are predominately secured by equipment, inventory, accounts receivable, and other sources of repayment. 
 Commercial real estate Loans secured by real estate occupied by the borrower for ongoing operations, including loans to borrowers engaged in agricultural production, and non-owner occupied real estate leased to one or more tenants, including commercial office, industrial, special purpose, retail and multi-family residential real estate loans. 
 Construction and land development Secured loans for the construction of business and residential properties. Real estate construction loans often convert to a real estate commercial loan at the completion of the construction period. Secured development loans are made to borrowers for the purpose of infrastructure improvements to vacant land to create finished marketable residential and commercial lots/land. Most land development loans are originated with the intention that the loans will be paid through the sale of developed lots/land by the developers within twelve months of the completion date. Interest reserves may be established on real estate construction loans. 
 Residential real estate Loans, secured by residential properties, that generally do not qualify for secondary market sale; however, the risk to return and/or overall relationship are considered acceptable to the Company. This category also includes loans whereby consumers utilize equity in their personal residence, generally through a second mortgage, as collateral to secure the loan. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

New loans and other additions Repayments and other reductions ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for credit losses on loans ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance, end of period Changes in allowance for credit losses on loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Balance, beginning of period Provision for credit losses on loans ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance, end of period Changes in allowance for credit losses on loans for the three months ended September 30, 2023: Balance, beginning of period Provision for credit losses on loans ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance, end of period Changes in allowance for credit losses on loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2023: Balance, beginning of period Provision for credit losses on loans ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance, end of period 
 The Company utilizes a combination of models which measure probability of default and loss given default in determining expected future credit losses. 
 The probability of default is the risk that the borrower will be unable or unwilling to repay its debt in full or on time. The risk of default is derived by analyzing the obligor s capacity to repay the debt in accordance with contractual terms. Probability of default is generally associated with financial characteristics such as inadequate cash flow to service debt, declining revenues or operating margins, high leverage, declining or marginal liquidity, and the inability to successfully implement a business plan. In addition to these quantifiable factors, the borrower s willingness to repay also must be evaluated. 
 The probability of default is forecasted, for most commercial and retail loans, using a regression model that determines the likelihood of default within the twelve month time horizon. The regression model uses forward-looking economic forecasts including variables such as gross domestic product, housing price index, and real disposable income to predict default rates. 
 The loss given default component is the percentage of defaulted loan balance that is ultimately charged off. As a method for estimating the allowance, a form of migration analysis is used that combines the estimated probability of loans experiencing default events and the losses ultimately associated with the loans experiencing those defaults. Multiplying one by the other gives the Company its loss rate, which is then applied to the loan portfolio balance to determine expected future losses. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

- 
 2 6 - 
 3 7 - 
 4 8 - 
 Default 9+ and nonaccrual + and nonaccrual 

Expected Credit Losses 
 In calculating expected credit losses, the Company individually evaluates loans on nonaccrual status with a balance greater than , loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest, and loans that do not share similar risk 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Commercial other Commercial real estate: Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Commercial real estate owner occupied Multi-family Farmland Construction and land development Total commercial loans Residential real estate: Residential first lien Other residential Consumer: Consumer Lease financing Total loans 
 There was interest income recognized on nonaccrual loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 while the loans were in nonaccrual status. Additional interest income that would have been recorded on nonaccrual loans had they been current in accordance with their original terms was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Collateral Dependent Financial Assets 
 A collateral dependent financial asset is a loan that relies solely on the operation or sale of the collateral for repayment. In evaluating the overall risk associated with a loan, the Company considers character, overall financial condition and resources, and payment record of the borrower; the prospects for support from any financially responsible guarantors; and the nature and degree of protection provided by the cash flow and value of any underlying collateral. However, as other sources of 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial real estate: Non-owner occupied Owner occupied Multi-family Construction and land development Lease financing Total collateral dependent loans December 31, 2023 Commercial: Commercial Commercial other Commercial real estate: Non-owner occupied Owner occupied Multi-family Total collateral dependent loans 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial other Commercial real estate: Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 
 Commercial real estate owner occupied Multi-family Farmland Construction and land development Total commercial loans Residential real estate: Residential first lien Other residential Consumer: Consumer Consumer other Lease financing Total loans 
 
 The aging status of the recorded investment in loans by portfolio as of December 31, 2023 was as follows: 
 Accruing loans (dollars in thousands) 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due Past due 90 days or more Total past due Nonaccrual Current Total Commercial: Commercial Commercial other Commercial real estate: Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Commercial real estate owner occupied Multi-family Farmland Construction and land development Total commercial loans Residential real estate: Residential first lien Other residential Consumer: Consumer Consumer other Lease financing Total loans 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial other Commercial real estate: Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Commercial real estate owner occupied Construction and land development Total commercial loans Residential real estate: Residential first lien Other residential Consumer: Consumer Lease financing Total loan restructurings Balance Count Balance Count Balance Count Balance Count Interest Rate Reduction Term Extension Forgiveness of Principal or Interest Other (1) 
 Total loan restructurings 
 (1) Other types of loan restructurings could include, but are not limited to, changes to the loan amortization period, additional escrow requirements or reserve requirements. 
 The Company has not committed to lend any additional amounts to the borrowers that have been granted a loan modification. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 geographic regions. In addition, our specialty finance division does nationwide bridge lending for FHA and HUD developments and originates loans for multifamily, assisted and senior living and multi-use properties. Our equipment leasing business provides financing to business customers across the country. 
 The Company has a loan approval process involving underwriting and individual and group loan approval authorities to consider credit quality and loss exposure at loan origination. The loans in the Company s commercial loan portfolio are risk rated at origination based on the grading system set forth below. All loan authority is based on the aggregate credit to a borrower and its related entities. 
 The Company s consumer loan portfolio is primarily comprised of both secured and unsecured loans that are relatively small and are evaluated at origination on a centralized basis against standardized underwriting criteria. The ongoing measurement of credit quality of the consumer loan portfolio is largely done on an exception basis. If payments are made on schedule, as agreed, then no further monitoring is performed. However, if delinquency occurs, the delinquent loans are turned over to the Company s Consumer Collections Group for resolution. Credit quality for the entire consumer loan portfolio is measured by the periodic delinquency rate, nonaccrual amounts and actual losses incurred. 
 Loans in the commercial loan portfolio tend to be larger and more complex than those in the other loan portfolio, and therefore, are subject to more intensive monitoring. All loans in the commercial loan portfolio have an assigned relationship manager, and most borrowers provide periodic financial and operating information that allows the relationship managers to stay abreast of credit quality during the life of the loans. The risk ratings of loans in the commercial loan portfolio are reassessed at least annually, with loans below an acceptable risk rating reassessed more frequently and reviewed by various individuals within the Company at least quarterly. 
 The Company maintains a centralized independent loan review function that monitors the approval process and ongoing asset quality of the loan portfolio, including the accuracy of loan grades. The Company also maintains an independent appraisal review function that participates in the review of all appraisals obtained by the Company. 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 The Company uses a ten grade risk rating system to monitor the ongoing credit quality of its commercial loan portfolio. These loan grades rank the credit quality of a borrower by measuring liquidity, debt capacity, and coverage and payment behavior as shown in the borrower s financial statements. The risk grades also measure the quality of the borrower s management and the repayment support offered by any guarantors. 
 The Company considers all loans with Risk Grades 1 - 6 as acceptable credit risks and structures and manages such relationships accordingly. Periodic financial and operating data combined with regular loan officer interactions are deemed adequate to monitor borrower performance. Loans with Risk Grades of 7 are considered "watch credits" categorized as special mention and the frequency of loan officer contact and receipt of financial data is increased to stay abreast of borrower performance. Loans with Risk Grades of 8 - 10 are considered problematic and require special care. Risk Grade 8 is categorized as substandard, 9 as substandard - nonaccrual and 10 as doubtful. Further, loans with Risk Grades of 7 - 10 are managed regularly through a number of processes, procedures and committees, including oversight by a loan administration committee comprised of executive and senior management of the Company, which includes highly structured reporting of financial and operating data, intensive loan officer intervention and strategies to exit, as well as potential management by the Company's Special Assets Group. Loans not graded in the commercial loan portfolio are monitored by aging status and payment activity. 
 Special mention and substandard loans increased at September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, primarily within the Company s Specialty Finance Group and Equipment Financing loan portfolios. The Specialty Finance Group provides bridge loan financing for commercial real estate projects. These projects seek short term financing in anticipation of obtaining FHA financing. The loans are typically outside of the Company s core market. Equipment financing portfolio includes loans and leases originated to customers throughout the United States. 
 Commercial loans classified as special mention increased million to million and substandard loans increased million to million, at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023. Credit deterioration in the specialty finance group and equipment financing portfolios generated these increases. As a result, the Company changed its underwriting criteria and construction review processes to reduce potential risks and losses, stopped originating loans within certain industries, and is evaluating options to determine how best to resolve these specific credits. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million to million at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023, primarily within the Company s Equipment Financing and BaaS loan portfolios. The BaaS portfolio is primarily third-party originated consumer loans. Loans originated by LendingPoint are unsecured consumer instruments originated throughout the United States. As a result of their system conversion in the third quarter of 2023, our portfolio has experienced credit deterioration and servicing-related deficiencies. Nonperforming consumer loans and nonperforming leases increased million and million, respectively. As a result, the Company changed its underwriting criteria, stopped originating leases within certain industries, and ceased originating consumer loans through LendingPoint in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Commercial other Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Commercial real estate Non-owner occupied Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Owner occupied Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Multi-family Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Farmland Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Construction and land development Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Total Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Total commercial loans 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Commercial other Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Commercial real estate Non-owner occupied Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Owner occupied Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Multi-family Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Farmland Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Construction and land development Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Subtotal Total Acceptable credit quality Special mention Substandard Substandard nonaccrual Doubtful Not graded Total commercial loans 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial Other Commercial Real Estate Owner occupied Total gross commercial charge-offs For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Commercial Commercial Commercial Other Commercial Real Estate Non-owner occupied Owner occupied Total gross commercial charge-offs 
 The Company evaluates the credit quality of its other loan portfolios, which includes residential real estate, consumer and lease financing loans, based primarily on the aging status of the loan and payment activity. Accordingly, loans on nonaccrual status and loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest are considered to be nonperforming for purposes of credit quality evaluation. The following tables present the recorded investment of our other loan portfolio based on the credit risk profile of loans that are performing and loans that are nonperforming as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 Term Loans Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Revolving Loans Total Residential real estate Residential first lien Performing Nonperforming Subtotal Other residential Performing Nonperforming Subtotal Consumer Consumer Performing Nonperforming Subtotal Consumer other Performing Nonperforming Subtotal Leases financing Performing Nonperforming Subtotal Total Performing Nonperforming Total other loans 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Nonperforming Subtotal Other residential Performing Nonperforming Subtotal Consumer Consumer Performing Nonperforming Subtotal Consumer other Performing Nonperforming Subtotal Leases financing Performing Nonperforming Subtotal Total Performing Nonperforming Total other loans 
 
 The following table presents the gross charge-offs by class of loan and year of origination on the other loan portfolio for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Term Loans by Origination Year (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Revolving Loans Total For the three months ended September 30, 2024 Residential real estate Residential first lien Other residential Consumer Consumer Consumer other Lease financing Total gross other charge-offs For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Residential real estate Residential first lien Other residential Consumer Consumer Consumer other Lease financing Total gross other charge-offs 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 4 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture and equipment Lease right-of-use assets Total Accumulated depreciation ) ) Premises and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company has entered into operating leases, primarily for banking offices and operating facilities, which have remaining lease terms of months to years, some of which may include options to extend the lease terms for up to an additional years. The options to extend are included in the remaining lease term if they are reasonably certain to be exercised. The Company had operating lease right-of-use assets of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, included in premises and equipment on our consolidated balance sheets. The operating lease liabilities of the Company were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are included in accrued interest payable and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Operating cash flows from leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Weighted average remaining lease term years years years years Weighted average discount rate 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 5 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Pools of commercial and commercial real estate loans FHLB advances, brokered CDs and other borrowings Total derivatives designated as accounting hedges Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges Interest rate contracts Swaps Interest rate lock commitments Forward commitments to sell mortgage-backed securities Total derivatives not designated as accounting hedges 
 
 Statement of Income Presentation) ) 
 28 

Table of Contents Nine Months Ended September 30, Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships Interest rate contracts Fixed-rate mortgage-backed securities Interest income on investment securities ) 
 The following table summarizes the effect of derivative instruments in cash flow hedging relationships on the consolidated statements of income. 
 Location of gain (loss) recognized in income on derivative Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Three Months Ended September 30, Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships Interest rate contracts Pools of commercial and commercial real estate loans Interest income on loans ) ) FHLB advances, brokered CDs and other borrowings Interest expense Total gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships Interest rate contracts Pools of commercial and commercial real estate loans Interest income on loans ) ) FHLB advances, brokered CDs and other borrowings Interest expense Total gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships ) ) 
 During the next 12 months, we estimate million of losses will be reclassified into pretax earnings from derivatives designated as cash flow hedges. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 Interest-bearing: Checking Money market Savings Time Total deposits 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 7 
 and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 - maturing through April 2029 
 FHLB advances putable fixed rate at rates averaging and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively maturing through July 2034 with call provisions through January 2025 
 FHLB advances Short term fixed rate at rates of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 matured October 2024 
 Total FHLB advances and other borrowings 
 The Company s advances from the FHLB are collateralized by a blanket collateral agreement of qualifying mortgage and home equity line of credit loans and certain commercial real estate loans totaling approximately billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 8 
 Carrying amount Current rate At December 31, 2023 
 Outstanding amount Carrying amount Current rate Maturity date 9/30/2029 9/30/2034 Optional redemption date 9/30/2024 9/30/2029 Fixed to variable conversion date 9/30/2024 9/30/2029 Variable rate 3-month SOFR plus 
 3-month SOFR plus 
 Interest payment terms Semiannually through 9/30/2024; Quarterly for all subsequent periods Semiannually through 9/30/2029; Quarterly for all subsequent periods 
 The value of subordinated debentures have been reduced by the debt issuance costs, which are being amortized on a straight line basis through the earlier of the redemption option or maturity date. All of the subordinated debentures above may be included in Tier 2 capital (with certain limitations applicable) under current regulatory guidelines and interpretations. 
 
 NOTE 9 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Preferred dividends declared ) ) ) ) Net income available to common shareholders Common shareholder dividends ) ) ) ) Unvested restricted stock award dividends ) ) ) ) Undistributed earnings to unvested restricted stock awards ) ) ) ) Undistributed earnings to common shareholders Basic Distributed earnings to common shareholders Undistributed earnings to common shareholders Total common shareholders earnings, basic Diluted Distributed earnings to common shareholders Undistributed earnings to common shareholders Total common shareholders earnings Total common shareholders earnings, diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic Dilutive effect of options Weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Antidilutive stock options (1) 
 
 (1) The diluted earnings per common share computation excludes antidilutive stock options because the exercise prices of these stock options exceeded the average market prices of the Company's common shares for those respective periods. 
 
 NOTE 10 
 31 

Table of Contents 

32 

Table of Contents 

 Mortgage-backed securities - agency Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency State and municipal securities Corporate securities Other securities Equity securities Loans held for sale Derivative assets Total Liabilities Derivative liabilities Total Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis: Nonperforming loans Other real estate owned 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. government sponsored entities and U.S. agency securities Mortgage-backed securities - agency Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency State and municipal securities Corporate securities Equity securities Loans held for sale Derivative assets Total Liabilities Derivative liabilities Total Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis: Nonperforming loans Other real estate owned 
 
 Other real estate owned Total losses on assets measured on a nonrecurring basis 
 
 Collateral based measurements Discount to reflect current market conditions and ultimate collectability - 
 December 31, 2023 Nonperforming loans Collateral based measurements Discount to reflect current market conditions and ultimate collectability - 
 
 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the instruments. 
 ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments , requires disclosure of the estimated fair value of certain financial instruments and the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate such fair values. Additionally, certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments are excluded from the applicable disclosure requirements. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents the amount of gains from fair value changes included in income before income taxes for financial assets carried at fair value for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Residential loans held for sale ) 
 
 Federal funds sold Loans Accrued interest receivable Liabilities Deposits Short-term borrowings FHLB and other borrowings Subordinated debt Trust preferred debentures 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Federal funds sold Loans Accrued interest receivable Liabilities Deposits Short-term borrowings FHLB and other borrowings Subordinated debt Trust preferred debentures 
 
 The methods utilized to measure fair value of financial instruments at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 represent an approximation of exit price; however, an actual exit price may differ. 
 
 NOTE 11 
 other material losses are anticipated as a result of these actions or claims. 
 We are a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. The contract amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement we have in particular classes of financial instruments. 
 Our exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Bank used the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. 
 Financial guarantees standby letters of credit 
 
 NOTE 12 
 reportable segments consisting of Banking, Wealth Management and Corporate. 
 The Banking segment provides a wide range of financial products and services to consumers and businesses, including commercial, commercial real estate, mortgage and other consumer loan products; commercial equipment financing; mortgage 
 36 

Table of Contents 

37 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Provision for credit losses Noninterest income Noninterest expense ) Income (loss) before income taxes (benefit) ) Income taxes (benefit) ) Net income (loss) Total assets ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Net interest income (expense) ) ) Provision for credit losses Noninterest income ) Noninterest expense ) Income (loss) before income taxes (benefit) ) Income taxes (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Total assets ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net interest income (expense) ) ) Provision for credit losses Noninterest income ) Noninterest expense ) Income (loss) before income taxes (benefit) ) Income taxes (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Total assets ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net interest income (expense) ) ) Provision for credit losses Noninterest income Noninterest expense ) Income (loss) before income taxes (benefit) ) Income taxes (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Total assets ) 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 13 

Investment advisory and brokerage fees Other Service charges on deposit accounts: Nonsufficient fund fees Other Interchange revenues Other income: Merchant services revenue Other ) Noninterest income - out-of-scope of Topic 606 ) Total noninterest income 
 Topic 606 does not apply to revenue associated with financial instruments, including revenue from loans and investment securities. In addition, certain noninterest income streams such as commercial FHA revenue, residential mortgage banking revenue and gain on sales of investment securities, net, are also not in scope of Topic 606. Topic 606 is applicable to noninterest income streams such as wealth management revenue, service charges on deposit accounts, interchange revenue, gain on sales of other real estate owned, and certain other noninterest income streams. The noninterest income streams considered in-scope by Topic 606 are discussed below. 
 Wealth Management Revenue 
 Wealth management revenue is primarily comprised of fees earned from the management and administration of trusts and other customer assets. The Company also earns investment advisory fees through its SEC registered investment advisory subsidiary. The Company s performance obligation in both of these instances is generally satisfied over time and the resulting fees are recognized monthly, based upon the month-end market value of the assets under management and contractually determined fee schedules. Payment is generally received a few days after month end through a direct charge to each customer s account. The Company does not earn performance-based incentives. Optional services such as real estate sales and tax return preparation services are also available to existing trust and asset management customers. The Company s performance obligation for these transactional-based services is generally satisfied, and related revenue recognized, at a point in time (i.e., as incurred). Payment is received shortly after services are rendered. Fees generated from transactions executed by the Company s third party broker dealer are remitted to the Company on a monthly basis for that month s transactional activity. 
 Service Charges on Deposit Accounts 
 Service charges on deposit accounts consist of fees received under depository agreements with customers to provide access to deposited funds, serve as custodian of deposited funds, and when applicable, pay interest on deposits. These service charges primarily include non-sufficient fund fees and other account related service charges. Non-sufficient fund fees are earned when a depositor presents an item for payment in excess of available funds, and the Company, at its discretion, provides the necessary funds to complete the transaction. The Company generates other account related service charge revenue by providing depositors proper safeguard and remittance of funds as well as by delivering optional services for depositors, such as check imaging or treasury management, that are performed upon the depositor s request. The Company s performance obligation for the proper safeguard and remittance of funds, monthly account analysis and any other monthly service fees is generally satisfied, and the related revenue recognized, over the period in which the service is provided. Payment for service charges on deposit accounts is typically received immediately or in the following month through a direct charge to a customer s account. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

40 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following is management's discussion and analysis of certain significant factors which have affected the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as reflected in the unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024, as compared to December 31, 2023, and unaudited consolidated operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. These comments should be read in conjunction with the Company's unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing elsewhere herein and the audited financial statements and accompanying notes provided in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 23, 2024. 
 In addition to the historical information contained herein, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of such term under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties, including interest rates and other general economic, business and political conditions, including the rate of inflation; changes in the financial markets; changes in business plans as circumstances warrant; risks related to legal proceedings; risks related to mergers and acquisitions and the integration of acquired businesses; changes to U.S. tax laws, regulations and guidance; and other risks detailed from time to time in filings made by the Company with the SEC. Readers should note that the forward-looking statements included herein are not a guarantee of future events, and that actual events may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as will, propose, may, plan, seek, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, or continue, or similar terminology. Any forward-looking statements presented herein are made only as of the date of this document, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events, or otherwise . 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. These estimates are based upon historical experience and on various other assumptions that management believes are reasonable under current circumstances. These estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The estimates and judgments that management believes have the most effect on the Company s reported financial position and results of operations are set forth in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no significant changes in critical accounting policies or the assumptions and judgments utilized in applying these policies since December 31, 2023. 
 
 Significant Developments and Transactions 
 Each item listed below affects the comparability of our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and our financial condition as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and may affect the comparability of financial information we report in future fiscal periods. 
 Balance sheet repositioning. The Company took advantage of certain market conditions during 2023 and the first nine months of 2024 to reposition out of lower yielding securities into other structures, which were expected to result in improved overall margin, liquidity and capital allocations. These transactions resulted in losses of 0.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to losses of 5.0 million and 6.5 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 In addition, in the third quarter of 2023, the Company surrendered certain low-yielding life insurance policies and purchased additional policies resulting in improved income. The Company recognized a 4.5 million income tax charge related to the surrender of the policies. 
 
 Redemption of Subordinated Notes. In the second and third quarters of 2024, the Company redeemed a total of 11.0 million of outstanding subordinated notes. The weighted average redemption price was 97.7 of the aggregate principal amount of the subordinated notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded gains totaling 0.2 million on these redemptions. 
 In addition, in the second quarter of 2023, the Company redeemed 6.6 million of outstanding subordinated notes. The weighted average redemption price was 89.2 of the aggregate principal amount of the subordinated notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded gains totaling 0.7 million on these redemptions. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 Overview. The following table sets forth condensed income statement information of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Income Statement Data: Interest income 104,834 103,585 309,804 299,615 Interest expense 49,884 44,989 143,882 121,675 Net interest income 54,950 58,596 165,922 177,940 Provision for credit losses 5,000 5,168 35,800 14,182 Noninterest income 19,339 11,545 58,182 46,077 Noninterest expense 46,733 42,038 139,079 129,414 Income before income taxes 22,556 22,935 49,225 80,421 Income taxes 4,080 11,533 10,114 25,672 Net income 18,476 11,402 39,111 54,749 Preferred dividends 2,229 2,229 6,685 6,685 Net income available to common shareholders 16,247 9,173 32,426 48,064 Per Share Data: Basic earnings per common share 0.74 0.41 1.47 2.14 Diluted earnings per common share 0.74 0.41 1.47 2.14 Performance Metrics: Return on average assets 0.95 0.57 0.67 0.93 Return on average shareholders' equity 9.24 5.86 6.62 9.48 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we generated net income of 18.5 million, or diluted earnings per common share of 0.74, compared to net income of 11.4 million, or diluted earnings per common share of 0.41, in the three months ended September 30, 2023. Earnings for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 increased primarily due to a 7.8 million increase in noninterest income, a 7.5 million decrease in income tax expense and a 0.2 million decrease in provision for credit losses. These results were partially offset by a 3.6 million decrease in net interest income, and a 4.7 million increase in noninterest expense. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we generated net income of 39.1 million, or diluted earnings per common share of 1.47, compared to net income of 54.7 million, or diluted earnings per common share of 2.14, in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 decreased primarily due to a 21.6 million increase in provision for credit losses, a 12.0 million decrease in net interest income and a 9.7 million increase in noninterest expense. These results were partially offset by a 12.1 million increase in noninterest income, and a 15.6 million decrease in income tax expense. 
 Net Interest Income and Margin. Our primary source of revenue is net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from interest-earning assets (primarily loans and securities) and interest expense of funding sources (primarily interest-bearing deposits and borrowings). Net interest income is influenced by many factors, primarily the volume and mix of interest-earning assets, funding sources and interest rate fluctuations. Noninterest-bearing sources of funds, such as demand deposits and shareholders equity, also support earning assets. Net interest margin is calculated as net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. Net interest margin is presented on a tax-equivalent basis, which means that tax-free interest income has been adjusted to a pretax-equivalent income, assuming a federal income tax rate of 21 for 2024 and 2023. 
 The Federal Reserve announced at its September 2024 FOMC meeting that it is cutting its benchmark interest rate by 0.50 percentage points, marking the first reduction in four years. This rate cut lowers the federal funds rate into a range of 4.75 to 5.00 , down from its prior range of 5.25 to 5.50 , which had been its highest level in 23 years. The half-point move signals that the Federal Reserve is acting aggressively to keep the U.S. economy from stalling, given that historically most rate cuts are 0.25 percentage points. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 The FOMC statement indicated that the Committee has gained greater confidence that inflation is moving sustainably toward two percent, and judges that the risks to achieving its employment and inflation goals are roughly in balance. The committee noted that job gains have slowed and the unemployment rate has moved up but remains low. FOMC officials raised their expected unemployment rate this year to 4.4 , from the 4.0 projection at the last update in June, and lowered the inflation outlook to 2.3 from 2.6 . 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, net interest income, on a tax-equivalent basis, decreased to 55.2 million compared to 58.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The tax-equivalent net interest margin decreased to 3.10 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 3.20 for the third quarter of 2023. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , net interest income, on a tax-equivalent basis, decreased to 166.5 million with a tax-equivalent net interest margin of 3.13 compared to net interest income, on a tax-equivalent basis, of 178.6 million and a tax-equivalent net interest margin of 3.27 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 
 Average Balance Sheet, Interest and Yield/Rate Analysis. The following tables present the average balance sheets, interest income, interest expense and the corresponding average yields earned and rates paid for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The average balances are principally daily averages and, for loans, include both performing and nonperforming balances. Interest income on loans includes the effects of discount accretion and net deferred loan origination costs accounted for as yield adjustments. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (tax-equivalent basis, dollars in thousands) Average balance Interest fees Yield/ Rate Average balance Interest fees Yield/ Rate Interest-earning assets: Federal funds sold and cash investments 75,255 1,031 5.45 78,391 1,036 5.24 Investment securities : 
 Taxable investment securities 1,111,147 13,259 4.75 813,582 7,475 3.65 Investment securities exempt from federal income tax (1) 
 51,604 493 3.80 49,416 347 2.79 Total securities 1,162,751 13,752 4.71 862,998 7,822 3.60 Loans : 
 Loans (2) 
 5,737,805 88,860 6.16 6,245,179 93,488 5.94 Loans exempt from federal income tax (1) 
 45,603 484 4.22 52,389 630 4.77 Total loans 5,783,408 89,344 6.15 6,297,568 94,118 5.93 Loans held for sale 7,505 124 6.57 6,078 104 6.80 Nonmarketable equity securities 41,137 788 7.62 39,347 710 7.16 Total interest-earning assets 7,070,056 105,039 5.91 7,284,382 103,790 5.65 Noninterest-earning assets 653,279 622,969 Total assets 7,723,335 7,907,351 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits: Checking and money market deposits 3,554,785 31,061 3.48 3,770,735 29,401 3.09 Savings deposits 523,112 429 0.33 604,475 506 0.33 Time deposits 849,664 8,034 3.76 865,263 6,441 2.95 Brokered time deposits 205,079 2,446 4.74 113,883 1,421 4.95 Total interest-bearing deposits 5,132,640 41,970 3.25 5,354,356 37,769 2.80 Short-term borrowings 53,577 602 4.47 20,127 14 0.28 FHLB advances and other borrowings 428,739 4,743 4.40 402,500 4,557 4.49 Subordinated debt 89,120 1,228 5.48 93,441 1,280 5.43 Trust preferred debentures 50,990 1,341 10.46 50,379 1,369 10.78 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,755,066 49,884 3.45 5,920,803 44,989 3.01 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits 1,075,712 1,116,988 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 97,235 97,935 Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 1,172,947 1,214,923 Shareholders equity 795,322 771,625 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 7,723,335 7,907,351 Net interest income / net interest margin (3) 
 55,155 3.10 58,801 3.20 
 (1) Interest income and average rates for tax-exempt loans and securities are presented on a tax-equivalent basis, assuming a federal income tax rate of 21 . Tax-equivalent adjustments totaled 0.2 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 (2) Average loan balances include nonaccrual loans. Interest income on loans includes amortization of deferred loan fees, net of deferred loan costs. 
 (3) Net interest margin during the periods presented represents: (i) the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets and the interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, divided by (ii) average interest-earning assets for the period. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (tax-equivalent basis, dollars in thousands) Average balance Interest fees Yield/ Rate Average balance Interest fees Yield/ Rate Interest-earning assets: Federal funds sold and cash investments 69,960 2,857 5.45 76,939 2,868 4.98 Investment securities : 
 Taxable investment securities 1,029,008 35,921 4.66 784,954 19,744 3.35 Investment securities exempt from federal income tax (1) 
 54,589 1,344 3.29 59,992 1,359 3.02 Total securities 1,083,597 37,265 4.59 844,946 21,103 3.33 Loans : 
 Loans (2) 
 5,856,676 266,107 6.07 6,270,427 272,297 5.81 Loans exempt from federal income tax (1) 
 46,540 1,463 4.20 54,151 1,708 4.22 Total loans 5,903,216 267,570 6.05 6,324,578 274,005 5.79 Loans held for sale 5,281 263 6.65 3,900 179 6.14 Nonmarketable equity securities 40,429 2,438 8.06 44,034 2,104 6.39 Total interest-earning assets 7,102,483 310,393 5.84 7,294,397 300,259 5.50 Noninterest-earning assets 663,967 615,383 Total assets 7,766,450 7,909,780 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits: Checking and money market deposits 3,572,032 89,910 3.36 3,743,483 79,858 2.85 Savings deposits 541,420 1,377 0.34 626,976 1,145 0.24 Time deposits 849,529 23,096 3.63 791,555 14,694 2.48 Brokered time deposits 179,998 6,277 4.66 61,838 2,094 4.53 Total interest-bearing deposits 5,142,979 120,660 3.13 5,223,852 97,791 2.50 Short-term borrowings 49,750 1,746 4.69 26,865 53 0.26 FHLB advances and other borrowings 414,259 13,615 4.39 471,084 15,959 4.53 Subordinated debt 91,921 3,773 5.48 96,820 3,985 5.49 Trust preferred debentures 50,873 4,088 10.73 50,216 3,887 10.35 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,749,782 143,882 3.34 5,868,837 121,675 2.77 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits 1,119,764 1,184,410 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 107,192 84,650 Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 1,226,956 1,269,060 Shareholders equity 789,712 771,883 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 7,766,450 7,909,780 Net interest income / net interest margin (3) 
 166,511 3.13 178,584 3.27 
 (1) Interest income and average rates for tax-exempt loans and securities are presented on a tax-equivalent basis, assuming a federal income tax rate of 21 . Tax-equivalent adjustments totaled 0.6 million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Average loan balances include nonaccrual loans. Interest income on loans includes amortization of deferred loan fees, net of deferred loan costs. 
 (3) Net interest margin during the periods presented represents: (i) the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets and the interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, divided by (ii) average interest-earning assets for the period. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rates and Operating Interest Differential. Increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in average interest rates. The following table shows the effect that these factors had on the interest earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest incurred on our interest-bearing liabilities. The effect of changes in volume is determined by multiplying the change in volume by the previous period s average rate. Similarly, the effect of rate changes is calculated by multiplying the change in average rate by the previous period s volume. Changes which are not due solely to volume or rate have been allocated proportionally to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared with Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared with Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Change due to: Interest Variance Change due to: Interest Variance (tax-equivalent basis, dollars in thousands) Volume Rate Volume Rate Earning assets: Federal funds sold and cash investments (44) 39 (5) (272) 261 (11) Investment securities: Taxable investment securities 3,141 2,643 5,784 7,304 8,873 16,177 Investment securities exempt from federal income tax 19 127 146 (128) 113 (15) Total securities 3,160 2,770 5,930 7,176 8,986 16,162 Loans: Loans (7,845) 3,217 (4,628) (18,267) 12,077 (6,190) Loans exempt from federal income tax (78) (68) (146) (240) (5) (245) Total loans (7,923) 3,149 (4,774) (18,507) 12,072 (6,435) Loans held for sale 24 (4) 20 67 17 84 Nonmarketable equity securities 33 45 78 (194) 528 334 Total earning assets (4,750) 5,999 1,249 (11,730) 21,864 10,134 Interest-bearing liabilities: Checking and money market deposits (1,824) 3,484 1,660 (3,953) 14,005 10,052 Savings deposits (69) (8) (77) (186) 418 232 Time deposits (141) 1,734 1,593 1,333 7,069 8,402 Brokered time deposits 1,110 (85) 1,025 4,065 118 4,183 Total interest-bearing deposits (924) 5,125 4,201 1,259 21,610 22,869 Short-term borrowings 199 389 588 424 1,269 1,693 FHLB advances and other borrowings 287 (101) 186 (1,890) (454) (2,344) Subordinated debt (56) 4 (52) (200) (12) (212) Trust preferred debentures 15 (43) (28) 54 147 201 Total interest-bearing liabilities (479) 5,374 4,895 (353) 22,560 22,207 Net interest income (4,271) 625 (3,646) (11,377) (696) (12,073) 
 
 Interest Income. Interest income, on a tax-equivalent basis, increased 1.2 million to 105.0 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same quarter in 2023, primarily due to improved yields on earning assets. The yield on earning assets increased 26 basis points to 5.91 from 5.65 primarily due to the impact of increasing market interest rates. 
 Average earning assets decreased to 7.07 billion in the third quarter of 2024 from 7.28 billion in the same quarter of 2023. The decrease in average loans of 514.2 million was partially offset by a 299.8 million increase in investment securities. 
 Average loans decreased 514.2 million to 5.78 billion in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same quarter of 2023, due primarily to continued reductions in our equipment financing and consumer loan portfolios. Average equipment finance loan and lease balances decreased 215.3 million to 868.2 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to the third quarter of 2023. The Company continued to reduce its concentration of this product within the overall loan portfolio. Consumer loans decreased 358.7 million during the third quarter to 722.1 million due to loan payoffs and a cessation in loans originated through GreenSky. Our Greensky-originated average loan balances decreased 280.0 million in the third quarter of 2024 to 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 504.6 million, compared to the third quarter of 2023. In addition, as previously disclosed, during the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company ceased originating loans through LendingPoint. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest income, on a tax-equivalent basis, increased 10.1 million to 310.4 million as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to the increase in market rates year over year. The yield on earning assets increased 34 basis points to 5.84 from 5.50 , primarily due to the impact of increasing market interest rates. 
 Average earning assets decreased to 7.10 billion in the first nine months of 2024 from 7.29 billion in the same period in 2023. Average loans decreased 421.4 million, which was partially offset by an increase in investment securities of 238.7 million. The changes in average loan mix on a year-to-date basis is consistent with the quarter-to-date changes described previously. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense increased 4.9 million to 49.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased to 3.45 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 3.01 for the third quarter of 2023 due to the increase in deposit costs as a result of the rate increases previously enacted by the Federal Reserve. 
 Interest expense on deposits increased 4.2 million to 42.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from the comparable period in 2023 . The increase was primarily due to an increase in rates paid on deposits. Average balances of interest-bearing deposit accounts decreased 221.7 million, or 4.1 , to 5.13 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period one year earlier. 
 For the nine month period ended September 30, 2024, interest expense increased 22.2 million to 143.9 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased to 3.34 for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2.77 for the same period of 2023. Interest expense on deposits increased to 120.7 million from 97.8 million for the comparable period in 2023, primarily due to increases in interest rates on deposits. 
 Interest expense on FHLB advances and other borrowings decreased 2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from the comparable period in 2023. Average balances decreased 56.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from the comparable period in 2023, as loan paydowns permitted a decrease in the use of this funding source. 
 Provision for Credit Losses. The Company's provision for credit losses totaled 5.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded provision expense of 35.8 million and 14.2 million, respectively. The provision expense was attributable to loans, as further described below, with the exception of 0.2 million recapture attributable to unfunded commitments in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The elevated provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to credit deterioration and servicing issues involving one of our FinTech partners, LendingPoint, subsequent to their system conversion in late 2023. The Company recognized provision expense of 14.0 million in the second quarter of 2024 related to this portfolio. In addition, the provision expense for the first quarter of 2024 included a specific reserve of 8.0 million on a multi-family construction project. 
 The provision for credit losses on loans recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was made at a level deemed necessary by management to absorb estimated losses in the loan portfolio. A detailed evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is completed quarterly by management, the results of which are used to determine provision for credit losses. Management estimates the allowance balance required using past loan loss experience, the nature and volume of the portfolio, information about specific borrower situations and estimated collateral values, economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts along with other qualitative and quantitative factors. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Noninterest Income. Noninterest income increased 7.8 million and 12.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods one year prior. The following table sets forth the major components of our noninterest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (decrease) (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Noninterest income: Wealth management revenue 7,104 6,288 816 21,037 18,968 2,069 Service charges on deposit accounts 3,411 3,149 262 9,648 8,744 904 Interchange revenue 3,506 3,609 (103) 10,427 10,717 (290) Residential mortgage banking revenue 697 507 190 1,781 1,452 329 Income on company-owned life insurance 1,982 918 1,064 5,708 2,685 3,023 Loss on sales of investment securities, net (44) (4,961) 4,917 (196) (6,478) 6,282 Other income 2,683 2,035 648 9,777 9,989 (212) Total noninterest income 19,339 11,545 7,794 58,182 46,077 12,105 
 Wealth management revenue . Wealth management revenue increased 0.8 million and 2.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same periods in 2023. Assets under administration increased to 4.27 billion at September 30, 2024 from 3.50 billion at September 30, 2023, primarily due to improved sales activity and an increase in market performance. 
 Income on company-owned life insurance. Income on company-owned life insurance increased 1.1 million and 3.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same periods in 2023. As previously discussed, the Company surrendered certain low-yielding life insurance policies and purchased additional policies in the third quarter of 2023, resulting in the increase in revenue. 
 Noninterest Expense. The following table sets forth the major components of noninterest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (decrease) (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits 24,382 22,307 2,075 71,356 69,407 1,949 Occupancy and equipment 4,393 3,730 663 12,499 12,052 447 Data processing 6,955 6,468 487 20,882 19,323 1,559 FDIC insurance 1,402 1,107 295 3,895 3,632 263 Professional services 1,744 1,554 190 6,242 4,977 1,265 Marketing 967 950 17 2,445 2,323 122 Communications 359 507 (148) 1,037 1,514 (477) Loan expense 1,935 866 1,069 4,416 3,104 1,312 Amortization of intangible assets 951 1,129 (178) 3,056 3,628 (572) Other expense 3,645 3,420 225 13,251 9,454 3,797 Total noninterest expense 46,733 42,038 4,695 139,079 129,414 9,665 
 Salaries and employee benefits. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, salaries and employee benefits expense increased 2.1 million and 1.9 million, respectively, as compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to annual salary increases and increased incentive expense. The Company employed 907 employees at September 30, 2024 compared to 911 employees at September 30, 2023. 
 Data processing fees. The 0.5 million and 1.6 million increases in data processing fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2023, were primarily the result of our continuing investments in technology to better serve our growing customer base and increased transaction volumes. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Loan expense. The 1.1 million and 1.3 million increases in loan expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2023, were primarily for loan collection expenses due to the increased volume of nonperforming loans and assets. 
 Other expense. Other expense increased 3.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023. OREO expenses, including impairment and property taxes, increased 1.8 million. In addition, the Company recognized expenses of 3.1 million related to various legal actions. 
 Income Tax Expense. The Company's effective tax rates were 18.1 and 20.6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 50.3 and 31.9 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 is due primarily to tax expense of 4.5 million associated with a surrender of company-owned life insurance policies recognized in the third quarter of 2023, as previously discussed, and a 1.4 million return to provision adjustment also recognized in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 Assets. Total assets were 7.75 billion at September 30, 2024, as compared to 7.87 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 Loans. The loan portfolio is the largest category of our assets. The following table presents the balance and associated percentage of each major category in our loan portfolio at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Balance Percent Balance Percent Loans: Commercial: Equipment finance loans 442,552 7.7 531,143 8.7 Equipment finance leases 417,531 7.3 473,350 7.7 Commercial FHA lines 50,198 0.9 Other commercial loans 863,922 15.0 951,387 15.5 Total commercial loans and leases 1,774,203 30.9 1,955,880 31.9 Commercial real estate 2,510,472 43.7 2,406,845 39.3 Construction and land development 422,253 7.3 452,593 7.4 Residential real estate 378,657 6.6 380,583 6.2 Consumer 663,234 11.5 935,178 15.2 Total loans, gross 5,748,819 100.0 6,131,079 100.0 Allowance for credit losses on loans (85,804) (68,502) Total loans, net 5,663,015 6,062,577 
 
 Total loans decreased 382.3 million to 5.75 billion at September 30, 2024, as compared to December 31, 2023. Increases in commercial FHA warehouse lines and commercial real estate loans of 50.2 million and 103.6 million, respectively, were offset by decreases in all other loan categories. The Company continued to shrink its equipment financing and consumer loan portfolios, and focus on commercial loan opportunities in our community bank footprint. 
 Equipment finance loan and lease balances decreased 144.4 million to 860.1 million at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023 as the Company continued to reduce its concentration of this product within the overall loan portfolio. Consumer loans decreased 271.9 million due to loan payoffs and a cessation in loans originated through GreenSky. Our Greensky-originated loan balances decreased 208.2 million during the first nine months of 2024 to 475.3 million at September 30, 2024. In addition, as previously disclosed, during the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company ceased originating loans through LendingPoint. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 96.5 million in loans that were originated through and serviced by LendingPoint. Equipment financing and consumer loans comprised 15.0 and 11.5 , respectively, of the loan portfolio at September 30, 2024, compared to 16.4 and 15.2 , respectively, at December 31, 2023. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 The principal segments of our loan portfolio are discussed below: 
 Commercial loans. We provide a mix of variable and fixed rate commercial loans. The loans are typically made to small- and medium-sized manufacturing, wholesale, retail and service businesses for working capital needs, business expansions and farm operations. Commercial loans generally include lines of credit and loans with maturities of five years or less. The loans are generally made with business operations as the primary source of repayment, but may also include collateralization by inventory, accounts receivable and equipment, and generally include personal guarantees. The commercial loan category also includes loans originated by the equipment financing business that are secured by the underlying equipment. 
 Commercial real estate loans. Our commercial real estate loans consist of both real estate occupied by the borrower for ongoing operations and non-owner occupied real estate properties. The real estate securing our existing commercial real estate loans includes a wide variety of property types, such as owner occupied offices, warehouses and production facilities, office buildings, hotels, mixed-use residential and commercial facilities, retail centers, multifamily properties, skilled nursing and assisted living facilities. Our commercial real estate loan portfolio also includes farmland loans. Farmland loans are generally made to a borrower actively involved in farming rather than to passive investors. 
 Construction and land development loans. Our construction and land development loans are comprised of residential construction, commercial construction and land acquisition and development loans. Interest reserves are generally established on real estate construction loans. 
 The following table presents the balance and associated percentage of the major property types within our commercial real estate and construction and land development loan portfolios at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Balance Percent Balance Percent Multi-Family 555,984 19.0 516,295 18.1 Skilled Nursing 397,700 13.7 469,096 16.4 Retail 461,017 15.7 454,589 15.9 Industrial/Warehouse 216,870 7.4 217,956 7.6 Hotel/Motel 243,292 8.3 159,707 5.6 Office 147,189 5.0 153,756 5.4 All other 910,673 30.9 888,039 31.0 Total commercial real estate and construction and land development loans 2,932,725 100.0 2,859,438 100.0 
 Loans secured by office space totaled 147.2 million and 153.8 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, primarily located in suburban locations in Illinois and Missouri. 
 Residential real estate loans. Our residential real estate loans are loans secured by residential properties that generally do not qualify for secondary market sale. 
 Consumer loans. Our consumer loans include direct personal loans, indirect automobile loans, lines of credit and installment loans originated through home improvement specialty retailers and contractors. Personal loans are generally secured by automobiles, boats and other types of personal property and are made on an installment basis. 
 Lease financing. Our equipment leasing business provides financing leases to varying types of businesses nationwide for purchases of business equipment and software. The financing is secured by a first priority interest in the financed asset and generally requires monthly payments. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows the contractual maturities of our loan portfolio and the distribution between fixed and adjustable interest rate loans at September 30, 2024: 
 September 30, 2024 Within One Year One Year to Five Years Five Years to 15 Years After 15 Years (dollars in thousands) Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Total Commercial 135,890 421,349 481,705 77,196 103,527 92,405 44,600 1,356,672 Commercial real estate 371,569 377,978 1,014,476 247,232 283,529 192,413 5,530 17,745 2,510,472 Construction and land development 88,322 149,344 67,853 62,720 1,477 50,299 94 2,144 422,253 Total commercial loans 595,781 948,671 1,564,034 387,148 388,533 335,117 5,624 64,489 4,289,397 Residential real estate 4,554 6,026 8,497 17,790 22,881 36,855 179,791 102,263 378,657 Consumer 4,617 599 547,414 82,156 28,448 663,234 Lease financing 28,604 313,475 75,452 417,531 Total loans 633,556 955,296 2,433,420 487,094 439,862 447,424 185,415 166,752 5,748,819 
 Loan Quality 
 We use what we believe is a comprehensive methodology to monitor credit quality and prudently manage credit concentration within our loan portfolio. Our underwriting policies and practices govern the risk profile, credit and geographic concentration for our loan portfolio. We also have what we believe to be a comprehensive methodology to monitor these credit quality standards, including a risk classification system that identifies potential problem loans based on risk characteristics by loan type as well as the early identification of deterioration at the individual loan level. 
 Analysis of the Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans. The allowance for credit losses on loans was 85.8 million, or 1.49 of total loans, at September 30, 2024 compared to 68.5 million, or 1.12 of total loans, at December 31, 2023. The following table allocates the allowance for credit losses on loans by loan category: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Allowance Percent (1) 
 Allowance Percent (1) 
 Commercial 24,106 1.78 21,847 1.47 Commercial real estate 22,531 0.90 20,229 0.84 Construction and land development 12,061 2.86 4,163 0.92 Total commercial loans 58,698 1.37 46,239 1.06 Residential real estate 5,351 1.41 5,553 1.46 Consumer 8,031 1.21 3,770 0.40 Lease financing 13,724 3.29 12,940 2.73 Total allowance for credit losses on loans 85,804 1.49 68,502 1.12 
 (1) Represents the percentage of the allowance to total loans in the respective category. 
 We measure expected credit losses over the life of each loan utilizing a combination of models which measure probability of default and loss given default, among other things. The measurement of expected credit losses is impacted by loan and borrower attributes and certain macroeconomic variables. Models are adjusted to reflect the impact of certain current macroeconomic variables as well as their expected changes over a reasonable and supportable forecast period. 
 In estimating expected credit losses as of September 30, 2024, we utilized certain forecasted macroeconomic variables from Oxford Economics in our models. The forecasted projections included, among other things, (i) U.S. gross domestic product ranging from 2.5 to 3.1 over the next four quarters; (ii) the 10-year treasury rate decreasing from 4.0 in the third quarter of 2024 to 3.9 by the fourth quarter of 2025; and (iii) Illinois unemployment rate averaging 5.5 through the fourth quarter of 2025. 
 We qualitatively adjust the model results based on this scenario for various risk factors that are not considered within our modeling processes but are nonetheless relevant in assessing the expected credit losses within our loan pools. These Q-Factor adjustments are based upon management judgment and current assessment as to the impact of risks related to changes in lending policies and procedures; economic and business conditions; loan portfolio attributes and credit concentrations; and 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 external factors, among other things, that are not already fully captured within the modeling inputs, assumptions and other processes. Management assesses the potential impact of such items within a range of severely negative impact to positive impact and adjusts the modeled expected credit loss by an aggregate adjustment percentage based upon the assessment. The qualitative factor adjustment at September 30, 2024, was approximately 56 basis points of total loans. The additional provision expense related to the LendingPoint portfolio resulted in the increase in the qualitative factor adjustment when compared to 41 basis points at December 31, 2023. 
 The allowance allocated to commercial loans totaled 24.1 million, or 1.78 of total commercial loans, at September 30, 2024, compared to 21.8 million, or 1.47 , at December 31, 2023. Modeled expected credit losses increased 0.5 million and qualitative factor adjustments related to commercial loans increased 2.7 million. A certain portion of the LendingPoint portfolio is classified as commercial loans. The Company recognized provision expense of 3.2 million on this portfolio during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Specific allocations for commercial loans that were evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis decreased 1.0 million from 1.8 million at December 31, 2023. 
 The allowance allocated to commercial real estate loans totaled 22.5 million, or 0.90 of total commercial real estate loans, at September 30, 2024, increasing 2.3 million, from 20.2 million, or 0.84 of total commercial real estate loans, at December 31, 2023. Modeled expected credit losses increased 0.7 million and qualitative factor adjustments decreased 0.1 million. Specific allocations for commercial real estate loans that were evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis increased from 0.7 million at December 31, 2023, to 1.5 million at September 30, 2024. The commercial real estate portfolio does not include significant exposure to urban office properties. 
 The allowance allocated to construction and land development loans totaled 12.1 million, or 2.86 of total construction and land development loans, at September 30, 2024, increasing 7.9 million, from 4.2 million, or 0.92 of total constructions loans, at December 31, 2023. Specific allocations for construction loans that were evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis totaled 8.0 million and 0.0 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. This represents the specific reserve on one large construction and land development loan recognized in the first quarter of 2024 provision for credit losses. Modeled expected credit losses decreased 0.4 million and qualitative factor adjustments related to construction loans increased 0.3 million. 
 The allowance allocated to consumer loans totaled 8.0 million, or 1.21 of total consumer loans, at September 30, 2024, compared to 3.8 million, or 0.40 , at December 31, 2023. Credit deterioration and servicing related issues with the LendingPoint portfolio, as previously discussed, resulted in an increase of the allowance of 5.0 million at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023. The Company's consumer portfolios benefit from credit enhancements provided by LendingPoint and Greensky. The Company calculated its expected loss estimate based on delinquent loans, as reported by LendingPoint, net of expected credit enhancements. The Company expects to recognize charge offs over the remaining life of this portfolio, and believes that it has properly reserved for expected losses based upon the data that is currently known and available. Specific allocations for consumer loans that were evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis decreased 0.1 million. 
 
 The allowance allocated to the lease portfolio totaled 13.7 million, or 3.29 of total commercial leases, at September 30, 2024, increasing 0.8 million, from 12.9 million, or 2.73 of total commercial leases at December 31, 2023. Modeled expected credit losses and specific allocation reserves increased 0.8 million and 0.4 million, respectively. Qualitative factor adjustments related to commercial leases decreased 0.1 million. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides an analysis of the allowance for credit losses on loans, provision for credit losses on loans and net charge-offs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Balance, beginning of period 92,183 64,950 68,502 61,051 Charge-offs: Commercial 2,491 3,249 7,869 5,289 Commercial real estate 32 2,316 728 4,606 Construction and land development 44 378 Residential real estate 159 95 194 180 Consumer 6,395 250 6,829 773 Lease financing 2,979 1,394 6,728 2,555 Total charge-offs 12,056 7,348 22,348 13,781 Recoveries: Commercial 484 80 753 577 Commercial real estate 2 3,678 2,242 4,006 Construction and land development 2 3 32 Residential real estate 62 33 130 98 Consumer 44 53 194 226 Lease financing 83 55 328 278 Total recoveries 677 3,899 3,650 5,217 Net charge-offs 11,379 3,449 18,698 8,564 Provision for credit losses on loans 5,000 5,168 36,000 14,182 Balance, end of period 85,804 66,669 85,804 66,669 Gross loans, end of period 5,748,819 6,280,883 5,748,819 6,280,883 Average total loans 5,783,408 6,297,568 5,903,216 6,324,578 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.78 0.22 0.42 0.18 Allowance for credit losses to total loans 1.49 1.06 1.49 1.06 
 Individual loans considered to be uncollectible are charged-off against the allowance. Factors used in determining the amount and timing of charge-offs on loans include consideration of the loan type, length of delinquency, sufficiency of collateral value, lien priority and the overall financial condition of the borrower. Collateral value is determined using updated appraisals and/or other market comparable information.Charge-offs are generally taken on loans when the collectability of a loan balance is unlikely. Recoveries on loans previously charged-off are added to the allowance. 
 Net charge-offs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 11.4 million, compared to 3.4 million for the same period one year ago. The Company recorded 6.2 million of charge-offs of consumer loans originated and serviced by LendingPoint. Net charge-offs of equipment financing loans and leases for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, totaled 4.9 million and 2.2 million, respectively, primarily due to continued weakness within the trucking and transportation sector. 
 Net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 18.7 million, compared to 8.6 million for the same period one year ago. Net charge-offs of equipment financing loans and leases totaled 12.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.9 million for the same period one year ago. The Company recorded 6.2 million of charge-offs of consumer loans originated and serviced by LendingPoint in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company recognized a 2.0 million partial recovery in the second quarter of 2024 related to a third quarter of 2023 charge off. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Nonperforming Loans . The following table sets forth our nonperforming assets by asset categories as of the dates indicated. Nonperforming loans include nonaccrual loans and loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest. The balances of nonperforming loans reflect the net investment in these assets. 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Nonperforming loans: Commercial 16,273 9,282 Commercial real estate 51,013 33,891 Construction and land development 26,555 39 Residential real estate 4,613 3,869 Consumer 3,902 137 Lease financing 12,200 9,133 Total nonperforming loans 114,556 56,351 Other real estate owned and other repossessed assets 12,215 11,350 Nonperforming assets 126,771 67,701 Nonperforming loans to total loans 1.99 0.92 Nonperforming assets to total assets 1.64 0.86 Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans 74.90 121.56 
 Non-performing loans increased 58.2 million to 114.6 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 56.4 million at December 31, 2023. Five loans totaling 51.0 million account for the increase. Of these, three loans totaling 40.9 million are multi-family construction or multi-family projects. Nonperforming consumer loans increased to 3.9 million as 3.8 million of loans servicing by LendingPoint were transferred to nonaccrual status. 
 We did not recognize interest income on nonaccrual loans during the three months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023 while the loans were in nonaccrual status. Additional interest income that would have been recorded on nonaccrual loans had they been current in accordance with their original terms was 2.7 million and 6.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 0.8 million and 2.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Collateral Dependent Financial Assets 
 The following table presents the change in our non-performing loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 (dollars in thousands) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Balance, beginning of period 56,351 New nonperforming loans 75,364 Return to performing status (1,253) Payments received (9,390) Transfer to OREO and other repossessed assets (1,698) Charge-offs (4,818) Balance, end of period 114,556 
 Investment Securities. Our investment strategy aims to maximize earnings while maintaining liquidity in securities with minimal credit risk. The types and maturities of securities purchased are primarily based on our current and projected liquidity and interest rate sensitivity positions. In the periods presented, all investment securities of the Company are classified as available for sale and, therefore, the book value of investment securities is equal to the fair market value. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the book value and associated percentage of each category of investment securities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Balance Percent Balance Percent Investment securities available for sale: U.S. Treasury securities 1,097 0.1 U.S. government sponsored entities and U.S. agency securities 42,824 3.5 72,572 7.9 Mortgage-backed securities - agency 834,764 68.9 574,500 62.7 Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency 85,926 7.1 83,529 9.1 State and municipal securities 70,471 5.8 57,460 6.3 Corporate securities 87,962 7.3 99,172 10.9 Other securities 90,143 7.4 27,565 3.0 Total investment securities, available for sale, at fair value 1,212,090 100.0 915,895 100.0 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the book value, maturities and weighted average yields for our investment portfolio at September 30, 2024. 
 (dollars in thousands) Balance Percent Weighted average yield Investment securities available for sale: U.S. government sponsored entities and U.S. agency securities: Maturing within one year Maturing in one to five years 27,189 2.2 4.44 Maturing in five to ten years 15,635 1.3 5.92 Maturing after ten years Total U.S. government sponsored entities and U.S. agency securities 42,824 3.5 4.98 Mortgage-backed securities - agency: Maturing within one year 10,767 0.9 6.08 Maturing in one to five years 343,832 28.4 4.61 Maturing in five to ten years 268,200 22.1 4.24 Maturing after ten years 211,965 17.5 3.45 Total mortgage-backed securities - agency 834,764 68.9 4.21 Mortgage-backed securities - non-agency: Maturing within one year 5,153 0.4 5.43 Maturing in one to five years 56,993 4.7 5.02 Maturing in five to ten years Maturing after ten years 23,780 2.0 4.63 Total mortgage-backed securities - non-agency 85,926 7.1 4.94 State and municipal securities (1) : 
 Maturing within one year 1,031 0.1 3.17 Maturing in one to five years 7,188 0.6 2.57 Maturing in five to ten years 26,383 2.1 2.35 Maturing after ten years 35,869 3.0 4.60 Total state and municipal securities 70,471 5.8 3.53 Corporate securities: Maturing within one year Maturing in one to five years 40,022 3.3 6.01 Maturing in five to ten years 47,940 4.0 3.83 Maturing after ten years Total corporate securities 87,962 7.3 4.82 Other securities: Maturing within one year 293 6.22 Maturing in one to five years 6,217 0.5 6.14 Maturing in five to ten years 26,934 2.2 6.76 Maturing after ten years 56,699 4.7 6.44 Total other securities 90,143 7.4 6.51 Total investment securities, available for sale 1,212,090 100.0 4.47 
 (1) Weighted average yield for tax-exempt securities are presented on a tax-equivalent basis assuming a federal income tax rate of 21 . 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 The table below presents the credit ratings for our investment securities classified as available for sale, at fair value, at September 30, 2024. 
 Amortized Fair Average credit rating (dollars in thousands) cost Value AAA AA+/- A+/- BBB+/- 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Resources and Liquidity Management 
 Capital Resources. Shareholders equity is influenced primarily by earnings, dividends, issuances and redemptions of common and preferred stock and changes in accumulated other comprehensive income caused primarily by fluctuations in unrealized holding gains or losses, net of taxes, on available-for-sale investment securities, fair value hedges and cash flow hedges. 
 Shareholders equity increased 26.4 million to 818.3 million at September 30, 2024 as compared to December 31, 2023. The change in shareholders equity was the result of the generation of net income of 39.1 million, offset by dividends to common shareholders of 20.3 million, dividends to preferred shareholders of 6.7 million, the repurchases of common stock of 5.5 million and decrease in accumulated other comprehensive losses of 16.1 million. 
 On December 5, 2023, the Company s board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program, pursuant to which the Company is authorized to repurchase up to 25.0 million of common stock through December 31, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 228,266 shares of its common stock at a weighted average price of 23.93 under its stock repurchase program, with approximately 19.5 million of remaining repurchase authority. 
 Liquidity Management. Liquidity refers to the measure of our ability to meet the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers, while at the same time meeting our operating, capital and strategic cash flow needs, all at a reasonable cost. We continuously monitor our liquidity position to ensure that assets and liabilities are managed in a manner that will meet all short-term and long-term cash requirements. We manage our liquidity position to meet the daily cash flow needs of customers, while maintaining an appropriate balance between assets and liabilities to meet the return on investment objectives of our shareholders. 
 Integral to our liquidity management is the administration of short-term borrowings. To the extent we are unable to obtain sufficient liquidity through core deposits, we seek to meet our liquidity needs through wholesale funding or other borrowings on either a short- or long-term basis. 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase, which are classified as secured borrowings, generally mature within one to four days from the transaction date. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are reflected at the amount of cash received in connection with the transaction, which represents the amount of the Bank s obligation. The Bank may be required to provide additional collateral based on the fair value of the underlying securities. Investment securities with a carrying amount of 14.0 million and 20.9 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were pledged for securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 
 The table below presents our sources of liquidity as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents 121,873 135,061 Unpledged securities 532,835 346,843 FHLB committed liquidity 1,086,286 935,977 FRB discount window availability 552,777 699,896 Total Estimated Liquidity 2,293,771 2,117,777 Conditional Funding Based on Market Conditions Additional credit facility 433,000 419,000 Brokered CDs (additional capacity) 350,000 500,000 
 The Company is a corporation separate and apart from the Bank and, therefore, must provide for its own liquidity. The Company s main source of funding is dividends declared and paid to it by the Bank. There are statutory, regulatory and debt covenant limitations that affect the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. Management believed at September 30, 2024, that these limitations will not impact our ability to meet our ongoing short-term cash obligations. 
 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 We are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal and state banking regulators. Failure to meet regulatory capital requirements may result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action , we must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of our assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting policies. 
 The Company adopted the five-year CECL transition option in 2020 provided for by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve, and the FDIC in March 2020. At the end of 2024 this transition will be complete. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company and the Bank exceeded the regulatory minimums and met the regulatory definition of well-capitalized. 
 The following table presents the Company's and the Bank s capital ratios and the minimum requirements at September 30, 2024: 
 Ratio Actual Minimum 
 Regulatory 
 Requirements (1) 
 Well Capitalized Total risk-based capital ratio Midland States Bancorp, Inc. 13.98 10.50 N/A Midland States Bank 13.34 10.50 10.00 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio Midland States Bancorp, Inc. 11.65 8.50 N/A Midland States Bank 12.09 8.50 8.00 Common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio Midland States Bancorp, Inc. 9.00 7.00 N/A Midland States Bank 12.09 7.00 6.50 Tier 1 leverage ratio Midland States Bancorp, Inc. 10.10 4.00 N/A Midland States Bank 10.47 4.00 5.00 
 (1) Total risk-based capital ratio, Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio and Common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio include the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 . 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market Risk. Market risk represents the risk of loss due to changes in market values of assets and liabilities. We incur market risk in the normal course of business through exposures to market interest rates, equity prices, and credit spreads. We are primarily exposed to interest rate risk as a result of offering a wide array of financial products to our customers and secondarily to price risk from investments in securities. 
 Interest Rate Risk. Interest rate risk is the risk to earnings arising from changes in market interest rates. Interest rate risk arises from timing differences in the repricings and maturities of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities (reprice risk), changes in the expected maturities of assets and liabilities arising from embedded options, such as borrowers ability to prepay residential mortgage loans at any time and depositors ability to redeem certificates of deposit before maturity (option risk), changes in the shape of the yield curve where interest rates increase or decrease in a nonparallel fashion (yield curve risk), and changes in spread relationships between different yield curves, such as U.S. Treasuries and SOFR (basis risk). 
 Interest rate risk management is an active process that encompasses monitoring loan and deposit flows complemented by investment, funding and hedging activities. Effective management of interest rate risk begins with understanding the dynamic characteristics of assets and liabilities and determining the appropriate interest rate risk posture given business forecasts, management objectives, market expectations, and policy constraints. 
 Changes in market interest rates may result in changes in the fair market value of our financial instruments, cash flows, and net interest income. We seek to achieve a stable net interest income profile while managing volatility arising from shifts in market interest rates. Our Board of Directors Risk Policy and Compliance Committee oversees interest rate risk, as well as the establishment of risk measures, limits, and policy guidelines for managing the amount of interest rate risk and its effect on net interest income. The Committee meets quarterly to monitor the level of interest rate risk sensitivity to ensure compliance with the board of directors approved risk limits. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 An asset sensitive position refers to a balance sheet position in which an increase in short-term interest rates is expected to generate higher net interest income, as rates earned on our interest-earning assets would reprice upward more quickly than rates paid on our interest-bearing liabilities, thus expanding our net interest margin. Conversely, a liability sensitive position refers to a balance sheet position in which an increase in short-term interest rates is expected to generate lower net interest income, as rates paid on our interest-bearing liabilities would reprice upward more quickly than rates earned on our interest-earning assets, thus compressing our net interest margin. 
 Interest rate risk measurement is calculated and reported to the Risk Policy and Compliance Committee at least quarterly. The information reported includes period-end results and identifies any policy limits exceeded, along with an assessment of the policy limit breach and the action plan and timeline for resolution, mitigation, or assumption of the risk. 
 We use NII at Risk to model interest rate risk utilizing various assumptions for assets, liabilities, and derivatives. NII at Risk uses net interest income simulation analysis which involves forecasting net interest earnings under a variety of scenarios including changes in the level of interest rates, the shape of the yield curve, and spreads between market interest rates. The sensitivity of net interest income to changes in interest rates is measured using numerous interest rate scenarios including shocks, gradual ramps, curve flattening, curve steepening as well as forecasts of likely interest rates scenarios. Modeling the sensitivity of net interest earnings to changes in market interest rates is highly dependent on numerous assumptions incorporated into the modeling process. To the extent that actual performance is different than what was assumed, actual net interest earnings sensitivity may be different than projected. We use a data warehouse to study interest rate risk at a transactional level and use various ad-hoc reports to continuously refine assumptions. Assumptions and methodologies regarding administered rate liabilities (e.g., savings accounts, money market accounts and interest-bearing checking accounts), balance trends, and repricing relationships reflect our best estimate of expected behavior and these assumptions are reviewed periodically. 
 The following table shows NII at Risk at the dates indicated: 
 Net interest income sensitivity (Shocks) Immediate change in rates (dollars in thousands) -200 -100 +100 +200 September 30, 2024: Dollar change 3,024 2,031 (3,618) (7,926) Percent change 1.4 0.9 (1.6) (3.6) December 31, 2023: Dollar change 539 (293) (1,424) (3,162) Percent change 0.2 (0.1) (0.6) (1.3) 
 We report NII at Risk to isolate the change in income related solely to interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The NII at Risk results included in the table above reflect the analysis used quarterly by management. It models -200, 100, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates, implied by the forward yield curve over the next twelve months. We were within board policy limits for all scenarios at September 30, 2024. 
 Tolerance levels for risk management require the continuing development of remedial plans to maintain residual risk within approved levels as we adjust the balance sheet. NII at Risk reported at September 30, 2024 projects that our earnings exhibit increasing profitability in a declining rate environment, consistent with our modeling at December 31, 2023. Throughout the course of 2023, the bank exhibited similar trends to the industry concerning its beta assumptions related to its non-maturity deposit portfolio. Coupled with a market shift to slowing rate increases or even rate cuts into 2024, the bank did start to position its investment strategy to protect against lower rates in the future. These two aspects are the primary drivers of moving to a virtually neutral position as measured in the +/- 100 basis point rate shocks. 
 Price Risk. Price risk represents the risk of loss arising from adverse movements in the prices of financial instruments that are carried at fair value and are subject to fair value accounting. We have price risk from investment securities, derivative instruments, and equity investments. 

ITEM 3 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk are included under Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk . 
 60 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. The Company s management, including our President and 
 Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act)), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of that date to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its President and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 P ART II O THER I NFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 There are no material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which we or any of our subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their property is the subject. However, given the nature, scope and complexity of the extensive legal and regulatory landscape applicable to our business, we, like all banking organizations, are subject to various legal proceedings from time to time, including those referenced in "Note 11 - Commitments, Contingencies and Credit Risk" to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Risk Factors section included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the Company s repurchase of shares of its outstanding common stock during the third quarter of 2024. 
 Period Total number of shares purchased (1) 
 Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (2) 
 July 1 - 31, 2024 23,215 22.55 23,113 19,537,960 August 1 - 31, 2024 303 21.46 19,537,960 September 1 - 30, 2024 19,537,960 Total 23,518 22.53 23,113 19,537,960 
 (1) Represents shares of the Company s common stock repurchased under the employee stock purchase program and shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of awards of restricted stock. 
 (2) As previously disclosed, the board of directors of the Company approved a stock repurchase program on December 5, 2023, pursuant to which the Company is authorized to repurchase up to 25.0 million of common stock through December 31, 2024. Stock repurchases under this programs may be made from time to time on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or in any manner that complies with applicable securities laws, at the discretion of the Company. The timing of purchases and the number of shares repurchased under the programs are dependent upon a variety of factors including price, trading volume, corporate and regulatory requirements and market condition. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time without notice. As of September 30, 2024, 228,266 shares of the Company s common stock have been repurchased under the program for an aggregate purchase price of 5.5 million. 
 
 ITEM 5 OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 31.1 Chief Executive Officer s Certification required by Rule 13(a)-14(a) filed herewith. 
 31.2 Chief Financial Officer s Certification required by Rule 13(a)-14(a) filed herewith. 
 32.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith. 
 32.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith. 
 101 Financial information from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements filed herewith. 
 104 The cover page from Midland States Bancorp, Inc. s Form 10-Q Report for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 formatted in inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 

63 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Midland States Bancorp, Inc. Date: November 6, 2024 
 By: /s/ Jeffrey G. Ludwig Jeffrey G. Ludwig President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 6, 2024 
 By: /s/ Eric T. Lemke Eric T. Lemke Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

64 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 msbi-20240930exx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 I, Jeffrey G. Ludwig, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Report of Midland States Bancorp, Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Midland States Bancorp, Inc. Dated as of November 6, 2024 
 By s Jeffrey G. Ludwig Jeffrey G. Ludwig President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 msbi-20240930exx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 I, Eric T. Lemke, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Report of Midland States Bancorp, Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Midland States Bancorp, Inc. Dated as of November 6, 2024 
 By s Eric T. Lemke Eric T. Lemke Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 msbi-20240930exx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jeffrey G. Ludwig, President and Chief Executive Officer of Midland States Bancorp, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Midland States Bancorp, Inc. Dated as of November 6, 2024 
 By s Jeffrey G. Ludwig Jeffrey G. Ludwig President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 msbi-20240930exx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Eric T. Lemke, Chief Financial Officer of Midland States Bancorp, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Midland States Bancorp, Inc. Dated as of November 6, 2024 
 By s Eric T. Lemke Eric T. Lemke Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 msbi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 msbi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 msbi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 msbi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 msbi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

