<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1041657_0001041657-24-000020.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10025783</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>161704</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1669064</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3605210</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2380098</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2019016</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001041657-24-000020.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112172044
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001041657-24-000020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			URBAN ONE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001041657
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO BROADCASTING STATIONS [4832]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				521166660
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25969
		FILM NUMBER:		241449944

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1010 WAYNE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		14TH FL
		CITY:			SILVER SPRING
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20910
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3014293200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1010 WAYNE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		14TH FL
		CITY:			SILVER SPRING
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20910

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RADIO ONE, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RADIO ONE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970626

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001041657-24-000020.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 uone-20240930.htm
 10-Q

uone-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 , 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large, accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large, accelerated filer 
 o 
 
 x 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes o No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 
 Class Outstanding at November 6, 2024 
 Class A Common Stock, .001 Par Value 
 Class B Common Stock, .001 Par Value 
 Class C Common Stock, .001 Par Value 
 Class D Common Stock, .001 Par Value 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Page Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of Sep tember 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 11 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 12 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 61 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 61 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 63 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 63 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 64 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 64 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 64 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 65 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 65 
 SIGNATURE 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 Unless otherwise noted, throughout this report, the terms Urban One, the Company, we, our and us refer to Urban One, Inc. together with its subsidiaries. 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Our disclosure and analysis in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q concerning our operations, cash flows and financial position, contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements do not relay historical facts, but rather reflect our current expectations concerning future operations, results, and events. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements including any projections of earnings, revenues or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new activities, services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements often contain words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, believes, seeks, likely, may, estimates and variations of such words or similar expressions. You can also identify a forward-looking statement in that such statements discuss matters in a way that anticipates operations, results or events that have not already occurred but rather will or may occur in future periods. We cannot guarantee that we will achieve any forward-looking plans, intentions, results, operations, or expectations. Because these statements apply to future events, they are subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from those forecasted or anticipated in the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and factors include (in no particular order), but are not limited to: 
 recession, economic volatility, financial market unpredictability and fluctuations in the United States and other world economies that may affect our business and financial condition, and the business and financial conditions of our advertisers; 
 our degree of leverage, certain cash commitments related thereto, and potential inability to finance strategic transactions given fluctuations in market conditions; 
 fluctuations in the local economies of the markets in which we operate (particularly our largest markets, Atlanta; Baltimore; Charlotte; Dallas; Houston; Indianapolis; and Washington, DC) or fluctuations within individual business sectors experiencing a downturn even in the absence of a broader recession could negatively impact our ability to meet our cash needs; 
 increased costs due to inflation or any changes in music royalty fees; 
 risks associated with the implementation and execution of our business diversification strategy, including our strategic actions with respect to expansion into gaming; 
 risks associated with our investments or potential investment in gaming businesses; 
 regulation by the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") relative to maintaining our broadcasting licenses, enacting media ownership rules and enforcing of indecency rules; 
 changes in our key personnel and on-air talent; 
 increases in competition for and in the costs of our programming and content, including on-air talent and content production or acquisitions availability/costs; 
 financial losses that may be incurred due to impairment charges against our broadcasting licenses, goodwill, and other intangible assets; 
 increased competition for advertising revenues with other radio stations, broadcast and cable television, newspapers and magazines, outdoor advertising, direct mail, internet radio, satellite radio, smart phones, tablets, and other wireless media, the internet, social media, and other forms of advertising; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 the impact of our acquisitions, dispositions, and similar transactions, as well as consolidation in industries in which we and our advertisers operate; 
 developments and/or changes in laws and regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act or other similar federal or state regulations through legislative action and revised rules and standards; 
 disruptions to our technology network including computer systems and software, whether by human-caused or other disruptions of our operating systems, structures, or equipment, including as we further develop alternative work arrangements, as well as natural events such as pandemic, severe weather, fires, floods, and earthquakes; 
 material weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting which, if not remediated, could result in material misstatements in our condensed consolidated financial statements; 
 failure to meet the continued listing standards of NASDAQ Stock Market NASDAQ ), which could cause our common stock to be delisted, and which could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and market price of our common stock and expose the Company to litigation; and 
 other factors mentioned in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC including the factors discussed in detail in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 Form 10-K filed on June 7, 2024. 
 You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our views based only on information currently available to us as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements because of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

URBAN ONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 NET REVENUES OPERATING EXPENSES: Programming and technical, including stock-based compensation of , , , and , respectively 
 Selling, general and administrative, including stock-based compensation of , , , and , respectively 
 Corporate selling, general and administrative, including stock-based compensation of , , , and , respectively 
 Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) INTEREST INCOME INTEREST EXPENSE GAIN ON RETIREMENT OF DEBT OTHER INCOME, NET (Loss) income from consolidated operations before income taxes ) ) ) (BENEFIT FROM) PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES ) ) ) NET (LOSS) INCOME CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS ) ) ) LOSS FROM UNCONSOLIDATED JOINT VENTURE ) ) ) NET (LOSS) INCOME ) ) ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS NET (LOSS) INCOME TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS ) ) ) NET (LOSS) INCOME TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS (per share) Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 URBAN ONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 NET (LOSS) INCOME ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for realized gain on available-for-sale securities included in net income ) Income tax provision related to reclassification for realized gain OTHER COMPREHENSIVE , NET OF TAX ) COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ) ) ) ) LESS: COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 URBAN ONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share data) As of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for expected credit losses of and , respectively 
 Prepaid expenses Current portion of content assets Other current assets Total current assets CONTENT ASSETS, NET PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET GOODWILL RIGHT OF USE ASSETS, NET RADIO BROADCASTING LICENSES OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET OTHER ASSETS Total assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Accrued interest Accrued compensation and related benefits Current portion of content payables Current portion of lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities LONG-TERM DEBT, net of original issue discount and issuance costs CONTENT PAYABLES, net of current portion LONG-TERM LEASE LIABILITIES OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES, NET Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 18) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Convertible preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock Class A, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock Class B, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock Class C, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock Class D, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interests, and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 URBAN ONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Class C Common Stock Class D Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity BALANCE, as of December 31, 2023 ) Net income attributable to Urban One Stock-based compensation expense Repurchase of shares of Class D common stock 
 ) ) Vesting of stock-based payment awards upon grant Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interests to estimated redemption value ) ) BALANCE, as of March 31, 2024 ) Net loss attributable to Urban One ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Repurchase of shares of Class A common stock 
 ) ) ) Repurchase of shares of Class D common stock 
 ) ) Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interests to estimated redemption value ) ) BALANCE, as of June 30, 2024 ) 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Net loss attributable to Urban One ) ) Stock-based compensation expense ) Repurchase of shares of Class A common stock 
 ) ) Repurchase of shares of Class D common stock 
 ) ) Vesting of stock-based payment awards upon grant Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interests to estimated redemption value ) ) BALANCE, as of September 30, 2024 ) 

8 

Table of Contents 

 URBAN ONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Class C Common Stock Class D Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity BALANCE, as of December 31, 2022 ) Cumulative effect of accounting change BALANCE, as of January 1, 2023 ) Net loss attributable to Urban One ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Repurchase of shares of Class D common stock 
 ) ) Vesting of stock-based payment awards upon grant Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interests to estimated redemption value ) ) BALANCE, as of March 31, 2023 ) Net income attributable to Urban One Stock-based compensation expense Repurchase of shares of Class D common stock 
 ) ) Sale of MGM investment ) ) Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interests to estimated redemption value 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 BALANCE, as of June 30, 2023 ) Net loss attributable to Urban One ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Repurchase of shares of Class D common stock 
 ) ) Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interests to estimated redemption value BALANCE, as of September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 URBAN ONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt financing costs Amortization of launch assets Amortization of content assets Deferred income taxes ) Amortization of right of use assets Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets Stock-based compensation expense Gain on retirement of debt ) ) Realized gain on available for sale debt securities ) Non-cash fair value adjustment of Employment Agreement Award ) ) Other ) Effect of change in operating assets and liabilities, net of assets acquired: Trade accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other assets ) Content assets and payables ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued interest ) ) Accrued compensation and related benefits ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Launch support ) Net cash flows provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Restricted cash derecognized in deconsolidation of joint venture ) Proceeds from sale of joint venture interest Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale debt securities Proceeds from sale of equity securities Cash receipts related to disposition of station Investment in unconsolidated joint venture ) ) Acquisition of broadcasting assets ) Net cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of ownership interest in Reach Media ) Repurchase of long-term debt ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Release of secured letters of credit deposit Payment of dividends to non-controlling interest members of Reach Media ) ) Net cash flows used in financing activities ) ) NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, beginning of period CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for: Interest Income taxes, net of refunds NON-CASH OPERATING, FINANCING, AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Operating right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Non-cash content asset additions Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interests to estimated redemption value ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 URBAN ONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 independently formatted, revenue producing broadcast stations (including FM or AM stations, HD stations, and the low power television stations we operate), located in of the most populous African-American markets in the United States. While a core source of our revenue has historically been and remains the sale of local and national advertising for broadcast on our radio stations, our strategy is to operate the premier multi-media entertainment and information content platform targeting African-American and urban consumers. Thus, we have diversified our revenue streams by making acquisitions and investments in other complementary media properties. Our diverse media and entertainment interests include TV One, LLC TV One ), which operates two cable television networks targeting African-American and urban viewers, TV One and CLEO TV; our ownership interest in Reach Media, Inc. Reach Media which operates the Rickey Smiley Morning Show and our other syndicated programming assets, including the Get Up! Mornings with Erica Campbell Show and the DL Hughley Show; and Interactive One, LLC Interactive One ), our wholly owned digital platform serving the African-American community through social content, news, information, and entertainment websites, including its iONE Digital, Cassius and Bossip, HipHopWired and MadameNoire digital platforms and brands. Through our national multi-media operations, we provide advertisers with a unique and powerful delivery mechanism to communicate with African-American and urban audiences. 
 Our core Radio Broadcasting franchise operates under the brand Radio One. We also operate other brands, such as TV One, CLEO TV, Reach Media, iONE Digital, and One Solution, while developing additional branding reflective of our diverse media operations and our targeting of African-American and urban audiences. 
 As part of our condensed consolidated financial statements, consistent with our financial reporting structure and how the Company currently manages its businesses, we have provided selected financial information on the Company s reportable segments: (i) Radio Broadcasting; (ii) Reach Media; (iii) digital; and (iv) cable television. See Note 17 Segment Information of our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 of the controlled entity. 
 The Company is required to include the financial statements of variable interest entities VIE in its condensed consolidated financial statements. Under the VIE model, the Company consolidates an investment if it has control to direct the activities of the entity and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
 Supplemental Financial Information 
 Unearned event income Reserve for audience deficiency Professional fee accrual Operating expense accruals Accrued stock compensation Employment agreement award (as defined in Note 7) 
 Launch liability Deferred barter revenue Other Total other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Employment agreement award (as defined in Note 7) 
 Launch liability Other Total long-term liabilities 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Charged to Expense, net ) Less: Deductions ) Balance at End of Period 
 
 ) Political Advertising Digital Advertising Cable Television Advertising Cable Television Affiliate Fees Event Revenues Other Net Revenues ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Radio Advertising ) Political Advertising Digital Advertising Cable Television Advertising Cable Television Affiliate Fees Event Revenues Other 1 Net Revenues ) 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 ) Political Advertising Digital Advertising Cable Television Advertising Cable Television Affiliate Fees Event Revenues Other Net Revenues ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Radio Advertising ) Political Advertising Digital Advertising Cable Television Advertising Cable Television Affiliate Fees Event Revenues Other Net Revenues ) 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities 
 Contract liabilities: Customer advances and unearned income Reserve for audience deficiency Unearned event income 
 Unbilled receivables consist of earned revenue that has not yet been billed. Contract assets are included in trade accounts receivable, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Customer advances and unearned income represent advance payments by customers for future services under contract that are generally incurred in the near term. For advertising sold based on audience guarantees, audience deficiency typically results in an obligation to deliver additional advertising units to the customer, generally within one year of the campaign end date. To the extent that audience guarantees are not met, a reserve for audience deficiency is recorded until such a time that the audience guarantee has been satisfied. Unearned event income represents payments by customers for upcoming events. Contract liabilities are included in other current liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 For customer advances and unearned income as of January 1, 2024, approximately million was recognized as revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the reserve for audience deficiency as of January 1, 2024, approximately million was recognized as revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For unearned event income as of January 1, 2024, approximately million was recognized as revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and approximately million and million for of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less, or (ii) contracts for which variable consideration is a sales-based or usage-based royalty promised in exchange for a license of intellectual property. 

Remaining weighted-average amortization period 
 
 Launch assets are included in other intangible assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, except for the portion of the unamortized balance that is expected to be amortized within one year which is included in other current assets. Amortization is recorded as a reduction in revenue. 
 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and approximately million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average outstanding shares Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options and restricted stock Weighted-average outstanding shares EPS attributable to Class A, Class B, Class C and Class D stockholders per share basic ) ) ) EPS attributable to Class A, Class B, Class C and Class D stockholders per share diluted ) ) ) 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were approximately million and million potentially dilutive securities, respectively, that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS, because to do so would have been antidilutive for the periods presented. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, there were million potentially antidilutive securities excluded from the computation of diluted EPS. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Mezzanine equity subject to fair value measurement: Redeemable non-controlling interests (b) 
 Assets subject to fair value measurement: Cash equivalents - money market funds (c) 
 As of December 31, 2023 Liabilities subject to fair value measurement: Employment Agreement Award (a) 
 Mezzanine equity subject to fair value measurement: Redeemable non-controlling interests (b) 
 Assets subject to fair value measurement: Cash equivalents-money market funds (c) 
 (a) Pursuant to an employment agreement, the Chief Executive Officer CEO is eligible to receive an award (the Employment Agreement Award amount equal to approximately of any proceeds from distributions or other liquidity events in excess of the return of the Company s aggregate investment in TV One. The Company reviews the factors underlying this award at the end of each reporting period including the valuation of TV One (based on the estimated enterprise fair value of TV One as determined by the income approach using a discounted cash flow analysis and the market approach using comparable public company multiples). Significant inputs to the discounted cash flow analysis include revenue growth rates, future operating profit, and discount rate. Significant inputs to the market approach include publicly held peer companies and recurring EBITDA multiples. On April 3, 2024, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Alfred C. Liggins, III, President and Chief Executive Officer, consistent with the terms approved by the Company s Compensation Committee. The terms of the new employment agreements are effective as of January 1, 2022. 
 (b) The fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow methodology. Significant inputs to the discounted cash flow analysis include revenue growth rates, future operating profit margins, discount rate and terminal growth rate. 
 (c) The Company measures and reports its cash equivalents that are invested in money market funds and valued based on quoted market prices which approximate cost due to their short-term maturities . 
 There were transfers within Level 1, 2, or 3 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Distributions ) Purchase of ownership interest in Reach Media ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests ) Change in fair value (a) 
 ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Distributions ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests ) Change in fair value (a) 
 ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 (a) Amount of total income/(losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized (gains) losses relating to liabilities still held at the reporting date. 
 Changes in the fair value of the Employment Agreement Award were recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations as corporate selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The long-term portion is recorded in other long-term liabilities and the current portion is recorded in other current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Employment Agreement Award Discounted cash flow Operating profit margin range - 
 - 
 Employment Agreement Award Discounted cash flow Revenue growth rate range ) - ) 
 ) - 
 Employment Agreement Award Market approach Average recurring EBITDA multiple x - x 
 Redeemable non-controlling interests Discounted cash flow Discount rate Redeemable non-controlling interests Discounted cash flow Operating profit margin range - 
 - 
 Redeemable non-controlling interests Discounted cash flow Revenue growth rate range ) - 
 - 
 Redeemable non-controlling interests Discounted cash flow Exit multiple N/A x 
 (a) Any significant increases or decreases in unobservable inputs could result in significantly higher or lower fair value measurements. Changes in fair value measurements, if significant, may affect the Company s performance of cash flows. 
 
 Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis using Level 3 inputs as defined in ASC 820. These assets are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances. Included in this category are goodwill, radio broadcasting licenses and other intangible assets, net, which are written down to fair value when they are determined to be impaired, as well as content assets that are periodically written down to net realizable value. See Note 13 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets of the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due February 2028 and bearing interest at a rate of (the 2028 Notes ). The 2028 Notes had a carrying value of approximately million and fair value of approximately million as of September 30, 2024, and had a carrying value of approximately million and fair value of approximately million as of December 31, 2023. The fair values of the 2028 Notes, classified as a Level 2 instrument, were determined based on the trading values of this instrument in an inactive market as of the reporting date. There were borrowings outstanding on the Company s asset-backed credit facility as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. 
 
 million as of December 31, 2023. The Company made a final million contribution in February 2024. As of February 15, 2024, Urban One, Inc. terminated the / joint venture with CDI that sought to develop a casino resort in the City of Richmond. 
 
 In-production Licensed content assets acquired: Acquired Content assets, at cost Years 
 Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Content assets, net Less: current portion ) ) Noncurrent portion 
 Amortization of content assets is recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations as programming and technical expenses. 
 Content amortization - produced Total content amortization 

21 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The Fantastic Voyage was operated in May 2024 and May 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the revenues, expenses, and operating income were approximately million, million, and million, respectively, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, for which they were approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Reach Media provides office facilities (including office space, telecommunications facilities, and office equipment) to the Foundation. Such services are provided to the Foundation on a pass-through basis at cost. Additionally, from time to time, the Foundation reimburses Reach Media for expenditures paid on its behalf at Reach Media-related events. Under these arrangements, the Foundation owed immaterial amounts to Reach Media as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Effective August 12, 2024, Reach Media and the Foundation entered into a new agreement regarding the Fantastic Voyage (the FV Revised Agreement ). Cruises beginning with Fantastic Voyage 2025 will operate under the FV Revised Agreement. The Fantastic Voyage 2024 cruise continues to be accounted for under the existing agreement. 
 
 The FV Revised Agreement provides that Reach Media shall have the right, but not the obligation, to renew the agreement for another year, provided that it notifies the Foundation within ninety ) days of the conclusion of the prior cruise. 
 million. On February 8, 2024, the sale of BMI to a shareholder group led by New Mountain Capital, LLC, was completed. Based on the Company's equity interest in BMI, the sale resulted in cash proceeds of approximately million. Due to the sale of BMI, Alfred Liggins is no longer a member of the BMI Board of Directors. The Company incurred expenses of approximately million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company incurred expenses of approximately million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

22 

Table of Contents 

million. The acquisition was completed on August 1, 2023. 
 As part of the Federal Communication Commission FCC approval of and the closing conditions of the CMG Acquisition, the Company was required to divest KTHT-FM. On June 7, 2023, the Company entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement with Educational Media Foundation EMF to sell KTHT-FM, and all its assets, for approximately million the KTHT Divestiture ). Immediately prior to the closing of the CMG Acquisition on August 1, 2023, the KTHT-FM assets were transferred directly into an irrevocable trust until sale to EMF was finalized. On November 1, 2023, after the approval by the FCC, the KTHT Divestiture was completed. 
 The Company accounted for the CMG Acquisition as an acquisition of assets and, as such, allocated the purchase price, including transaction costs directly related to the asset acquisition, to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values with no goodwill recognized. The Company s allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired in the CMG Acquisition, exclusive of those amounts allocated to KTHT-FM, consisted of approximately million to radio broadcasting licenses, million to towers and antennas, million to transmitters, million to studios, and million to fixed assets. 
 In anticipation of the FCC divestiture requirement and the CMG Acquisition, the Company agreed to sell its KROI-FM radio broadcasting license along with the associated station assets from the Radio Broadcasting segment to an unrelated third party for approximately million. At the time of closing of the CMG Acquisition, the identified assets and liabilities of KROI-FM have a combined carrying value of approximately million and million, respectively. The major category of the assets included radio broadcasting licenses in the amount of approximately million (net of impairment of approximately million included in impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets, on the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023). On August 1, 2023, immediately prior to the closing of the CMG Acquisition, the identified assets and liabilities were transferred to the irrevocable trust and removed from the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet as part of customary closing terms. The identified assets and liabilities will remain in the trust until the transaction is complete, which is anticipated to occur on or about December 23, 2024. 
 As the identified assets and liabilities of KROI-FM were held in an irrevocable trust and the divestiture had not been completed as of September 30, 2024, the Company has recorded a right to receive payment from KROI-FM s acquirer as a receivable of approximately million and million within other current assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

23 

Table of Contents 

radio markets. The key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow analysis for broadcasting licenses include market revenue and projected revenue growth by market, mature market share, operating profit margin, terminal growth rate, and discount rate. 
 
 Based on this analysis, the Company recognized an impairment loss of approximately million associated with radio markets within the Radio Broadcasting segment , included in impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets, on the condensed consolidated statement of operations during the three m onths ended September 30, 2024. During the nine m onths ended September 30, 2024 the Company recognized an impairment loss of approximately million within the Radio Broadcasting segment , included in impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets, on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Additions (a) 
 Impairment charges ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 (a) M easurement period adjustment related to the CMG Acquisition as defined in Note 12. 
 
 radio markets in the most recent interim impairment assessment performed as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Growth Rate Range ) - 
 Terminal Growth Rate ) Mature Market Share Range - 
 Operating Profit Margin Range - 
 
 TV One Trade Name 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company noted a continued decline in revenues and operating profit margin in the Cable Television segment, indicating that it was more likely than not that its TV One trade name was impaired. Therefore, the Company performed a quantitative impairment assessment for the trade name for all TV One to determine whether it was impaired. 
 
 To determine the fair value of the trade name, the Company utilized the relief from royalty approach which values a trade name by calculating the present value of royalty payments avoided given the continued use. The key assumptions used in the analysis for the trade name include cumulative probability of continued use, percentage of royalty payments avoided, projected revenue growth, terminal growth rate, and discount rate. 
 
 Based on this analysis, the Company recognized an impairment loss of approximately million associated with TV One trade name within the Cable Television segment, included in impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets, on the condensed consolidated statement of operations during the three and nine m onths ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Accumulated impairment losses Net trade name at December 31, 2023 Additions Impairments ) As of September 30, 2024 
 Gross trade name Accumulated impairment losses ) Net trade name at September 30, 2024 (a) 
 
 (a) TV One Trade Name is included within Other Intangible Assets, net. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Growth Rate Range ) - ) 
 Terminal Growth Rate ) Royalty Payments Avoided Cumulative Probability of Continued Use 

Total debt Less: original issue discount and issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 2028 Notes 
 In January 2021, the Company issued the 2028 Notes at an issue price of in a private offering exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The 2028 Notes are general senior secured obligations of the Company and are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by certain of the Company s direct and indirect restricted subsidiaries. The 2028 Notes mature on February 1, 2028 and interest on the 2028 Notes accrues and is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year at a rate of per annum. 
 The 2028 Notes and the guarantees are secured, subject to permitted liens and except for certain excluded assets (i) on a first priority basis by substantially all of the Company s and the Guarantors current and future property and assets (other than accounts receivable, cash, deposit accounts, other bank accounts, securities accounts, inventory and related assets that secure the Company s asset-backed revolving credit facility on a first priority basis (the ABL Priority Collateral )), including the capital stock of each guarantor (collectively, the Notes Priority Collateral and (ii) on a second priority basis by the ABL Priority Collateral. The 2028 Notes require the Company to file quarterly and annual reports with the SEC within a specified time period after the Company s fiscal quarter end and year end. However, failure to comply does not constitute an event of default unless the Company does not comply within 120 days after receiving written notice from the Trustee. The Company has not received any such notice. 
 The deferred financing costs included in interest expense for all instruments, for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, were approximately million and million, respectively, and approximately million and million, r espectively. The Company s effective interest rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively . 
 From time to time, the Company may repurchase its debt securities in open market purchases. Under open authorizations, repurchases of the outstanding debt may be made from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Repurchased debt is retired when repurchased. The timing and extent of any repurchases will depend upon prevailing market conditions, the trading price of the Company s outstanding debt and other factors, and subject to restrictions under applicable law. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 million of the currently outstanding 2028 Notes. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company repurchased million of its 2028 Notes at an average price of approximately of par exhausting this authorization. The Company recorded a net gain on retirement of debt of approximately million during the three months ended March 31, 2023. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Board of Directors authorized and approved a note repurchase program for up to million of the currently outstanding 2028 Notes. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company repurchased million of its 2028 Notes at an average price of approximately of par exhausting this authorization. The Company recorded a net gain on retirement of debt of approximately million during the three months ended March 31, 2024. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, the Board of Directors authorized and approved a note repurchase program for up to million of the currently outstanding 2028 Notes (the "June 2024 Authorization"). During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company repurchased approximately million of its 2028 Notes at an average price of approximately of par, resulting in a net gain on retirement of debt of approximately million and leaving million unused under the June 2024 Authorization. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, under the June 2024 Authorization, the Company repurchased approximately million of its 2028 Notes at an average price of approximately of par, resulting in a net gain on retirement of debt of approximately million and leaving million under the June 2024 Authorization. During the three months September 30, 2023, the Company did not repurchase any of its 2028 Notes. 
 The Company conducts a portion of its business through its subsidiaries. Certain of the Company s subsidiaries have fully and unconditionally guaranteed the Company s 2028 Notes. 
 Asset-Backed Credit Facilities 
 On February 19, 2021, the Company closed on its asset backed credit facility (the Current ABL Facility ). The Current ABL Facility is governed by a credit agreement by and among the Company, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. The Current ABL Facility provides for up to million revolving loan borrowings in order to provide for the working capital needs and general corporate requirements of the Company. The Current ABL Facility also provides for a letter of credit facility up to million as a part of the overall million in capacity. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was balance outstanding on the Current ABL Facility. 
 At the Company s election, the interest rate on borrowings under the Current ABL Facility is based on either (i) the then applicable margin relative to Base Rate Loans (as defined in the Current ABL Facility) or (ii) until execution of the Waiver and Amendment (as defined below) took effect, the then applicable margin relative to LIBOR Loans (as defined in the Current ABL Facility) corresponding to the average availability of the Company for the most recently completed fiscal quarter. 
 Advances under the Current ABL Facility are limited to (a) eighty-five percent of the amount of Eligible Accounts (as defined in the Current ABL Facility), less the amount, if any, of the Dilution Reserve (as defined in the Current ABL Facility), minus (b) the sum of (i) the Bank Product Reserve (as defined in the Current ABL Facility), plus (ii) the AP and Deferred Revenue Reserve (as defined in the Current ABL Facility), plus (iii) without duplication, the aggregate amount of all other reserves, if any, established by Administrative Agent. 
 All obligations under the Current ABL Facility are secured by a first priority lien on all (i) deposit accounts (related to accounts receivable), (ii) accounts receivable, and (iii) all other property which constitutes ABL Priority Collateral (as defined in the Current ABL Facility). The obligations are also guaranteed by all material restricted subsidiaries of the Company. The Current ABL Facility includes a covenant requiring the Company s fixed charge coverage ratio, as defined in the agreement, to not be less than 1.00 to 1.00. The Company is in compliance as of September 30, 2024. 
 On April 30, 2023, the Company entered into a waiver and amendment (the Waiver and Amendment to the Current ABL Facility. The Waiver and Amendment waived certain events of default under the Current ABL Facility related to the Company s failure to timely deliver certain annual financial deliverables for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2022 as required under the Current ABL Facility (the Specified Defaults ). 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 from the effective date of the Current ABL Facility, and (b) days prior to the maturity of the Company s 2028 Notes. 
 The Current ABL Facility is subject to the terms of the Revolver Intercreditor Agreement (as defined in the Current ABL Facility) by and among the Administrative Agent and Wilmington Trust, National Association. 
 Letter of Credit Facility 
 As of March 31, 2024, the Company closed its letter of credit reimbursement and security agreement with capacity of up to million and received a million deposit held with the counterparty in connection with the agreement. In addition, the Current ABL Facility provides for letter of credit capacity of up to million subject to certain limitations on availability. 
 Future Minimum Principal Payments 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total debt 

28 

Table of Contents 

 million on pre-tax loss from consolidated operations of approximately million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This results in an effective tax rate of approximately , which includes approximately million of discrete tax expense primarily related to return to provision adjustments, changes in valuation allowance for certain of the Company's state net operating losses and portion of our interest expense asset, and stock-based compensation for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 In accordance with ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes , the Company continues to evaluate the realizability of its net deferred tax assets DTAs by assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company s financial statements or tax returns, tax planning strategies, and future profitability. As of September 30, 2024, the Company believes it is more likely than not that these DTAs will be realized, except for certain of the Company s state net operating losses and portion of our interest expense asset. 

million of the Company's outstanding Class A and/or Class D common stock (collectively, the 2024 Stock Repurchase Program ). The 2024 Stock Repurchase Program will remain in effect for up to 24 months or until the authorization is exhausted. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of Class A Common Stock in the amount of approximately million at an average price of per share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of Class D Common Stock in the amount of approximately million at an average price of . After giving effect to the above transaction, the 2024 Stock Repurchase program has approximately million remaining shares under the authorization. See Note 19 - Subsequent Events of our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional purchases subsequent to September 30, 2024. 
 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Grant Plan 
 The 2019 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan is an equity performance incentive plan for stock options and restricted stock. Both Class A and Class D common stock are available for grant. The Company settles stock options, net of tax, upon exercise by issuing stock. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class D common stock were added to the 2019 Plan. The total number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2019 Incentive Plan, giving effect to its original authorization of Class D Shares, the first amendment and restatement in 2021 with its Class A Shares and Class D Shares and the 2024 Second Incentive Plan Amendment and Restatement is (i) shares of the Company's Class A common stock and (ii) shares of the Company's Class D common stock. Immediately after given effect to the 2024 Second Incentive Plan Amendment and Restatement shares of the Company's Class A common stock are ungranted and in reserve and (ii) shares of the Company's Class D common stock are ungranted and in reserve. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Company s stock plan and subject to the Company s insider trading policy, a portion of each recipient s vested shares may be sold in the open market or repurchased by the Company for tax purposes on or about the vesting dates. 
 Grants Exercised Forfeited ) Cancelled/expired/settled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 Unvested at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 (a) The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the difference between the Company s stock closing price on the last day of trading during the period, and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares that would have been received by the holders of in-the-money options had all the option holders exercised their options on that day. This amount changes based on the fair market value of the Company s stock. 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to Class D stock options is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of months. The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was . 
 The Company did grant any options to purchase shares of Class A common stock during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Grants Vested ) Forfeited/cancelled/expired ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 grant any restricted shares of Class A stock during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were restricted shares of Class A common stock that vested or were cancelled during the period. There were unvested shares of restricted Class A common stock as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to awards of restricted Class D common stock is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of months and approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to awards of restricted Class A common stock is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of months. 

reportable segments: (i) Radio Broadcasting; (ii) Reach Media; (iii) digital; and (iv) cable television. These segments operate in the United States and are consistently aligned with the Company s management of its businesses and its financial reporting structure. 
 The Radio Broadcasting segment consists of all broadcast results of operations. The Reach Media segment consists of the results of operations for the related activities and operations of the Company s syndicated shows. The digital segment includes the results of the Company s online business, including the operations of Interactive One, as well as the digital components of the Company s other reportable segments. The cable television segment includes the results of operations of TV One and CLEO TV. Business activities unrelated to these segments are included in an all other category which the Company refers to as All other - corporate/eliminations. 
 Operating income or loss represents total revenues less operating expenses, depreciation and amortization, and impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets. Intercompany revenue earned and expenses charged between segments are eliminated in consolidation. 
 The accounting policies described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements are applied consistently across the segments. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Reach Media Digital Cable Television All other - corporate/eliminations ) ) Consolidated Operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization and impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets): Radio Broadcasting Reach Media Digital Cable Television All other - corporate/eliminations Consolidated Depreciation and amortization: Radio Broadcasting Reach Media Digital Cable Television All other - corporate/eliminations Consolidated Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets: Radio Broadcasting Reach Media Digital Cable Television All other - corporate/eliminations Consolidated Operating (loss) income: Radio Broadcasting ) ) Reach Media Digital Cable Television All other - corporate/eliminations ) ) Consolidated ) ) Intercompany revenue included in net revenues above is as follows: Radio Broadcasting ) ) 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Reach Media Digital Cable Television All other - corporate/eliminations Consolidated 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Reach Media Digital Cable Television All other - corporate/eliminations ) ) Consolidated Operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization and impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets): Radio Broadcasting Reach Media Digital Cable Television All other - corporate/eliminations Consolidated Depreciation and amortization: Radio Broadcasting Reach Media Digital Cable Television All other - corporate/eliminations Consolidated Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets: Radio Broadcasting Reach Media Digital Cable Television All other - corporate/eliminations Consolidated Operating (loss) income: Radio Broadcasting ) ) Reach Media Digital Cable Television All other - corporate/eliminations ) ) Consolidated ) ) Intercompany revenue included in net revenues above is as follows: Radio Broadcasting ) ) 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Reach Media Digital Cable Television All other - corporate/eliminations Consolidated 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Total assets: Radio Broadcasting Reach Media Digital Cable Television All other - corporate/eliminations Consolidated 

prior to renewal. The Company s radio broadcasting licenses expire at various times beginning in October 2027 through August, 2030. Although the Company may apply to renew its radio broadcasting licenses, third parties may challenge the Company s renewal applications. The Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances that would prevent the Company from having its current licenses renewed. A station may continue to operate beyond the expiration date of its license if a timely filed license renewal application is filed and is pending, as is the case with respect to each of the Company s stations with licenses that have expired. 
 Royalty Agreements 
 Musical works rights holders, songwriters and music publishers, have been traditionally represented by performing rights organizations, such as the American Society of Composers Authors and Publishers ASCAP ), Broadcast Music, Inc. BMI and SESAC, Inc. SESAC ). The market for rights relating to musical works is changing rapidly. Songwriters and music publishers have withdrawn from the traditional performing rights organizations PRO ), particularly ASCAP and BMI, and new entities, such as Global Music Rights Inc. GMR ), have been formed to represent rights holders. These organizations negotiate fees with copyright users, collect royalties and distribute them to the rights holders. These licenses periodically come up for renewal and, as a result, certain of the Company s PRO licenses are currently the subject of renewal negotiations. The outcome of these renewal negotiations could impact, and potentially increase, the Company s music license fees. In addition, there is no guarantee that additional PROs will not emerge, which could impact, and in some circumstances increase, the Company s royalty rates and negotiation costs. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 period commencing on January 1, 2022 and concluding on December 31, 2026. On February 7, 2022, the RMLC and GMR reached a settlement and achieved certain conditions which effectuate a license to which the Company is a party for the period April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2026. The license includes an optional extended term that the Company may effectuate prior to the end of the initial term. The RMLC is engaged in rate determination proceedings with both BMI and SESAC. 
 Reach Media Redeemable Non-controlling Interests 
 Beginning on January 1, 2018, the non-controlling interest shareholders of Reach Media have had an annual right to require Reach Media to purchase all or a portion of their shares at the then current fair market value for such shares (the Put Right ). This annual right is exercisable for a period beginning January 1 of each year. The purchase price for such shares may be paid in cash and/or registered Class D common stock of Urban One, at the discretion of Urban One. The non-controlling interest shareholders of Reach Media exercised of their Put Right on January 26, 2024. On March 8, 2024, Reach Media closed on the Put Interest increasing the Company s interest in Reach Media to and decreasing the interest of the non-controlling interest shareholders from to . Reach Media paid the non-controlling interest shareholders approximately million for the interest. Management, at this time, cannot reasonably determine the period when and if the remainder of the Put Right will be exercised by the non-controlling interest shareholders. 
 Other Contingencies 
 The Company has been named as a defendant in several legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. It is management s opinion, after consultation with its legal counsel, that the outcome of these claims will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

million of the Company's outstanding Class A and/or Class D common stock (collectively, the 2024 Stock Repurchase Program ). The 2024 Stock Repurchase Program will remain in effect for up to months or until the authorization is exhausted. Since October 1, 2024, and through the date of this filing, the Company repurchased shares of Class D common stock in the amount of approximately million at an average price of per share and repurchased shares of Class A common stock in the amount of approximately million at an average price of per share. Giving effect to these repurchases and prior activity under the authorization, the Company has approximately million remaining under the 2024 Stock Authorization. 
 
 This ruling did not have a material impact on the Company's operations. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Introduction 
 Revenue 
 Within our core radio business, we primarily derive revenue from the sale of advertising time and program sponsorships to local and national advertisers on our radio stations. Advertising revenue is affected primarily by the advertising rates our radio stations are able to charge, as well as the overall demand for radio advertising time in a market. These rates are largely based upon a radio station s audience share in the demographic groups targeted by advertisers, the number of radio stations in the related market, and the supply of, and demand for, radio advertising time. Advertising rates are generally highest during morning and afternoon commuting hours. 
 Net revenues consist of gross revenues, net of local and national agency and outside sales representative commissions. Agency and outside sales representative commissions are calculated based on a stated percentage applied to gross billing. 
 The following table shows the percentage of consolidated net revenues generated by each reporting segment. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Radio broadcasting segment 36.0 34.1 35.5 32.0 Reach Media segment 9.3 9.5 11.3 11.8 Digital segment 18.5 17.3 15.1 15.2 Cable television segment 36.9 39.7 38.6 41.7 All other - corporate/eliminations (0.6) (0.6) (0.6) (0.7) 
 The following table shows the percentages generated from local and national advertising as a subset of net revenues from our core radio business. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Percentage of core radio business generated from local advertising 60.5 59.0 62.0 60.3 Percentage of core radio business generated from national advertising, including network advertising 36.5 37.0 32.9 35.3 
 National and local advertising also includes advertising revenue generated from our digital segment. The balance of net revenues from our Radio Broadcasting segment was generated from tower rental income, ticket sales and revenue related to our sponsored events, management fees and other revenue. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows the sources of our net revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (In thousands) Net revenues: Radio advertising 44,991 46,651 (1,660) (3.6) Political advertising 3,547 1,101 2,446 222.2 Digital advertising 19,434 20,269 (835) (4.1) Cable television advertising 21,868 25,218 (3,350) (13.3) Cable television affiliate fees 18,808 21,569 (2,761) (12.8) Event revenues other 1,745 3,017 (1,272) (42.2) Net revenues 110,393 117,825 (7,432) (6.3) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (In thousands) Net revenues: Radio advertising 131,753 134,549 (2,796) (2.1) Political advertising 6,935 1,933 5,002 258.8 Digital advertising 48,910 54,027 (5,117) (9.5) Cable television advertising 69,403 81,286 (11,883) (14.6) Cable television affiliate fees 58,910 67,589 (8,679) (12.8) Event revenues other 16,636 17,962 (1,326) (7.4) Net revenues 332,547 357,346 (24,799) (6.9) 
 In the broadcasting industry, radio stations and television stations often utilize trade or barter agreements to reduce cash expenses by exchanging advertising time for goods or services. To maximize cash revenue for our spot inventory, we closely manage the use of trade and barter agreements. 
 Within our digital segment, Interactive One generates the majority of the Company s digital revenue. Our digital revenue is principally derived from advertising services on non-radio station branded, but Company-owned websites. Advertising services include the sale of banner and sponsorship advertisements. As the Company runs its advertising campaigns, the customer simultaneously receives benefits as impressions are delivered, and revenue is recognized over time. The amount of revenue recognized each month is based on the number of impressions delivered multiplied by the effective per impression unit price and is equal to the net amount receivable from the customer. 
 Our cable television segment generates the Company s cable television revenue and derives its revenue principally from advertising and affiliate revenue. Advertising revenue is derived from the sale of television airtime to advertisers and is recognized when the advertisements are run. Our cable television segment also derives revenue from affiliate fees under the terms of various multi-year affiliation agreements generally based on a per subscriber royalty for the right to distribute the Company s programming under the terms of the distribution contracts. 
 Reach Media primarily derives its revenue from the sale of advertising in connection with its syndicated radio shows, including the Rickey Smiley Morning Show and the DL Hughley Show. Reach Media also operates www.BlackAmericaWeb.com, an African-American targeted news and entertainment website, in addition to providing various other event-related activities. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Expenses 
 Our significant expenses are: (i) employee salaries and commissions; (ii) programming expenses; (iii) marketing and promotional expenses; (iv) rental of premises for office facilities and studios; (v) rental of transmission tower space; (vi) music license royalty fees; and (vii) content amortization. We strive to control these expenses by centralizing certain functions such as finance, accounting, legal, human resources, and management information systems and, in certain markets, the programming management function. We also use our multiple stations, market presence and purchasing power to negotiate favorable rates with certain vendors and national representative selling agencies. In addition to salaries and commissions, major expenses for our internet business include membership traffic acquisition costs, software product design, post-application software development and maintenance, database and server support costs, the help desk function, data center expenses connected with internet service provider ISP hosting services and other internet content delivery expenses. Major expenses for our cable television business include content acquisition and amortization, sales, and marketing. 
 We generally incur marketing and promotional expenses to increase and maintain our audiences. However, because Nielsen reports ratings either monthly or quarterly, depending on the market, any changed ratings and the effect on advertising revenue tends to lag behind both the reporting of the ratings and the occurrence of advertising and promotional expenditures. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 URBAN ONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following table summarizes our historical condensed consolidated results of operations: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (In thousands) Statements of Operations: Net revenue 110,393 117,825 (7,432) (6.3) Operating expenses: Programming and technical, excluding stock-based compensation 33,911 33,903 8 Selling, general and administrative, excluding stock-based compensation 41,112 40,142 970 2.4 Corporate selling, general and administrative, excluding stock-based compensation 12,354 10,418 1,936 18.6 Stock-based compensation 1,152 2,218 (1,066) (48.1) Depreciation and amortization 1,238 1,808 (570) (31.5) Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets 46,823 85,448 (38,625) (45.2) Total operating expenses 136,590 173,937 (37,347) (21.5) Operating loss (26,197) (56,112) 29,915 (53.3) Interest income 1,088 2,256 (1,168) (51.8) Interest expense 11,649 13,983 (2,334) (16.7) Gain on retirement of debt 3,472 3,472 100.0 Other income, net 74 75 (1) (1.3) Loss from operations before benefit from income taxes (33,212) (67,764) 34,552 (51.0) Benefit from income taxes (1,814) (16,778) 14,964 (89.2) Net loss from consolidated operations (31,398) (50,986) 19,588 (38.4) Loss from unconsolidated joint venture (2,728) 2,728 100.0 Net loss (31,398) (53,714) 22,316 (41.5) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 400 697 (297) (42.6) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (31,798) (54,411) 22,613 (41.6) 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Net revenues 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 110,393 117,825 (7,432) (6.3) 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized approximately 110.4 million in net revenues compared to approximately 117.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. These amounts are net of agency and outside sales representative commissions. We recognized approximately 39.7 million of revenue from our Radio Broadcasting segment during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 40.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 0.5 million. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in national advertising offset by the Houston station acquisition, which was completed in August 2023. We recognized approximately 10.2 million of rev enue from our Reach Media segment during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 11.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 1.0 million . The decrease was primarily driven by the decrease in overall demand and attrition of advertisers. We recognized approximately 20.4 million of revenue from our digital segment during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 20.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 0.0 million . The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in national digital sales and lower demand from the Company s advertisers. We recognized approximately 40.7 million of revenue from our cable television segment during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 46.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 6.1 million. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in audience viewership affecting advertising sales and the consistent churn in subscribers. 
 Operating expenses 
 Programming and technical, excluding stock-based compensation 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 33,911 33,903 8 
 Programming and technical expenses include expenses associated with on-air talent and the management and maintenance of the systems, tower facilities, and studios used in the creation, distribution, and broadcast of programming content on our radio stations. Programming and technical expenses for the Radio Broadcasting segment also include expenses associated with our programming research activities and music royalties. For our digital segment, programming and technical expenses include software product design, post-application software development and maintenance, database and server support costs, the help desk function, data center expenses connected with ISP hosting services and other internet content delivery expenses. For our cable television segment, programming and technical expenses include expenses associated with technical, programming, production, and content management. Programming and technical expenses were approximately 33.9 million each for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Expenses were flat for all segments. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general and administrative, excluding stock-based compensation 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 41,112 40,142 970 2.4 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses include expenses associated with our sales departments, offices, facilities, and personnel (outside of our corporate headquarters), marketing and promotional expenses, special events and sponsorships and back-office expenses. Expenses to secure ratings data for our radio stations and visitors data for our websites are also included in selling, general and administrative expenses. In addition, selling, general and administrative expenses for the Radio Broadcasting segment and digital segment include expenses related to the advertising traffic (scheduling and insertion) functions. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include membership traffic acquisition costs for our online business. Selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately 41.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 40.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of approximately 1.0 million. Expenses in our Radio Broadcasting segment increased approximately 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, due primarily to higher payroll, research, travel and entertainment costs and insurance costs as a result of the Houston station acquisition, which was completed in August 2023. Expenses in our Reach Media segment decreased approximately 1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, due primarily to lower payroll expenses and lower affiliate station costs. Expe nses in our digital segment in creased approximately 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, due primarily to an increase in traffic acquisition costs. E xpenses in our cable television segment in creased ap proximate ly 0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, due primarily to an increase in sales commissions and research expenses. 
 Corporate selling, general and administrative, excluding stock-based compensation 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 12,354 10,418 1,936 18.6 
 Corporate expenses consist of expenses associated with our corporate headquarters and facilities, including personnel as well as other corporate overhead functions. Corporate selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately 12.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 10.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of approximately 1.9 million . The increase was primarily due to by higher third-party consulting, remediation costs and audit expenses, offset by a non-cash benefit related to the change in fair value of the Employment Agreement Award liability (as defined in Note 7 - Fair Value Measurements ). 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 1,152 2,218 (1,066) (48.1) 
 Stock-based compensation expense was approximately 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 1.1 million. The decrease in stock-based compensation was primarily due to the decrease in grant date fair value of awards. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and amortization 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 1,238 1,808 (570) (31.5) 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was approximately 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 1.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 0.6 million due to the write off of aged property and equipment, net during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 46,823 85,448 (38,625) (45.2) 
 Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets was approximately 46.8 million d uring the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 85.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. See Note 13 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 Interest income 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 1,088 2,256 (1,168) (51.8) 
 Interest income was approximately 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 2.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was driven by lower cash and cash equivalents balances during the three months ended September 30, 2024 , than in the corresponding period in 2023. 
 Interest expense 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 11,649 13,983 (2,334) (16.7) 
 Interest expense was approximately 11.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 14.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 , a decrease of approximately 2.3 million . The decrease was due to lower overall debt balances outstanding. See Note 14- Long-term Debt of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 Gain on retirement of debt 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 3,472 3,472 100.0 
 There was approximately a 3.5 million gain on retirement of debt for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 the Company repurchased approximately 14.5 million of its 2028 Notes (the "June 2024 Authorization") at an average price of approximately 75.0 of par, resulting in a net gain on retirement of debt of approximately 3.5 million. During the three months September 30, 2023, the Company did not repurchase any of its 2028 Notes. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Other income, net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 74 75 (1) (1.3) 
 Other income , net was approximately 0.1 million for each the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Benefit from income taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (1,814) (16,778) 14,964 (89.2) 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a benefit from income taxes of approximately 1.8 million resulting in an effective tax rate of 5.5 . This rate includes discrete tax expense of approximately 2.9 million primarily related to return to provision adjustments, changes in valuation allowance for certain of our state net operating losses, and stock-based compensation. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a benefit from income taxes of approximately 16.8 million resulting in an effective tax rate of 23.8 . This rate includes approximately 0.3 million of discrete tax benefits primarily related to deferred rate changes. 
 
 Loss from unconsolidated joint venture 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (2,728) 2,728 100.0 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023 , we recognized approximately 2.7 million loss from unconsolidated joint venture related to the Company s investment on RVAEH. 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 334 697 (363) (52.1) 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests was approximately 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net income attributable to non-controlling interests was due primarily to an increase in ownership interest in Reach Media during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes our historical condensed consolidated results of operations: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (In thousands) Statements of Operations: Net revenue 332,547 357,346 (24,799) (6.9) Operating expenses: Programming and technical, excluding stock-based compensation 99,826 100,304 (478) (0.5) Selling, general and administrative, excluding stock-based compensation 131,141 126,634 4,507 3.6 Corporate selling, general and administrative, excluding stock-based compensation 38,033 30,333 7,700 25.4 Stock-based compensation 3,615 7,816 (4,201) (53.7) Depreciation and amortization 6,081 6,291 (210) (3.3) Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets 127,581 124,304 3,277 2.6 Total operating expenses 406,277 395,682 10,595 2.7 Operating loss (73,730) (38,336) (35,394) 92.3 Interest income 4,863 4,488 375 8.4 Interest expense 37,051 42,023 (4,972) (11.8) Gain on retirement of debt 18,771 2,356 16,415 696.7 Other income, net 974 96,535 (95,561) (99.0) (Loss) income from operations before (benefit from) provision for income taxes (86,173) 23,020 (109,193) (474.3) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes (17,824) 5,259 (23,083) (438.9) Net (loss) income from consolidated operations (68,349) 17,761 (86,110) (484.8) Loss from unconsolidated joint venture (411) (2,728) 2,317 100.0 Net (loss) income (68,760) 15,033 (83,793) (557.4) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 976 2,000 (1,024) (51.2) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders (69,736) 13,033 (82,769) (635.1) 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Net r evenue s 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 332,547 357,346 (24,799) (6.9) 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized approximately 332.5 million in net revenues compared to approximately 357.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These amounts are net of agency and outside sales representative commissions. We recognized approximately 118.1 million of revenue from our Radio Broadcasting segment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 114.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of approximately 3.5 million. This increase was primarily due to an increase in local political advertising and due to the Houston station acquisition, which was completed in August 2023, offset by a decrease in national advertising. We recogni zed approximately 37.6 million of revenue from our Reach Media segment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 42.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 4.5 million. The decrease was primarily driven by the decrease in overall demand and attrition of advertisers. We recognized approximatel y 50.3 million of revenue from our digital segment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 54.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 4.1 million. The de crease was primarily driven by a decrease in national digital sales and lower demand from the Company s advertisers. We recognized approximately 128.4 million of revenue from our cable television segment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 148.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 20.5 million. The decrease was prim arily driven by a decrease in audience viewership affecting advertising sales and the continued churn in subscribers. 
 Operating expenses 
 Program ming and technical, excluding stoc k-based compensation 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 99,826 100,304 (478) (0.5) 
 Programming and technical expenses include expenses associated with on-air talent and the management and maintenance of the systems, tower facilities, and studios used in the creation, distribution, and broadcast of programming content on our radio stations. Programming and technical expenses for the Radio Broadcasting segment also include expenses associated with our programming research activities and music royalties. For our digital segment, programming and technical expenses include software product design, post-application software development and maintenance, database and server support costs, the help desk function, data center expenses connected with ISP hosting services and other internet content delivery expenses. For our cable television segment, programming and technical expenses include expenses associated with technical, programming, production, and content management. Programming and technical expenses were approximately 99.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 100.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 0.5 million. Expenses in our cable television segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased approximately 1.9 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The decrease was primarily driven by lower content amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Expen ses in our Reach Media segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased approximately 1.1 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by lower contract labor and payroll expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. E xpenses in our Radio Broadcasting segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased approximately 2.0 million, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . This increase was primarily driven by an increase in payroll, rent and utilities due to the Houston station acquisition, which was completed in August 2023. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general an d administrative, excluding stock-based compensation 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 131,141 126,634 4,507 3.6 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses include expenses associated with our sales departments, offices, facilities, and personnel (outside of our corporate headquarters), marketing and promotional expenses, special events and sponsorships and back-office expenses. Expenses to secure ratings data for our radio stations and visitors data for our websites are also included in selling, general and administrative expenses. In addition, selling, general and administrative expenses for the Radio Broadcasting segment and digital segment include expenses related to the advertising traffic (scheduling and insertion) functions. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include membership traffic acquisition costs for our online business. Selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately 131.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 126.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of approximately 4.5 million. Expenses in our Radio Broadcasting segment increased approximately 4.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due primarily to bad debt expense, higher payroll, research, travel and entertainment costs and insurance costs as a result of the Houston station acquisition, which was completed in August 2023. Expenses in our Reach Media segment decreased approximately 1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due primarily to lower affiliate station costs. Expenses in our digital segment were flat when comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Expenses in our cable television segment increased approximately 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due primarily to an increase in research and payroll expenses offset by a decrease in promotional events expenses. 
 Corporate selling, general and administrative, excluding stock-based compensation 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 38,033 30,333 7,700 25.4 
 Corporate expenses consist of expenses associated with our corporate headquarters and facilities, including personnel as well as other corporate overhead functions. Corporate selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately 38.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 30.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of approximately 7.7 million. The increase was primarily due to higher third-party consulting and audit expenses, offset by a non-cash benefit related to the change in fair value of the Employment Agreement Award liability (as defined in Note 7 - Fair Value Measurements ). 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 3,615 7,816 (4,201) (53.7) 
 Stock-based compensation expense was approximately 3.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 7.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 4.2 million. The decrease in stock-based compensation was primarily due to the timing of vesting of stock awards for executive officers and the decrease in grant date fair value of awards. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and amortization 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 6,081 6,291 (210) (3.3) 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was approximately 6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 6.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 0.2 million due to capitalized assets becoming fully depreciated during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 127,581 124,304 3,277 2.6 
 Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets was approximately 127.6 million d uring the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 124.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . See Note 13 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 Interest income 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 4,863 4,488 375 8.4 
 Interest income was approximately 4.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 4.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven by higher cash and cash equivalents balances during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, than in the corresponding period in 2023. 
 Interest expense 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 37,051 42,023 (4,972) (11.8) 
 Interest expense was approximately 37.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 42.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 5.0 million. The decrease was due to lower overall debt balances outstanding during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Note 14 Long-Term Debt of our condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Gain on retirement of debt 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 18,771 2,356 16,415 696.7 
 There was approximately an 18.8 million gain on reti rement of debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased approximately 125.0 million of its 2028 Notes at an average price of approximately 83.8 of par, resulting in a net gain on retirement of debt of approximately 18.8 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased approximately 25.0 million of its 2028 Notes at an average price of approximately 89.1 of par, resulting in a net gain on retirement of debt of approximately 2.4 million. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Other income, net 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 974 96,535 (95,561) (99.0) 
 Other income, net, was approximately 1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 96.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As the Company sold its MGM investment in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the accumulated other comprehensive income was released to other income resulting in approximately a 96.8 million gain. 
 (Benefit from) provision for income taxes 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (17,824) 5,259 (23,083) (438.9) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a benefit from income taxes of approximately 17.8 million. This amount is based on the actual effective tax rate of 20.6 . This rate includes discrete tax expense of approximately 2.9 million related to provision related to return to provision adjustments, changes in valuation allowance for certain of our state net operating losses, and stock-based compensation. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a provision for income taxes of approximately 5.3 million. This amount is based on the actual effective tax rate of 25.9 . The difference between the effective rate and the Company s statutory rate relates primarily to the effect of state taxes and permanent differences associated with non-deductible officer compensation. The Company also recorded approximately 23.7 million of discrete tax expense primarily related to the gain on sale our MGM investment. 
 Loss from unconsolidated joint venture 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (411) (2,728) 2,317 (84.9) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized approximately 0.4 million loss from unconsolidated joint venture related to the Company s investment on RVAEH. 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 976 2,000 (1,024) (51.2) 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests was approximately 1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net income attributable to non-controlling interests was due primarily to the change in ownership interest in Reach Media during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The presentation of non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or superior to the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). We use non-GAAP financial measures including broadcast and digital operating income and Adjusted EBITDA as additional means to evaluate our business and operating results through period-to-period comparisons. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included below for review. Reliance should not be placed on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Measurement of Performance 
 We monitor and evaluate the growth and operational performance of our business using net (loss) income and the following key metrics: 
 (a) Net revenues : The performance of an individual radio station or group of radio stations in a particular market is customarily measured by its ability to generate net revenues. Net revenues consist of gross revenues, net of local and national agency and outside sales representative commissions consistent with industry practice. Net revenues are recognized in the period in which advertisements are broadcast. Net revenues also include advertising aired in exchange for goods and services, which is recorded at fair value, revenue from sponsored events and other revenue. Net revenues are recognized for our online business as impressions are delivered. Net revenues are recognized for our cable television business as advertisements are run, and during the term of the affiliation agreements at levels appropriate for the most recent subscriber counts reported by the affiliate, net of launch support. 
 (b) Broadcast and digital operating income : The Radio Broadcasting industry commonly refers to station operating income which consists of net (loss) income before depreciation and amortization, income taxes, interest expense, interest income, non-controlling interests in income of subsidiaries, other income, net, loss from unconsolidated joint venture, corporate selling, general and administrative expenses, stock-based compensation, impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets and (gain) loss on retirement of debt. However, given the diverse nature of our business, station operating income is not truly reflective of our multi-media operation and, therefore, we use the term broadcast and digital operating income. Broadcast and digital operating income is not a measure of financial performance under GAAP. Nevertheless, broadcast and digital operating income is a significant measure used by our management to evaluate the operating performance of our core operating segments. Broadcast and digital operating income provides helpful information about our results of operations, apart from expenses associated with our fixed assets and goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets, income taxes, investments, impairment charges, debt financings and retirements, corporate overhead, and stock-based compensation. Our measure of broadcast and digital operating income is similar to industry use of station operating income; however, it reflects our more diverse business and therefore is not completely analogous to station operating income or other similarly titled measures as used by other companies. Broadcast and digital operating income does not represent operating income or loss, or cash flow from operating activities, as those terms are defined under GAAP, and should not be considered as an alternative to those measurements as an indicator of our performance. 
 Broadcast and digital operating income decreased to approximately 35.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 43.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approximately 8.4 million or 19.2 . The decrease was primarily due to lower broadcast and digital operating income at all segments but our Reach Media segment. Our digital segment generated approximately 7.1 million of broadcast and digital operating income during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 7.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Reach Media generated approximately 5.1 million of broadcast and digital operating income during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 4.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Cable television generated approximately 16.7 million of broadcast and digital operating income during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 23.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023 . The decrease in the cable television segment s broadcast and digital operating income was primarily from lower net revenues and higher selling, general and administrative costs offset by lower programming and technical expenses. Finall y, our Radio Broadcasting segment generated approximately 6.7 million of broadcast and digital operating income during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 8.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in national advertising expenses offset by higher revenue due to the Houston station acquisition, which was completed in August 2023. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Broadcast and digital operating income decreased to approximately 101.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 130.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of approx imately 28.8 million or 22.1 . The decrease was primarily due to lower broadcast and digital operating income at all segments. Our digital segment generated approximately 13.0 million of broadcast and digital operating income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 17.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Reach Media generated approximately 12.0 million of broadcast and digital operating income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 13.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . Cable television generated approximately 52.2 million of broadcast and digital operating income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 71.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in the cable television segment s broadcast and digital operating income was primarily from lower net revenues and higher selling, general and administrative costs offset by lower programming and technical expenses. Finally, o ur Radio Broadcasting segment generated approximately 24.1 million of broadcast and digital operating income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 27.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher selling, general and administrative costs. 
 (c) Adjusted EBITDA : Adjusted EBITDA consists of net (loss) income plus (1) depreciation and amortization, income taxes, interest expense, net income attributable to non-controlling interests, impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-li ved assets, stock-based compensation, (gain) loss on retirement of debt, corporate costs, severance-related costs, investment income, loss from unconsolidated joint venture, loss from ceased non-core business initiatives less (2) othe r income, net and interest income. Net (loss) income before interest income, interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization is commonly referred to in our business as EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA and EBITDA are not measures of financial performance under GAAP. We believe Adjusted EBITDA is often a useful measure of a company s operating performance and is a significant measure used by our management to evaluate the operating performance of our business. Accordingly, based on the previous description of Adjusted EBITDA, we believe that it provides useful information about the operating performance of our business, apart from the expenses associated with our fixed assets and goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets or capital structure. Adjusted EBITDA is frequently used as one of the measures for comparing businesses in the broadcasting industry, although our measure of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, including, but not limited to the fact that our definition includes the results of all four of our operating segments (Radio Broadcasting, Reach Media, digital and cable television). Business activities unrelated to these four segments are included in an all other category which the Company refers to as All other - corporate/eliminations. Adjusted EBITDA and EBITDA do not purport to represent operating income or cash flow from operating activities, as those terms are defined under GAAP, and should not be considered as alternatives to those measurements as an indicator of our performance. 
 Summary of Performance 
 The tables below provide a summary of our performance based on the metrics described above: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands) (In thousands) Net revenues 110,393 117,825 332,547 357,346 Broadcast and digital operating income 35,370 43,780 101,580 130,408 Adjusted EBITDA 25,414 34,650 76,593 103,874 Net loss to common stockholders (31,798) (54,411) (69,736) 13,033 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The reconciliation of net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders to broadcast and digital operating income is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands) (In thousands) Net loss to common stockholders (31,798) (54,411) (69,736) 13,033 Add back/(deduct) certain non-broadcast and digital operating income items included in net (loss) income: 
 Interest income (1,088) (2,256) (4,863) (4,488) Interest expense 11,649 13,983 37,051 42,023 (Benefit from) provision for income taxes (1,814) (16,778) (17,824) 5,259 Corporate selling, general and administrative, excluding stock-based compensation 12,354 10,418 38,033 30,333 Stock-based compensation 1,152 2,218 3,615 7,816 Gain on retirement of debt (3,472) (18,771) (2,356) Other income, net (74) (75) (974) (96,535) Loss from unconsolidated joint venture 2,728 411 2,728 Depreciation and amortization 1,238 1,808 6,081 6,291 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 400 697 976 2,000 Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets 46,823 85,448 127,581 124,304 Broadcast and digital operating income 35,370 43,780 101,580 130,408 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The reconciliation of net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders to adjusted EBITDA is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands) (In thousands) Net loss to common stockholders (31,798) (54,411) (69,736) 13,033 Add back/(deduct) certain non-broadcast and digital operating income items included in net (loss) income: 
 Interest income (1,088) (2,256) (4,863) (4,488) Interest expense 11,649 13,983 37,051 42,023 (Benefit from) provision for income taxes (1,814) (16,778) (17,824) 5,259 Depreciation and amortization 1,238 1,808 6,081 6,291 EBITDA (21,813) (57,654) (49,291) 62,118 Stock-based compensation 1,152 2,218 3,615 7,816 Gain on retirement of debt (3,472) (18,771) (2,356) Other income, net (74) (75) (974) (96,535) Loss from unconsolidated joint venture 2,728 411 2,728 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 400 697 976 2,000 Corporate costs (a) 
 1,339 1,594 10,863 4,317 Employment Agreement Award and other compensation (845) (2,663) Severance-related costs 251 31 831 318 Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets 46,823 85,448 127,581 124,304 Investment expense from MGM National Harbor (b) 
 (115) Other nonrecurring expenses 46 (631) Loss from ceased non-core business initiatives 762 508 1,983 1,942 Adjusted EBITDA 25,414 34,650 76,593 103,874 
 (a) Corporate costs include professional fees related to the material weakness remediation efforts. 
 (b) Investment expense from MGM National Harbor is included in Other income, net. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 From time to time, the Company may repurchase its outstanding debt and/or equity securities in open market purchases. Under open authorizations, repurchases of our outstanding debt and/or equity securities may be made from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Repurchased debt and equity securities are retired when repurchased. The timing and extent of any repurchases will depend upon prevailing market conditions, the trading price of the Company s outstanding debt and/or equity securities and other factors, and subject to restrictions under applicable law. 
 Our primary source of liquidity is cash provided by operations and, to the extent necessary, borrowings available under our asset-backed credit facility. Our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balance was approximately 115.5 million as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, there were no borrowings outstanding on the Current ABL Facility (as defined below) which has 50.0 million in overall capacity. 
 The Company regularly considers the impact of macroeconomic conditions on our business. Uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment with continued increases in inflation and interest rates, along with banking volatility, may have an adverse effect on our revenues. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 On September 27, 2022, the Compensation Committee authorized the repurchase of up to approximately 0.5 million (the Employee Stock Repurchase Authorization worth of shares in the aggregate from employees who want to sell in connection with the Company s most recent employee stock grant. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not repurchase any shares of Class A stock in connection with the Employee Stock Repurchase Authorization. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 25,285 shares of Class D stock under Employee Stock Repurchase Authorization at an average price of 3.76 for a total amount of approximately 0.1 million. The Company did not repurchase any shares of Class D stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, under this authorization. The Company has approximately 0.3 million remaining under the Employee Stock Repurchase Authorization. 
 In addition, the Company has limited but ongoing authority to purchase shares of Class D common stock (in one or more transactions at any time there remain outstanding grants) under the 2019 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan. This limited authority is used to satisfy any employee or other recipient tax obligations in connection with the exercise of an option or a share grant under the 2019 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan, to the extent that the Company has capacity under its financing agreements (i.e., its current credit facilities and indentures) (each a Stock Vest Tax Repurchase ). 
 On June 10, 2024, the Company s board of directors approved a share repurchase authorization to repurchase up to 20.0 million of the Company's outstanding Class A and/or Class D common stock (collectively, the 2024 Stock Repurchase Program ). The 2024 Stock Repurchase Program will remain in effect for up to 24 months or until the authorization is exhausted. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 1,464,300 shares of Class A Common Stock in the amount of approximately 3.0 million at an average price of 2.03 per share. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 647,528 shares of Class D Common Stock in the amount of approximately 0.9 million at an average price of 1.39 per share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased 824 shares of Class D Common Stock in the amount of approximately 3,000 at an average price of 3.99 per share. After giving effect to the above transaction, the 2024 Stock Repurchase program has approximately 16.1 million remaining shares under the authorization. See Note 19 - Subsequent Events of our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional purchases subsequent to September 30, 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company executed Stock Vest Tax Repurchases of 423,511 shares of Class D Common Stock in the amount of approximately 1.4 million at a price of 3.21 per s hare and 31 2,448 shares of Class D Common Stock in the amount of approximately 1.6 million at an average price of 5.21 per share. 
 On March 8, 2023, Radio One Entertainment Holdings, LLC ROEH issued a Put Notice with respect to its Put Interest in MGM National Harbor (the MGM Investment ). Upon issuance of the Put Notice, no later than thirty (30) days following receipt, MGM Investment was required to repurchase the Put Interest for cash. On April 21, 2023, ROEH closed on the sale of the Put Interest and received approximately 136.8 million at the time of settlement of the Put Interest, representing the put price. During the six months ended June 30, 2023, the Company received 8.8 million representing the Company s annual distribution from MGM Investment with respect to fiscal year 2022. 
 On January 25, 2021, the Company closed on an offering (the 2028 Notes Offering of 825.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes in a private offering exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The 2028 Notes are general senior secured obligations of the Company and are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by certain of the Company s direct and indirect restricted subsidiaries. The 2028 Notes mature on February 1, 2028, and interest on the Notes accrues and is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year, commencing on August 1, 2021 at the rate of 7.375 per annum. 
 The 2028 Notes and the guarantees are secured, subject to permitted liens and except for certain excluded assets (i) on a first priority basis by substantially all of the Company s and the Guarantors current and future property and assets (other than accounts receivable, cash, deposit accounts, other bank accounts, securities accounts, inventory and related assets that secure our asset-backed revolving credit facility on a first priority basis (the ABL Priority Collateral ), including the capital stock of each guarantor (collectively, the Notes Priority Collateral and (ii) on a second priority basis by the ABL Priority Collateral. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 the Company repurchased approximately 14.5 million of its 2028 Notes at an average price of approximately 75.0 of par, resulting in a net gain on retirement of debt of approximately 3.6 million. There is approximately 25.0 million remaining under the June 2024 Authorization as defined in Note 14 Long-Term Debt of our condensed consolidated financial statements . During the three months September 30, 2023, the Company did not repurchase any of its 2028 Notes. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company repurchased approximately 125.0 million of its 2028 Notes at an average price of approximately 83.8 of par, resulting in a net gain on retirement of debt of approximately 18.8 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased approximately 25.0 million of its 2028 Notes at an average price of approximately 89.1 of par, resulting in a net gain on retirement of debt of approximately 2.4 million. As of September 30, 2024, the total outstanding aggregate principal amount of the senior secured notes due 2028 is approximately 600.0 million. See Note 14 Long-Term Debt of our condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 On February 19, 2021, the Company closed on its asset backed credit facility (the Current ABL Facility ). The Current ABL Facility is governed by a credit agreement by and among the Company, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. The Current ABL Facility provides for up to 50.0 million revolving loan borrowings in order to provide for the working capital needs and general corporate requirements of the Company. The Current ABL Facility also provides for a letter of credit facility up to 5.0 million as a part of the overall 50.0 million in capacity. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was no balance outstanding on the Current ABL Facility. 
 At the Company s election, the interest rate on borrowings under the Current ABL Facility is based on either (i) the then applicable margin relative to Base Rate Loans (as defined in the Current ABL Facility) or (ii) until execution of the Waiver and Amendment (as defined below) took effect, the then applicable margin relative to LIBOR Loans (as defined in the Current ABL Facility) corresponding to the average availability of the Company for the most recently completed fiscal quarter. 
 On April 30, 2023, the Company entered into a waiver and amendment (the Waiver and Amendment to the Current ABL Facility. The Waiver and Amendment waived certain events of default under the Current ABL Facility related to the Company s failure to timely deliver certain Annual Financial Deliverables for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, under the Waiver and Amendment, the Current ABL Facility was amended to provide that from and after the date thereof, any request for a new LIBOR Loan (as defined in the Current ABL Facility), for a continuation of an existing LIBOR Loan (as defined in the Current ABL Facility) or for a conversion of a Loan to a LIBOR Loan (as defined in the Current ABL Facility) shall be deemed to be a request for a loan bearing interest at Term SOFR (as defined in the Amended Current ABL Facility) (the SOFR Interest Rate Change ). 
 Between June 5, 2023 and May 30, 2024, the Company entered into six more waivers and amendments related to the Company s failure to timely deliver certain financial deliverables as required under the Current ABL Facility Most recently, on May 30, 2024, the Company entered into a seventh waiver and amendment (the Seventh Waiver and Amendment to the Current ABL Facility. The Seventh Waiver and Amendment waived certain events of default under the Current ABL Facility related to the Company s failure to timely deliver both the Annual Financial Deliverables for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Form 10-K and Quarterly Financial Deliverables for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 as required under the Current ABL Facility (the 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q and, together with the 2023 Form 10-K , the Delayed Reports ). The Seventh Waiver and Amendment sets a due date of June 17, 2024 for the Delayed Reports. The Delayed Reports were filed on June 7, 2024, bringing the Company back into compliance with the requirements under the Current ABL Facility. 
 
 Advances under the Current ABL Facility are limited to (a) eighty-five percent (85 of the amount of Eligible Accounts (as defined in the Current ABL Facility), less the amount, if any, of the Dilution Reserve (as defined in the Current ABL Facility), minus (b) the sum of (i) the Bank Product Reserve (as defined in the Current ABL Facility), plus (ii) the AP and Deferred Revenue Reserve (as defined in the Current ABL Facility), plus (iii) without duplication, the aggregate amount of all other reserves, if any, established by Administrative Agent. 
 All obligations under the Current ABL Facility are secured by a first priority lien on all (i) deposit accounts (related to accounts receivable), (ii) accounts receivable, and (iii) all other property which constitutes ABL Priority Collateral (as defined in the Current ABL Facility). The obligations are also guaranteed by all material restricted subsidiaries of the Company. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 As the Company was undrawn under the Current ABL Facility as of the date of the Waiver and Amendment, the SOFR Interest Rate Change would only bear upon future borrowings by the Company such that they bear an interest rate relating to the secured overnight financing rate. These provisions of the Waiver and Amendment are intended to transition loans under the Current ABL Facility to the new secured overnight financing rate as the benchmark rate. 
 The Current ABL Facility matures on the earlier to occur of: (a) the date that is five years from the effective date of the Current ABL Facility, and (b) 91 days prior to the maturity of the Company s 2028 Notes. The Current ABL Facility is subject to the terms of the Revolver Intercreditor Agreement (as defined in the Current ABL Facility) by and among the Administrative Agent and Wilmington Trust, National Association. 
 The following table provides a summary of our statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2024 2023 (In thousands) Net cash flows provided by operating activities 1,860 43,302 Net cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities (1,702) 79,333 Net cash flows used in financing activities (118,239) (28,312) 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities were approximately 1.9 million and 43.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Net cash flow from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased from the prior year primarily due to decreased profitability and higher payments for content and other liabilities. 
 Cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents, and other sources of liquidity are expected to be available and sufficient to meet foreseeable cash requirements. 
 Net cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities were approximately (1.7) million and 79.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The sale of the MGM investment and the effect of the RVAEH deconsolidation was the main driver for the increase in investing cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net cash flows used in financing activities were approximately (118.2) million and (28.3) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, we paid approximately 104.8 million and 22.3 million, respectively, to repurchase approximately 125.0 million and 25.0 million of our 2028 Notes. We repurchased approximately 5.3 million and 1.6 million of our Class A and D Common Stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. In addition, the non-controlling interest shareholders of Reach Media exercised 50 of their Put Right on January 26, 2024, which resulted in a cash outflow of approximately 7.6 million. Finally, Reach Media paid approximately 1.8 million and 4.4 million in dividends to non-controlling interest shareholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 Credit Rating Agencies 
 On a continuing basis, Standard and Poor s, Moody s Investor Services, and other rating agencies may evaluate our indebtedness in order to assign a credit rating. Our corporate credit ratings by Standard Poor's Rating Services and Moody's Investors Service are speculative-grade and have been downgraded and upgraded at various times during the last several years. Any reductions in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs, reduce the availability of financing to us or increase our cost of doing business or otherwise negatively impact our business operations. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the condensed consolidated financial statements in our 2023 Form 10-K. There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies from those presented in our Form 10-K. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Our critical accounting estimates are described in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, under the heading Part II - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting estimates from those presented in our Form 10-K. 
 Radio Broadcasting Licenses 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company noted an increase in the discount rate, continued decline of projected gross market revenues and a decline in operating profit margin created a triggering event indicating that the fair value of the Company s radio broadcasting licenses were more likely than not to be less than its carrying value. Therefore, the Company performed a quantitative impairment assessment for the broadcasting licenses for all radio markets to determine whether they were impaired. To determine the fair value of the broadcasting licenses, the Company utilized the income approach which values a license by calculating the value of a hypothetical startup company that initially has no assets except the asset to be valued (the broadcasting license). The Company performed a discounted cash flow analysis for all 13 radio markets. The key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow analysis for broadcasting licenses include market revenue and projected revenue growth by market, mature market share, operating profit margin, terminal growth rate, and discount rate. 
 
 Based on this analysis, the Company recognized an impairment loss of approximately 37.7 million associated with 9 radio markets within the Radio Broadcasting segment, included in impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets, on the condensed consolidated statement of operations during the three months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 
 Excluding the radio broadcasting licenses in the 9 radio markets where an impairment loss was recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024 , the fair value of radio broadcasting licenses in 2 radio markets, approximately 17.3 million, exceeded their carrying values (approximately 16.4 million) by less than 10 as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Below are the key assumptions used in the income approach model for estimating the fair value of the broadcasting licenses for the 13 radio markets in the most recent interim impairment assessment performed as of September 30, 2024 . 
 
 Unit of 
 Accounting (a) 
 Carrying Value (in millions) Excess FV over CV Discount Rate Revenue Growth Rate Terminal Growth Rate Mature Market Share Operating Profit Margin 1 61.0 Impaired 10.5 (2.3) - 0.1 (0.5) 2.5 - 15.0 5.0 - 30.0 2 3.1 424.9 10.5 (2.9) - (0.4) (0.5) 2.2 - 13.0 5.0 - 30.0 4 13.6 Impaired 10.5 (2.1) - 0.3 (0.5) 3.8 - 23.0 2.5 - 15.0 5 7.5 29.3 10.5 (3.0) - (0.5) (0.5) 1.3 - 8.0 4.6 - 27.5 6 11.2 Impaired 10.5 (4.0) - (0.5) (0.5) 2.5 - 15.0 3.3 - 20.0 7 6.4 6.3 10.5 (2.9) - (0.5) (0.5) 1.8 - 11.0 3.0 - 18.0 8 17.6 Impaired 10.5 (2.4) - 0.0 (0.5) 1.1 - 6.5 3.0 - 18.0 10 95.8 Impaired 10.5 (2.5) - (0.1) (0.5) 4.2 - 25.0 4.5 - 27.0 11 16.0 Impaired 10.5 (2.6) - (0.4) (0.5) 5.1 - 30.5 3.3 - 20.0 12 10.0 4.5 10.5 (2.9) - (0.4) (0.5) 1.2 - 7.0 3.0 - 18.0 13 16.3 Impaired 10.5 (2.5) - (0.2) (0.5) 2.3 - 14.0 5.0 - 30.0 14 5.0 Impaired 10.5 (2.7) - (0.5) (0.5) 3.5 - 21.0 1.3 - 8.0 16 31.0 Impaired 10.5 (2.6) - (0.2) (0.5) 2.2 - 13.0 3.3 - 20.0 
 (a) The units of accounting are not disclosed on a specific market basis in order to not make publicly available sensitive information that could be competitively harmful to the Company. Units of accounting, not presented in this table, were previously disposed by the Company. 
 
 To the extent that there is a potential recession that further disrupts the economic environment impacting the financial performance, market share, or changes in interest rates, these events could negatively affect the key assumptions and result in significantly lower fair value of the broadcasting licenses. Additionally, given limited differences between assessed fair values of each radio broadcasting license and their current carrying value in the quarter ended September 30, 2024 , 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 continued declining market share, revenues, growth rates, or changes in the discount rate in applicable radio markets may lead to subsequent impairment. 
 
 See Note 13 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets of our condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, an overall decline in revenue and operating profit margin created a triggering event indicating that the fair value of the Company s reporting units were more likely than not to be less than its carrying value. Therefore, the Company performed a quantitative assessment at all ten of the reporting units that contain goodwill. Based on the impairment assessment performed, no goodwill impairment losses were recognized for the period ended September 30, 2024. We believe the assumptions and analysis are reasonable, which considers the inherent uncertainty in how the current economic environment may impact our future cash flows. However, if there were an adverse change to the facts and circumstances, then an impairment charge may be necessary in the future. 
 
 The fair value of one reporting unit, approximately 27.0 million, exceeded the reporting unit s carrying value 25.3 million) by less than 10 as of September 30, 2024. This reporting unit has approximately 4.5 million of goodwill currently assigned to it as of September 30, 2024 . This reporting unit is considered at risk of failing the quantitative impairment assessment in future quarters if financial performance decreases. 
 
 To the extent that there is a potential recession that further disrupts the economic environment impacting the financial performance or changes in interest rates, these events could negatively affect the key assumptions and result in significantly lower fair value of the Company s reporting units. 
 
 The following table presents sensitivity analysis for broadcasting licenses and goodwill of all reporting units showing the impact of the most recent quantitative impairment assessment results from a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate, which the Company has determined to be a significant assumption impacting the impairment: 
 
 Hypothetical Increase in the Recorded Impairment Charge For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Broadcasting Licenses Goodwill (in millions) Impairment Charge Recorded: Radio Market Reporting Units 37.7 Hypothetical Change for Radio Market Reporting Units: A 100 basis point increase in the applicable discount rate 27.0 
 
 TV One Trade Name 
 
 As of September 30, 2024,the Company noted a continued decline in revenues and operating profit margin in the Cable Television segment, indicating that it was more likely than not that its TV One trade name was impaired. Therefore, the Company performed a quantitative impairment assessment for the trade name for all TV One to determine whether it was impaired. Based on this analysis, the Company recognized an impairment loss of approximately 9.1 million associated with TV One trade name, included in impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets, on the condensed consolidated statement of operations during the nine m onths ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Below are the key assumptions used in the relief from royalty approach model for estimating the fair value of the trade name for the TV One in the most recent interim impairment assessment performed as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 TV One Trade Name September 30, 2024 Discount Rate 11.0 Revenue Growth Rate Range (10.3) - (0.1) Terminal Growth Rate (1.5) Royalty Payments Avoided 2.5 Cumulative Probability of Continued Use 100 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 The Company estimated the fair value of the Employment Agreement Award as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, at approximately 13.5 million and 23.0 million, respectively, and, accordingly, adjusted the liability to that amount. The fair value estimate incorporated a number of assumptions and estimates, including but not limited to revenue growth rates, future operating profit margins, discount rate, peer companies, average recurring EBITDA multiples and weighting of the income and market approach. As the Company will measure changes in the fair value of this award at each reporting period as warranted by certain circumstances, different estimates or assumptions may result in a change to the fair value of the award amount previously recorded. 
 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 See Note 11 New Accounting Standards of our condensed consolidated financial statements for a summary of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 CAPITAL AND COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS 
 Radio Broadcasting Licenses 
 Each of the Company s radio stations operates pursuant to one or more licenses issued by the Federal Communications Commission that have a maximum term of eight years prior to renewal. The Company s radio broadcasting licenses expire at various times beginning in October 2027, through August 2030. Although the Company may apply to renew its radio broadcasting licenses, third parties may challenge the Company s renewal applications. The Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances that would prevent the Company from having its current licenses renewed. A station may continue to operate beyond the expiration date of its license if a timely filed license renewal application was filed and is pending. 
 Indebtedness 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 600.0 million of our 2028 Notes outstanding within our corporate structure. See Note 14 - Long-Term Debt of our condensed consolidated financial statements. The Company had no other indebtedness. 
 Royalty Agreements 
 Musical works rights holders, songwriters and music publishers, have been traditionally represented by performing rights organizations, such as the American Society of Composers Authors and Publishers ASCAP ), Broadcast Music, Inc. BMI and SESAC, Inc. SESAC ). The market for rights relating to musical works is changing rapidly. Songwriters and music publishers have withdrawn from the traditional performing rights organizations, particularly ASCAP and BMI, and new entities, such as Global Music Rights Inc. ("GMR"), have been formed to represent rights holders. These organizations negotiate fees with copyright users, collect royalties and distribute them to the rights holders. These licenses periodically come up for renewal and, as a result, certain of our performing rights organizations PRO licenses are currently the subject of renewal negotiations. The outcome of these renewal negotiations could impact, and potentially increase, our music license fees. In addition, there is no guarantee that additional PRO's will not emerge, which could impact, and in some circumstances increase, our royalty rates and negotiation costs. 
 
 The Radio Music Licensing Committee RMLC ), of which we are a represented participant, has negotiated and entered into, on behalf of participating members, an Interim License Agreement with ASCAP effective January 1, 2022 and to remain in effect until the date on which the parties reach agreement as to, or there is court determination of, new interim or final fees, terms, and conditions of a new license for the five year period commencing on January 1, 2022 and 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 concluding on December 31, 2026. On February 7, 2022, the RMLC and GMR reached a settlement and achieved certain conditions which effectuate a four-year license to which the Company is a party for the period April 1, 2022, to March 31, 2026. The license includes an optional three-year extended term that the Company may effectuate prior to the end of the initial term. As of September 30, 2024, the RMLC was engaged in rate determination proceedings with both BMI and SESAC. Note 19 - Subsequent Events of our condensed consolidated financial statements for further information subsequent to September 30, 2024. 
 
 Lease Obligations 
 We have non-cancelable operating leases for office space, studio space, broadcast towers and transmitter facilities that expire over the next forty-eight years. 
 Operating Contracts and Agreements 
 We have other operating contracts and agreements including employment contracts, on-air talent contracts, severance obligations, retention bonuses, consulting agreements, equipment rental agreements, programming related agreements, and other general operating agreements that expire over the next five years. 
 Reach Media Non-controlling Interest 
 Beginning on January 1, 2018, the non-controlling interest shareholders of Reach Media have had an annual right to require Reach Media to purchase all or a portion of their shares at the then current fair market value for such shares (the Put Right ). This annual right is exercisable for a 30-day period beginning January 1 of each year. The purchase price for such shares may be paid in cash and/or registered Class D common stock of the Company, at the discretion of the Company. 
 On January 26, 2024, the non-controlling interest shareholders of Reach Media exercised their right to require Reach Media to repurchase 50 of their shares (the Put Interest at the fair market value for such shares. On March 8, 2024, Reach Media closed on the Put Interest increasing the Company s interest in Reach Media to 90 and decreasing the interest of the non-controlling interest shareholders from 20 to 10 . 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations Schedule 
 The following table represents our sc heduled contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024: 
 Payments Due by Period Contractual Obligations Remainder of 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and Beyond Total (In thousands) 2028 Notes (a) 
 11,062 44,248 44,248 44,248 603,663 747,469 Other operating contracts/agreements (b) 
 36,752 64,668 19,493 7,430 3,984 259 132,586 Operating lease obligations 7,895 9,760 7,289 5,782 4,718 21,029 56,473 Total 55,709 118,676 71,030 57,460 612,365 21,288 936,528 
 (a) Includes interest obligations based on interest rates on senior secured notes outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 (b) Includes employment contracts (including the Employment Agreement Award), severance obligations, on-air talent contracts, consulting agreements, equipment rental agreements, programming related agreements, launch liability payments, asset-backed credit facility (if applicable) and other general operating agreements. Also includes contracts that our cable television segment has entered into to acquire entertainment programming rights and programs from distributors and producers. These contracts relate to their content assets as well as prepaid programming related agreements. 
 Of the tota l amount of other operating contracts and agreements included in the table above, approximately 86.3 million has not been recorded on the balance sheet as of September 30, 2024, as it does not meet recognition criteria. Approximately 29.3 million relates to certain commitments for content agreements for our cable television segment, approximately 24.2 million relates to employment agreements, and the remainder relates to other agreements. 
 Effective August 12, 2024, Reach Media and the Foundation entered into a new agreement regarding the Fantastic Voyage (the FV Revised Agreement ). Cruises beginning with Fantastic Voyage 2025 will operate under the FV Revised Agreement. The Fantastic Voyage 2024 cruise continue to be accounted for under the existing agreement. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of March 31, 2024, the Company closed its letter of credit reimbursement and security agreement with capacity of up to 1.2 million and received a 1.2 million deposit held with the counterparty in connection with the agreement. In addition, the Current ABL Facility provides for letter of credit capacity of up to 5.0 million subject to certain limitations on availability. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 We have carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, are controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance of reaching our desired disclosure controls objectives. Based on this evaluation and as a result of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as described in the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, our CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 (b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we continued strengthening our control environment to address the identified material weaknesses. We have made the following progress on executing our remediation plan: 
 
 hired additional accounting personnel with expertise in U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting requirements and continue to augment our accounting team with external experts in financial controls and operations as needed; 
 redesigned our management review controls to enhance the documentation of critical review elements and developed thresholds to ensure reviews are conducted at an appropriate level of precision; 
 designed additional controls to validate the completeness and accuracy of certain data used within the operation of controls; 
 redesigned new procedures around the purchase, approval and tracking of new IT equipment; 
 added additional IT leadership personnel and redesigned certain information technology processes to enhance controls around user access, change management and IT operations for financial systems. 
 We will not be able to conclude that we have remediated a material weakness until the remediation plans are fully implemented; the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time; and management has concluded, through formal testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We will continue to monitor the design and effectiveness of these and other processes, procedures and controls and make any further changes management deems appropriate. Except as described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Legal Proceedings 
 Urban One is involved from time to time in various routine legal and administrative proceedings and threatened legal and administrative proceedings incidental to the ordinary course of our business. Urban One believes the resolution of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our risk factors are described in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, under the heading Part I, "Item 1A. Risk Factors". 
 
 If we fail to meet the continued listing standards of NASDAQ, our common stock may be delisted, which could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and market price of our common stock and expose the Company to litigation. 
 
 Our common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq has requirements that a company must meet in order to remain listed. Pursuant to the Nasdaq Listing Rules, listed companies must generally maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 (the Minimum Bid Price failure to do so for a period of 30 consecutive business days results in a deficiency. Listing Rule 5810 requires that companies deemed deficient shall be promptly notified of the deficiency and be granted a period of 180 calendar days from that notice to achieve compliance with that rule. Companies are deemed to have achieved compliance if they were able to raise their bid price to 1.00 or above for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days. The Nasdaq Listing Rules separately provide that companies may deemed deficient for failure to maintain an appropriate number of publicly held shares, or the number of shareholders (the Number of Holders Rule ). Companies may be granted up to a separate 180 calendar day period to regain compliance with the Number of Holders Rule. Historically, some companies chose to take corporate action (e.g., a reverse stock split) to achieve compliance with the minimum bid price requirement, at the cost of compliance with the Number of Holders Rule, so as to be granted a second compliance or grace period before being delisted from the exchange. However, pursuant to recent amendment to the Nasdaq Listing Rules, a company in such position will not be granted a second grace or compliance period and will not be deemed in compliance with the requirements of either deficiency until they have cured both deficiencies. Nasdaq will no longer allow listed companies to cure the minimum price deficiency at the detriment of the Number of Holders Rule. There is no guarantee that we will be in compliance with the Minim Bid Price or Number of Holders Rule in future periods. Our failure to meet either the Minimum Bid Price or the Number of Holders Rule could cause us to be delisted from the NASDAQ and our stock to be moved to the over-the-counter markets. Such results could have an adverse impact on both the price and liquidity of our stock. 

63 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 The following table sets forth purchases of our ordinary shares by the Company during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period and Class (a) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (b) Average Price Paid Per Share (or Units) (c) Total number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (a) 
 (d) Maximum Number (or approved Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet be Purchased Under the plans or Programs (in thousands) Class A July 1- July 31, 2024 640,166 1.97 640,166 17,340 August 1- August 31, 2024 259,220 2.11 259,220 16,688 September 1, September 30, 2024 115,637 2.02 115,637 16,136 Total 1,015,023 2.01 1,015,023 16,136 Class D July 1- July 31, 2024 226,469 1.48 226,469 17,340 August 1- August 31, 2024 77,087 1.36 77,087 16,688 September 1, September 30, 2024 256,313 1.24 256,313 16,136 Total 559,869 1.36 559,869 16,136 (a) On June 10, 2024, the Company s board of directors approved a share repurchase authorization to repurchase up to 20.0 million of the Company's outstanding Class A and/or Class D common stock (collectively, the 2024 Stock Repurchase Program ). The 2024 Stock Repurchase Program will remain in effect for up to 24 months or until the authorization is exhausted. See Note 16 Stockholders Equity of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

64 

Table of Contents 

 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement intended to satisfy the affirmative defenses of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 99.1 Second Amended and Restated Urban One 2019 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on August 21, 2024) 
 101 Financial information from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Filed or furnished herewith 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 URBAN ONE, INC. /s/ PETER D. THOMPSON Peter D. Thompson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 November 12, 2024 
 66 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 uone-20240930xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 I, Alfred C. Liggins, III, Chief Executive Officer and President of Urban One, Inc., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Urban One, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s first quarter in the case of this report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Alfred C. Liggins, III Alfred C. Liggins, III President and Chief Executive Officer Date November 12, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 uone-20240930xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 I, Peter D. Thompson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Urban One, Inc., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Urban One, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(i) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s first quarter in the case of this report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Peter D. Thompson Peter D. Thompson Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Date November 12, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 uone-20240930xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Urban One, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 (i) the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Alfred C. Liggins, III Name Alfred C. Liggins, III Title President and Chief Executive Officer Date November 12, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Urban One, Inc. and will be retained by Urban One, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 uone-20240930xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Urban One, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 (i) The accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Peter D. Thompson Name Peter D. Thompson Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date November 12, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Urban One, Inc. and will be retained by Urban One, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 uone-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 uone-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 uone-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 uone-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 uone-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

