<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1347178_0001628280-24-045970.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6123323</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>121664</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1161333</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1994025</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1496960</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1241940</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-045970.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107070748
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-045970
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001347178
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				030491827
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34186
		FILM NUMBER:		241433118

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 PENNSYLVANIA AVE NW
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300E
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20037
		BUSINESS PHONE:		202-734-3400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 PENNSYLVANIA AVE NW
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300E
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20037

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-045970.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 vnda-20240930.htm
 10-Q

vnda-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 x Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 ITEM 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 ITEM 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 37 
 ITEM 4 Controls and Procedures 
 38 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 ITEM 1A Risk Factors 
 38 
 ITEM 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 39 
 ITEM 3 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 39 
 ITEM 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 ITEM 5 Other Information 
 39 
 ITEM 6 Exhibits 
 40 
 Signatures 
 41 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Quarterly Report) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). Words such as, but not limited to, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, plan, project, target, goal, likely, will, would, and could, or the negative of these terms and similar expressions or words, identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions that involve risks, changes in circumstances and uncertainties. If the risks, changes in circumstances or uncertainties materialize or the assumptions prove incorrect, the results of Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (we, our, the Company or Vanda) may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report may include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our ability to commercialize Fanapt (iloperidone) oral tablets for the acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder; 
 our ability to continue to generate United States (U.S.) sales of Fanapt oral tablets for the treatment of schizophrenia; 
 our ability to continue to commercialize HETLIOZ (tasimelteon) capsules for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (Non-24) in the U.S., in light of existing and potential generic competition, and Europe and HETLIOZ capsules and oral suspension (HETLIOZ LQ for the treatment of nighttime sleep disturbances in Smith-Magenis Syndrome (SMS) in the U.S.; 
 our ability to obtain approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for HETLIOZ beyond the currently approved indications; 
 our ability to increase market awareness of Non-24 and SMS and market acceptance of HETLIOZ 
 our ability to commercialize PONVORY (ponesimod) tablets for the treatment of adults with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis, to include clinically isolated syndrome, relapsing-remitting disease and active secondary progressive disease in the U.S. and Canada and our ability to transition regulatory and manufacturing responsibility to us; 
 our ability to obtain approval from the FDA for PONVORY beyond the currently approved indications; 
 our ability to obtain regulatory approval for tradipitant from the FDA; 
 our level of success in commercializing Fanapt and HETLIOZ in new markets; 
 our ability to overcome the continued reimbursement and patient access challenges we face as a result of third-party payor coverage; 
 the impact of public health crises, epidemics, pandemics or similar events on our business and operations, including our revenue, our supply chain, our commercial activities, our ongoing and planned clinical trials and our regulatory activities; 
 our dependence on third-party manufacturers to manufacture Fanapt , HETLIOZ , HETLIOZ LQ and PONVORY in sufficient quantities and quality; 
 our ability to prepare, file, prosecute, defend and enforce any patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to maintain rights to develop and commercialize our products under our license agreements; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our products, and the labeling for any approved products; 
 our expectations regarding the timing and success of preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 the safety and efficacy of our products; 
 regulatory developments in the U.S., Europe and other jurisdictions; 
 limitations on our ability to utilize some or all of our prior net operating losses and orphan drug and research and development credits; 
 our expectations regarding the size and growth of the current and potential markets for our products and our ability to serve those markets; 
 our expectations regarding trends with respect to our revenues, costs, expenses, liabilities and cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to identify or obtain rights to new products; 
 our ability to attract and retain key scientific or management personnel; 
 our expectations regarding the cost, time frame, outcome, insurance coverage and effects of any litigation or other dispute; 
 our ability to obtain the capital necessary to fund our research and development or commercial activities; 
 potential losses incurred from product liability claims made against us; and 
 the use of our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 All forward-looking statements in this report are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained throughout this report. We caution you not to rely too heavily on such forward-looking statements. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this Quarterly Report, and we undertake no obligation, and specifically decline any obligation, to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 We encourage you to read Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report. In addition to the risks described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of our annual report on Form 10-K (Annual Report) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Quarterly Report, other unknown or unpredictable factors also could affect our results. Therefore, the information in this report should be read together with other reports and documents that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time, including on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, which may supplement, modify, supersede or update those risk factors. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this report will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Part I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 VANDA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 
 
 (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Non-current inventory and other Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Product revenue allowances Total current liabilities Operating lease non-current liabilities 
 Other non-current liabilities 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Notes 9 and 14) 
 par value; shares authorized, and shares issued or outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 VANDA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Revenues: Net product sales Total revenues Operating expenses: Cost of goods sold excluding amortization Research and development Selling, general and administrative Intangible asset amortization Total operating expenses Loss from operations 
 ) ) ) ) Other income Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 VANDA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Net foreign currency translation gain (loss) 
 ) ) Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities ) Tax benefit (provision) on other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 VANDA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Deficit Total (in thousands, except for share amounts) Shares Par Value Balances at December 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock from the exercise of stock options and settlement of restricted stock units 
 Stock-based compensation expense Net loss 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 ) ) Balances at March 31, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock from the exercise of stock options and settlement of restricted stock units 
 Stock-based compensation expense Net loss 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 Balances at June 30, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock from the exercise of stock options and settlement of restricted stock units 
 Stock-based compensation expense Net loss 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 Balances at September 30, 2024 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 VANDA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Unaudited) (Continued) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total (in thousands, except for share amounts) Shares Par Value Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of common stock from the exercise of stock options and settlement of restricted stock units 
 Stock-based compensation expense Net income 
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 Balances at March 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock from the exercise of stock options and settlement of restricted stock units 
 Stock-based compensation expense Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Balances at June 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock from the exercise of stock options and settlement of restricted stock units 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 VANDA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation of property and equipment Stock-based compensation Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on marketable securities ) ) Loss on sale of marketable securities Intangible asset amortization Deferred income taxes ) Other non-cash adjustments, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Inventory ) Accounts payable and other liabilities ) Product revenue allowances Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 ) Cash flows from investing activities Asset acquisition 
 ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Sales and maturities of marketable securities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period End of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 VANDA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 reporting segment. 
 The Company s commercial portfolio is currently comprised of products, Fanapt for the acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder and the treatment of schizophrenia, HETLIOZ for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (Non-24) and for the treatment of nighttime sleep disturbances in Smith-Magenis Syndrome (SMS), and PONVORY for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS) to include clinically isolated syndrome, relapsing-remitting disease and active secondary progressive disease, in adults. HETLIOZ is the first product approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for patients with Non-24 and for patients with SMS. In addition, the Company has a number of drugs in development, including: 
 Milsaperidone (VHX-896), the active metabolite of Fanapt (iloperidone), for the acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder and for the treatment of schizophrenia and major depressive disorder; 
 Fanapt (iloperidone) long acting injectable (LAI) formulation for the treatment of schizophrenia; 
 HETLIOZ (tasimelteon) for the treatment of jet lag disorder, insomnia, pediatric insomnia, delayed sleep phase disorder (DSPD) and pediatric Non-24; 
 PONVORY (ponesimod) for the treatment of psoriasis and ulcerative colitis; 
 Tradipitant (VLY-686), a small molecule neurokinin-1 (NK-1) receptor antagonist, for the treatment of gastroparesis, motion sickness and atopic dermatitis; 
 Portfolio of Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) activators and inhibitors, including VSJ-110 for the treatment of dry eye and ocular inflammation and VPO-227 for the treatment of secretory diarrhea disorders, including cholera; 
 VTR-297, a small molecule histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor for the treatment of onychomycosis and hematologic malignancies and with potential use as a treatment for several oncology indications; 
 VQW-765, a small molecule nicotinic acetylcholine receptor partial agonist, for the treatment of social/performance anxiety and psychiatric disorders; and 
 Antisense oligonucleotide (ASO) molecules, including VCA-894A for the treatment of Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Type 2S (CMT2S), caused by cryptic slice site variants within the IGHMBP2 gene. 
 Basis of Presentation 

2. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 
 Restricted cash included in non-current inventory and other Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Revenue from Net Product Sales 
 The Company s net product sales consist of sales of Fanapt , HETLIOZ and PONVORY . 
 HETLIOZ net product sales 
 PONVORY net product sales 
 Total net product sales 
 The Company s HETLIOZ net product sales as reported for the three months ended March 31, 2023 reflected higher unit sales as compared to recent prior periods. The higher unit sales during the three months ended March 31, 2023 resulted in a significant increase of inventory stocking at specialty pharmacy customers at March 31, 2023. During the remainder of 2023, although there was continued destocking at specialty pharmacy customers, inventory levels remained elevated relative to inventory levels prior to the entrance of generic competition and remained elevated at March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024. Going forward, HETLIOZ net product sales may reflect lower unit sales as a result of reduction of the elevated inventory levels at specialty pharmacy customers or may be variable depending upon when specialty pharmacy customers need to purchase again. Further, HETLIOZ net product sales will likely decline in future periods, potentially significantly, related to continued generic competition in the U.S. The Company constrained HETLIOZ net product sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 to an amount not probable of significant revenue reversal. The amount of revenue recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 related to changes in estimates on revenue constrained during the second quarter of 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. The amount of revenue recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to changes in estimates on revenue constrained during the year ended December 31, 2023 was million. HETLIOZ net product sales could experience variability in future periods as the remaining uncertainties associated with variable consideration related to inventory stocking by specialty pharmacy customers are resolved. 
 Major Customers 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 of total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were four major customers that each accounted for more than 10 of accounts receivable and, as a group, represented of total accounts receivable at September 30, 2024. Receivables are carried at transaction price net of allowance for credit losses. Allowance for credit losses is measured using historical loss rates based on the aging of receivables and incorporating current conditions and forward-looking estimates. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 3. 
 million consisting of cash paid to Janssen and acquisition-related transaction costs. The Purchase Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants, as well as standard mutual indemnities covering losses arising from any material breach of the Purchase Agreement or inaccuracy of representations and warranties. Janssen has agreed to indemnify the Company against losses arising from its activities prior to the closing, and the Company has agreed to indemnify Janssen against losses arising from the Company s activities pertaining to PONVORY after the closing. Simultaneously and in connection with the Purchase Agreement, the parties also entered into certain supporting agreements, including a customary transition agreement, pursuant to which, during a transition period, Janssen will continue PONVORY operations. The Company announced in May 2024 that ownership of the U.S. New Drug Application (NDA) and Investigational New Drug applications for PONVORY had been transferred to Vanda from a Johnson Johnson Company, fully allowing the Company to commercialize PONVORY in the U.S. 
 The acquisition of PONVORY has been accounted for as an asset acquisition in accordance with ASC 805-50 because substantially all of the fair value of the assets acquired is concentrated in a single asset, the PONVORY product rights. The PONVORY products rights consist of certain patents and trademarks, regulatory approvals, marketing assets, and other records, and are considered a single asset as they are inextricably linked. The total consideration of million was fully allocated to the acquired intangible asset for the U.S. and Canadian rights to PONVORY . The straight-line method is used to amortize the intangible asset, as disclosed in Note 7, Intangible Assets . 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 ) Corporate debt ) Total marketable securities ) 
 The following is a summary of the Company s available-for-sale marketable securities as of December 31, 2023, which all have contractual maturities of less than two years: 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Market Value (in thousands) U.S. Treasury and government agencies ) Corporate debt ) Total marketable securities ) 
 
 5. 
 Corporate debt Total assets measured at fair value 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate debt Total assets measured at fair value 
 Total assets measured at fair value as of September 30, 2024 include cash equivalents. Total assets measured at fair value as of December 31, 2023 include million cash equivalents. 
 The Company also has financial assets and liabilities not required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis, which primarily consist of cash, accounts receivable, restricted cash, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and product revenue allowances, the carrying values of which materially approximate their fair values. 
 
 6. 
 Finished goods Total inventory, current Non-Current assets Raw materials Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventory, non-current Total inventory 
 Inventory, which is recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value, includes the cost of third-party manufacturing and other direct and indirect costs and is valued using the first-in, first-out method. The Company evaluates the risk of excess inventory and product expiry by evaluating current and future product demand relative to product shelf life, taking into account all possible alternative uses for the inventory available in the ordinary course of business. The Company builds demand forecasts by considering factors such as, but not limited to, overall market potential, market share, market acceptance, patient usage, and generic competition. The Company s inventory balance included million and million of Fanapt product and million and million of HETLIOZ product as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 7. 
 million to BMS. In April 2018, the Company met its final milestone under its license agreement with BMS when cumulative worldwide sales of HETLIOZ reached million. As a result of the achievement of this milestone, the Company made a payment to BMS of million in 2018. These milestone payments were determined to be additional consideration for the acquisition of HETLIOZ and capitalized as an intangible asset and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic useful life of the related product patents. 
 PONVORY . On December 7, 2023, the Company acquired the U.S. and Canadian rights to PONVORY from Janssen. The total purchase price was allocated to the acquired intangible asset for the U.S. and Canadian rights to PONVORY . See Note 3, PONVORY Acquisition , for additional details. The PONVORY intangible asset is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic useful life of the related product rights. During the first quarter of 2024, the estimated useful life 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 PONVORY 
 2042 Total amortizing intangible assets 
 The following is a summary of the Company s amortizing intangible assets as of December 31, 2023: 
 December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Estimated Useful Life Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount HETLIOZ 
 2035 PONVORY 
 2035 Total amortizing intangible assets 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company also had million of fully amortized intangible assets related to Fanapt . 
 Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful economic life using the straight-line method. Amortization expense was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 PONVORY 
 Total amortizing intangible assets 
 
 8. 
 Consulting and other professional fees Compensation and employee benefits Operating lease liabilities Royalties payable Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 9. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 of net sales through December 2019 related to manufacturing know-how. The Company is also obligated to pay Sanofi a fixed royalty on Fanapt net sales equal to on Sanofi know-how not related to manufacturing under certain conditions for a period of up to years in markets where the new chemical entity (NCE) patent has expired or was not issued. The Company is obligated to pay this royalty on net sales in the U.S. through November 2026. 
 HETLIOZ . In February 2004, the Company entered into a license agreement with BMS under which it received an exclusive worldwide license under certain patents and patent applications, and other licenses to intellectual property, to develop and commercialize HETLIOZ . As of September 30, 2024, the Company has paid BMS million in upfront fees and milestone obligations, including million of regulatory approval and commercial milestones capitalized as intangible assets (see Note 7, Intangible Assets ). The Company has remaining milestone obligations to BMS. Additionally, the Company is obligated to make royalty payments on HETLIOZ net sales to BMS. The royalty period in each territory where the Company commercializes HETLIOZ is years following the first commercial sale in the territory. In territories outside the U.S., the royalty is on net sales. In the U.S., the royalty on net sales decreased from to in December 2022. This U.S. royalty ended in April 2024. The Company is also obligated under the license agreement to pay BMS a percentage of any sublicense fees, upfront payments and milestone and other payments (excluding royalties) that it receives from a third party in connection with any sublicensing arrangement, at a rate which is in the . The Company is obligated to use its commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize HETLIOZ . 
 Tradipitant. In April 2012, the Company entered into a license agreement with Eli Lilly and Company (Lilly) pursuant to which the Company acquired an exclusive worldwide license under certain patents and patent applications, and other licenses to intellectual property, to develop and commercialize an NK-1 receptor antagonist, tradipitant, for all human indications. Lilly is eligible to receive future payments based upon achievement of specified development, regulatory approval and commercialization milestones as well as tiered-royalties on net sales at percentage rates up to the . As of September 30, 2024, the Company has paid Lilly million in upfront fees and development milestones. These payments for upfront fees and development milestones include a million milestone paid to Lilly during the year ended December 31, 2023 for the filing of the first application for marketing authorization for tradipitant in either the U.S. or European Union (E.U.). As of September 30, 2024, remaining milestone obligations include million and million milestones for the first approval of an application for marketing authorization for tradipitant in the U.S. and E.U., respectively, and up to million for sales milestones. The Company is obligated to use its commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize tradipitant. 
 Portfolio of CFTR activators and inhibitors . In March 2017, the Company entered into a license agreement with the University of California San Francisco (UCSF), under which the Company acquired an exclusive worldwide license to develop and commercialize a portfolio of CFTR activators and inhibitors. Pursuant to the license agreement, the Company will develop and commercialize the CFTR activators and inhibitors and is responsible for all development costs, including current pre-investigational new drug development work. UCSF is eligible to receive future payments based upon achievement of specified development and commercialization milestones as well as royalties on net sales. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has paid UCSF million in upfront fees and development milestones. As of September 30, 2024, remaining milestone obligations include million for development milestones and million for future regulatory approval and sales milestones. Included in the million of development milestones are million of milestone obligations due upon the conclusion of clinical studies for each licensed product but not to exceed million in total for the CFTR portfolio. 
 VQW-765. In connection with a settlement agreement with Novartis relating to Fanapt , the Company received an exclusive worldwide license under certain patents and patent applications, and other licenses to intellectual property, to develop and commercialize VQW-765, a Phase II alpha-7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor partial agonist. Pursuant to the license agreement, the Company is obligated to use its commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize VQW-765 and is responsible 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 Other Agreements 
 Olipass. In September 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with OliPass Corporation (OliPass) to jointly develop a set of ASO molecules based on OliPass proprietary modified peptide nucleic acids. As consideration for entering into the arrangement, the Company paid OliPass an upfront fee of million, which was recorded as research and development expense in 2022. The Company is funding the research and development activities and has the option to license jointly developed intellectual property upon successful development. 
 
 Shareholder Rights Plan. On April 17, 2024, the Company s board of directors authorized and declared a dividend distribution of right (each, a Right) for each outstanding share of common stock of the Company to stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 29, 2024 (the Record Date). Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company, subject to certain conditions which have not yet occurred, one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Preferred Stock), of the Company at an exercise price of (the Exercise Price), subject to adjustment. The complete terms of the Rights are set forth in a Rights Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2024, between the Company and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent (the Rights Agent), as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Rights Agreement, and that certain Amendment No. 2 to the Rights Agreement, each, by and between the Company and the Rights Agent (as amended, the Rights Agreement). 
 In general terms, subject to certain enumerated exceptions, the Rights Agreement works by imposing a significant penalty upon any person or group that acquires beneficial ownership of or more of the shares of common stock without the prior approval of the board of directors. In general, any person will be deemed to beneficially own any securities (a) as to which such person has any agreement, arrangement or understanding with another person for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of any shares of Common Stock or (b) that are the subject of a derivative transaction or constitute a derivative security. As a result, the overall effect of the Rights Agreement and the issuance of the Rights may be to render more difficult or discourage a merger, tender or exchange offer or other business combination involving the Company that is not approved by the board of directors. However, neither the Rights Agreement nor the Rights should interfere with any merger, tender or exchange offer or other business combination approved by the board of directors. 
 Lease Agreements. In August 2024, the Company entered into a master lease agreement for vehicles to be utilized by the Company's sales force. As of September 30, 2024, none of the individual vehicle leases had been executed, none of the vehicles had been delivered, and no amounts have been paid pertaining to the vehicle leases. The individual car leases will commence upon delivery of the vehicles, which is expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2024. Total fixed payments under this contract are estimated to total million, payable over initial terms of , and subject to change upon finalization of each vehicle lease contract. For further information regarding the Company's lease agreements, see Note 8, Leases, to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 In the course of its business, the Company regularly enters into agreements with third-party vendors under fee service arrangements, which generally may be terminated on days notice without incurring additional charges, other than charges for work completed or materials procured but not paid for through the effective date of termination and other costs incurred by the Company s contractors in closing out work in progress as of the effective date of termination. The Company s non-cancellable purchase commitments for agreements longer than one year primarily relate to commitments for data services. Various other long-term agreements entered into for services with other third-party vendors, such as inventory purchase commitments, are cancellable in nature or contain variable commitment terms within the agreement. 
 
 10. 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities 
 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 shares subject to outstanding options and restricted stock units (RSUs) under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (2006 Plan) and the Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (2016 Plan, and together with the 2006 Plan, Plans). The 2006 Plan expired by its terms in April 2016, and the Company adopted the 2016 Plan. Outstanding options under the 2006 Plan remain in effect and the terms of the 2006 Plan continue to apply, but no additional awards can be granted under the 2006 Plan. In June 2016, the Company s stockholders approved the 2016 Plan. The 2016 Plan has been amended a number of times since to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance, among other administrative changes. Each of the amendments to the 2016 Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders. There is a total of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2016 Plan, shares of which remained available for future grant as of September 30, 2024. 
 Stock Options 
 The Company has granted option awards under the Plans with service conditions (service option awards) that are subject to terms and conditions established by the compensation committee of the board of directors. Service option awards have -year contractual terms. Service option awards granted to employees and new directors upon their election vest and become exercisable over , with the first of the shares subject to service option awards vesting on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining of the shares subject to the service option awards in equal monthly installments thereafter. Subsequent annual service option awards granted to directors vest and become exercisable in full on the first anniversary of the grant date. Service option awards granted to executive officers and certain other employees provide for partial acceleration of vesting if the executive officer or employee is subject to an involuntary termination, and full acceleration of vesting if the executive officer or employee is subject to an involuntary termination within months after a change in control of the Company. Service option awards granted to directors provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control of the Company or if the director s service terminates as a result of the director s death or total and permanent disability. 
 As of September 30, 2024, million of unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested service option awards are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. No option awards are classified as a liability as of September 30, 2024. 
 Granted Expired ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 
 The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted was and per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. There were proceeds from the exercise of stock options for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 An RSU is a stock award that entitles the holder to receive shares of the Company s common stock as the award vests. The fair value of each RSU is based on the closing price of the Company s stock on the date of grant. The Company has granted RSUs under the Plans with service conditions (service RSUs) that are subject to terms and conditions established by the compensation committee of the board of directors. Service RSUs granted to employees and new directors upon their election vest in equal annual installments. Subsequent annual service RSUs granted to directors vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant. Service RSUs granted to executive officers and certain other employees provide for accelerated vesting if the executive officer or employee is subject to an involuntary termination within months after a change in control. Service RSUs granted to directors provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control of the Company. 
 As of September 30, 2024, million of unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested service RSUs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. No RSUs are classified as a liability as of September 30, 2024. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 
 The grant date fair value for the shares underlying RSUs that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Selling, general and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. Expected volatility rates are based on the historical volatility of the Company s publicly traded common stock and other factors. The expected terms are determined based on a combination of historical exercise data and hypothetical exercise data for unexercised stock options. The risk-free interest rates are based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant. The Company has never paid cash dividends to its stockholders and does not plan to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Weighted average expected volatility Weighted average expected term (years) Weighted average risk-free rate 
 
 12. 
 million and million, respectively. The income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was primarily driven by the estimated effective tax rate for the year, as well as discrete income tax expense of million. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of million and a provision for income taxes of million, respectively. The income tax expense (benefit) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was primarily driven by the estimated effective tax rate for the year, as well as discrete income tax expense of million and million, respectively. 
 The Company assesses the need for a valuation allowance against its deferred tax asset each quarter through the review of all available positive and negative evidence. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a tax valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The analysis is highly dependent upon historical and projected pretax income. As of September 30, 2024, after considering all available positive and negative evidence, including but not limited to cumulative income in recent periods, historical, current and future projected results and significant risks and uncertainties related to forecasts, the Company concluded, consistent with prior 
 20 

Table of Contents 

13.) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding, basic Effect of dilutive securities Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted Net income (loss) per share, basic and diluted: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Antidilutive securities excluded from calculations of diluted net income (loss) per share 
 The Company incurred a net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 causing inclusion of any potentially dilutive securities to have an anti-dilutive effect, resulting in dilutive loss per share and basic loss per share attributable to common stockholders being equivalent. 
 
 14. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 22 

Table of Contents 

 23 

Table of Contents 

 24 

Table of Contents 

25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (we, our, us or Vanda) is a leading global biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative therapies to address high unmet medical needs and improve the lives of patients. 
 We strive to advance novel approaches to bring important new medicines to market through responsible innovation. We are committed to the use of technologies that support sound science, including genetics and genomics, in drug discovery, clinical trials and the commercial positioning of our products. 
 Our commercial portfolio is currently comprised of three products, Fanapt for the acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder and the treatment of schizophrenia, HETLIOZ for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (Non-24) and for the treatment of nighttime sleep disturbances in Smith-Magenis Syndrome (SMS), and PONVORY for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS) to include clinically isolated syndrome, relapsing-remitting disease and active secondary progressive disease, in adults. HETLIOZ is the first product approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for patients with Non-24 and for patients with SMS. In addition, we have a number of drugs in development, including: 
 Milsaperidone (VHX-896), the active metabolite of Fanapt (iloperidone), for the acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder and for the treatment of schizophrenia and major depressive disorder; 
 Fanapt (iloperidone) long acting injectable (LAI) formulation for the treatment of schizophrenia; 
 HETLIOZ (tasimelteon) for the treatment of jet lag disorder, insomnia, pediatric insomnia, delayed sleep phase disorder (DSPD) and pediatric Non-24; 
 PONVORY (ponesimod) for the treatment of psoriasis and ulcerative colitis; 
 Tradipitant (VLY-686), a small molecule neurokinin-1 (NK-1) receptor antagonist, for the treatment of gastroparesis, motion sickness and atopic dermatitis; 
 Portfolio of Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) activators and inhibitors, including VSJ-110 for the treatment of dry eye and ocular inflammation and VPO-227 for the treatment of secretory diarrhea disorders, including cholera; 
 VTR-297, a small molecule histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor for the treatment of onychomycosis and hematologic malignancies and with potential use as a treatment for several oncology indications; 
 VQW-765, a small molecule nicotinic acetylcholine receptor partial agonist, for the treatment of social/performance anxiety and psychiatric disorders; and 
 Antisense oligonucleotide (ASO) molecules, including VCA-894A for the treatment of Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease, Type 2S (CMT2S), caused by cryptic slice site variants within the IGHMBP2 gene. 
 Operational Highlights 
 Psychiatry Portfolio 
 Fanapt : We initiated the commercial launch of Fanapt for the acute treatment of bipolar I disorder in adults in the third quarter of 2024, which included the expansion of our existing sales force and the introduction of prescriber awareness and comprehensive marketing programs. Several lead indicators suggest a strong initial market response including new patient starts as reflected by new to brand prescriptions (NBRx), increasing by over 90 in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 Milsaperidone: We expect to submit a New Drug Application (NDA) for milsaperidone (also known as VHX-896 and P-88), the active metabolite of Fanapt , for the treatments of schizophrenia and acute bipolar I disorder to the FDA in early 2025. We expect to initiate a Phase III program for milsaperidone for major depressive disorder (MDD) by the end of 2024. 
 Iloperidone LAI: We expect to initiate a Phase III program for the LAI formulation of Fanapt in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 HETLIOZ 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We have initiated a HETLIOZ LQ program in pediatric insomnia. Although the prevalence of insomnia in children is difficult to determine, it is estimated that 20-40 of children experience significant sleep problems. There are currently no approved treatments for pediatric insomnia. 
 We continue to pursue FDA approval for HETLIOZ for the treatments of jet lag disorder and insomnia. We are challenging the FDA s rejection of our supplemental New Drug Application (sNDA) for the treatment of jet lag disorder in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. We have accepted the opportunity for a hearing with the FDA on the approvability of the insomnia sNDA. 
 Our litigation asserting HETLIOZ Patent No. 11,285,129 against generic manufacturers is currently pending in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. A jury trial has been scheduled for the first quarter of 2026. 
 European Medicines Agency action on our Marketing Authorization Application for HETLIOZ and HETLIOZ LQ for SMS is expected in the first quarter of 2025. 
 PONVORY 
 We initiated the commercial launch of PONVORY for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis in the third quarter of 2024, which included the deployment of a specialty sales force. 
 We expect IND applications for PONVORY in the treatments of psoriasis and ulcerative colitis to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Tradipitant 
 Gastroparesis NDA: In September 2024, the FDA declined to approve our NDA for tradipitant for the treatment of symptoms of gastroparesis. We plan to continue to pursue the marketing authorization for tradipitant and support the expanded access program that is currently serving several dozen patients with gastroparesis. 
 Motion Sickness NDA: We expect to submit an NDA for tradipitant for the treatment of motion sickness to the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2024. The NDA for the treatment of motion sickness is expected to include the positive results of three placebo controlled clinical studies where tradipitant was effective in preventing vomiting associated with motion. 
 We plan to initiate a clinical trial to study tradipitant in the prevention of vomiting induced by a GLP-1 analog (semaglutide) in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Early-Stage Programs 
 We plan to proceed with studies of VSJ-110, a CFTR activator, for the treatment of dry eye disorder. An ongoing proof of concept study indicates an effect in improving the signs (fluorescein corneal staining) of dry eye disease. 
 VPO-227, a CFTR inhibitor for the treatment of cholera, has received approval to proceed in a Phase I study in Bangladesh, a country where the treatment of cholera remains a significant and unmet need. We plan to initiate this study by the end of 2024. 
 The Phase I clinical study for VCA-894A for the treatment of a patient with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, axonal, type 2S (CMT2S), an inherited peripheral neuropathy for which there is no available treatment, expects to enroll the patient by the end of 2024. 
 The Phase I clinical study for VTR-297 for the treatment of onychomycosis, a fungal infection of the nail, was initiated in April 2024. The study is fully enrolled, and results are expected by the end of 2024. 
 VQW-765, an alpha-7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor partial agonist, is currently in clinical development for the treatment of acute performance anxiety in social situations. 
 Since we began operations, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to the in-licensing, clinical development and commercialization of our products. Our ability to generate meaningful product sales and achieve profitability largely depends on our level of success in commercializing Fanapt and HETLIOZ in the U.S. and Europe and PONVORY in the U.S. and Canada, on our ability, alone or with others, to complete the development of our products, and to obtain the regulatory approvals for and to manufacture, market and sell our products. The results of our operations will vary significantly from year-to-year and quarter-to-quarter and depend on a number of factors, including risks related to our business, risks related to our industry, and other risks that are detailed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of our annual report on Form 10-K (Annual Report) for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Quarterly Report. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reported periods. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies including estimates, assumptions and judgments from those described in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , included in the Annual Report. A summary of our significant accounting policies appears in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report. However, we believe that the following accounting policies are important to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results as they involve the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements, and we have accordingly included them in this discussion. 
 Revenue from net product sales . We account for a contract when it has approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. We recognize revenue when control of the product is transferred to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those product sales, which is typically once the product physically arrives at the customer. 
 Fanapt is available in the U.S. for distribution through a limited number of wholesalers and is available in retail pharmacies. HETLIOZ is available in the U.S. for distribution through a limited number of specialty pharmacies and is not available in retail pharmacies. PONVORY is available in the U.S. for distribution primarily through specialty distributors and specialty pharmacies. We invoice and record revenue when customers, wholesalers, specialty pharmacies and specialty distributors, receive product from the third-party logistics warehouse, which is the point at which control is transferred to the customer. Revenues and accounts receivable are concentrated with these customers. Outside the U.S., we have a distribution agreement for the commercialization of Fanapt in Israel and sell HETLIOZ in Germany. Receivables are carried at transaction price net of allowance for credit losses. Allowance for credit losses is measured using historical loss rates based on the aging of receivables and incorporating current conditions and forward-looking estimates. 
 The transaction price is determined based upon the consideration to which we will be entitled in exchange for transferring product to the customer. Our product sales are recorded net of applicable product revenue allowances for which reserves are established and include discounts, rebates, chargebacks, service fees, co-pay assistance and product returns that are applicable for various government and commercial payors. Where appropriate, our estimates of variable consideration included in the transaction price consider a range of possible outcomes. Allowances for rebates, chargebacks and co-pay assistance are based upon the insurance benefits of the end customer, which are estimated using historical activity and, where available, actual and pending prescriptions for which we have validated the insurance benefits. Variable consideration may be constrained and is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. Overall, these reserves reflect our best estimates of the amount of consideration to which we are entitled based on the terms of the respective underlying contracts. If actual results in the future vary from our estimates, we adjust our estimate in the period identified, which would affect net product sales in the period such variances become known. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we constrained the variable consideration for HETLIOZ net product sales. The constrained revenue relates to the uncertainties of payor utilization, patient demand and chargeback and rebate amounts, including Medicaid, and other reserves related to transactions that resulted in elevated levels of inventory at specialty pharmacy customers. 
 Reserves for variable consideration are classified as product revenue allowances on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, with the exception of prompt-pay discounts, which are classified as reductions of accounts receivable. The reserve for product returns for which the product may not be returned for a period of greater than one year from the balance sheet date is included as a component of other non-current liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Uncertainties related to variable consideration are generally resolved in the quarter subsequent to period end, with the exception of Medicaid rebates, which are dependent upon the timing of when states submit reimbursement claims, Medicare inflationary rebates, and product returns that are resolved during the product expiry period specified in the customer contract. Due to transactions that resulted in increased inventory stocking at specialty pharmacy customers of HETLIOZ in 2024 and 2023, the time it takes to resolve these uncertainties is expected to be longer than we have historically experienced. We currently record sales allowances for the following: 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Prompt-pay: Specialty pharmacies and wholesalers are generally offered discounts for prompt payment. We expect that the specialty pharmacies and wholesalers will earn prompt payment discounts and, therefore, deduct the full amount of these discounts from total product sales when revenues are recognized. 
 Rebates: Allowances for rebates include mandated discounts under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program as well as contracted rebate programs with other payors, including the new Medicare Part D inflationary rebate effective October 1, 2022. Rebate amounts owed after the final dispensing of the product to a benefit plan participant are based upon contractual agreements or legal requirements with public sector benefit providers, such as Medicaid and Medicare. The allowances for rebates are based on statutory or contracted discount rates and estimated patient utilization. 
 Chargebacks: Chargebacks are discounts that occur when contracted indirect customers purchase directly from specialty pharmacies and wholesalers. Contracted indirect customers, which currently consist primarily of Public Health Service institutions and federal government entities purchasing via the Federal Supply Schedule, generally purchase the product at a discounted price. The specialty pharmacy or wholesaler, in turn, charges back the difference between the price initially paid by the specialty pharmacy or wholesaler and the discounted price paid to the specialty pharmacy or wholesaler by the contracted customer. 
 Medicare Part D coverage gap: The Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit requires manufacturers to fund approximately 70 of the Medicare Part D insurance coverage gap for prescription drugs sold to eligible patients for applicable drugs. We account for the Medicare Part D coverage gap using a point of sale model. Estimates for expected Medicare Part D coverage gap are based in part on historical activity and, where available, actual and pending prescriptions when we have validated the insurance benefits. Beginning January 1, 2025, the Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program will be replaced with a new discounting program under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The implementation of the new discounting program is expected to result in higher discounts for our Medicare payor segment relative to the current Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit program. 
 Service fees: We receive sales order management, data and distribution services from certain customers, for which we are assessed fees. These fees are based on contracted terms and are known amounts. We accrue service fees at the time of revenue recognition, resulting in a reduction of product sales and the recognition of an accrued liability, unless it is a payment for a distinct good or service from the customer in which case the fair value of those distinct goods or services are recorded as selling, general and administrative expense. 
 Co-pay assistance: Patients who have commercial insurance and meet certain eligibility requirements may receive co-pay assistance. Co-pay assistance utilization is based on information provided by our third-party administrator. 
 Product returns: We generally offer direct customers a limited right to return as contractually defined with our customers. We consider several factors in the estimation process, including expiration dates of product shipped to customers, inventory levels within the distribution channel, product shelf life, historical return activity, including activity for product sold for which the return period has past, prescription trends and other relevant factors. We do not expect returned products to be resalable. There was no right of return asset as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 The following table summarizes sales discounts and allowance activity as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 (in thousands) Rebates Chargebacks Discounts, Returns and Other Total Balances at December 31, 2023 
 40,151 10,427 50,578 Provision related to current period sales 57,526 22,237 79,763 Adjustments for prior period sales (3,251) 11 (3,240) Credits/payments made (53,027) (22,955) (75,982) Balances at September 30, 2024 
 41,399 9,720 51,119 
 The provision of 57.5 million for rebates and chargebacks for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and its ending balance at September 30, 2024 primarily represents Medicaid rebates applicable to sales of Fanapt and, to a lesser extent, HETLIOZ . The provision of 22.2 million for discounts, returns and other for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily represents wholesaler distribution fees applicable to sales of Fanapt and estimated product returns of Fanapt , and co-pay assistance costs and prompt-pay discounts across our commercial products. 
 Stock-based compensation . Compensation costs for all stock-based awards to employees and directors are measured based on the grant date fair value of those awards and recognized over the period during which the employee or director is required to perform service in exchange for the award. We use the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options. The determination of the fair value of stock options on the date of grant using an option pricing model is 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include the expected stock price volatility over the expected term of the awards, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. Expected volatility rates are based on the historical volatility of our publicly traded common stock and other factors. The risk-free interest rates are based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant. We have never paid cash dividends to our stockholders and do not plan to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. As stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, it has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
 Research and development expenses . Research and development expenses consist primarily of fees for services provided by third parties in connection with the clinical trials, costs of contract manufacturing services for clinical trial use, milestone payments made under licensing agreements prior to regulatory approval, costs of materials used in clinical trials and research and development, costs for regulatory consultants and filings, depreciation of capital resources used to develop products, related facilities costs, and salaries, other employee-related costs and stock-based compensation for research and development personnel. We expense research and development costs as they are incurred for products in the development stage, including manufacturing costs and milestone payments made under license agreements prior to FDA approval. Upon and subsequent to FDA approval, manufacturing and milestone payments made under license agreements are capitalized. Milestone payments are accrued when it is deemed probable that the milestone event will be achieved. Costs related to the acquisition of intellectual property are expensed as incurred if the underlying technology is developed in connection with our research and development efforts and has no alternative future use. 
 Clinical trials are inherently complex, often involve multiple service providers and can include payments made to investigator physicians at study sites. Because billing for services often lags delivery of service by a substantial amount of time, we often are required to estimate a significant portion of our accrued clinical expenses. Our assessments include, but are not limited to: (i) an evaluation by the project manager of the work that has been completed during the period, (ii) measurement of progress prepared internally and/or provided by the third-party service provider, (iii) analyses of data that justify the progress, and (iv) management s judgment. In the event that we do not identify certain costs that have begun to be incurred or we under- or over-estimate the level of services performed or the costs of such services, our reported expenses for such period would be too low or too high. 
 Intangible assets and impairment of long-lived assets . Our intangible assets consist of capitalized license costs for products approved by the FDA or costs to acquire already commercialized products. We amortize our intangible assets on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful economic life of the related product patents. We assess the impairment of intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors we consider important that could trigger an impairment review include significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results, a significant adverse change in legal or regulatory factors that could affect the value or patent life including our ability to defend and enforce patent claims and other intellectual property rights and significant negative industry or economic trends. When we determine that the carrying value of our intangible assets may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of the indicators of impairment, we measure any impairment based on the amount that carrying value exceeds fair value. 
 As a result of the unfavorable events and subsequent developments in 2022 and 2023 related to the HETLIOZ patent litigation (see Note 14, Legal Matters , to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (Quarterly Report)) we performed impairment reviews for our HETLIOZ asset group in those years and determined, based upon our review of undiscounted cash flows, that the carrying value of our HETLIOZ asset group, inclusive of the intangible asset, is recoverable. Accordingly, we have not recorded an intangible asset impairment charge in any period. The litigation and subsequent developments do not affect the sale of HETLIOZ in the E.U. and there is no generic litigation pending outside of the U.S. with respect to HETLIOZ . Furthermore, the litigation and subsequent events do not relate to the HETLIOZ LQ oral suspension formulation. Our expected cash flows continue to support our estimated useful economic life of the intangible asset through 2035. 
 Income taxes. We assess the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets each quarter through the review of all available positive and negative evidence. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a tax valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The analysis is highly dependent upon historical and projected taxable income. Since 2018, we have generated annual pretax income in the U.S. Projected taxable income includes significant assumptions related to revenue, commercial expenses and research and development activities, which could be affected by the HETLIOZ generic competition, the commercial launches of Fanapt in bipolar disorder and PONVORY in relapsing forms of MS, and our ability to obtain regulatory approval from the FDA for 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 products or new indications in development, among other factors. Tax benefits are recognized from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit recognized in the financial statements for a particular tax position is based on the largest benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I of this Quarterly Report for information on recent accounting pronouncements. 
 Results of Operations 
 We anticipate that our results of operations will fluctuate for the foreseeable future due to several factors, including our and our partners ability to continue to successfully commercialize our products, including activities related to the approval of Fanapt for the acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder in adults in April 2024 and acquired rights to PONVORY in the U.S. and Canada in December 2023, any possible payments made or received pursuant to license agreements, progress of our research and development efforts, the timing and outcome of clinical trials and related possible regulatory approvals and the status of existing and future potential litigation involving our products and intellectual property. 
 For HETLIOZ , the FDA has approved ANDAs for Teva and Apotex, both of which have since launched their generic versions of HETLIOZ at risk in the U.S. In December 2022, the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (Delaware District Court) ruled in favor of Teva and Apotex in our patent litigation relating to their filing of ANDAs for generic versions of HETLIOZ in the U.S. The Federal Circuit affirmed this ruling, and the U.S. Supreme Court denied our petition for a writ of certiorari in April 2024. The FDA has also approved the ANDA for MSN Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and MSN Laboratories Private Limited (MSN). The license agreement that we entered into when we settled our patent litigation with MSN (MSN/Impax License Agreement) grants MSN and Impax Laboratories LLC (Impax) a non-exclusive license to manufacture and commercialize MSN s generic version of HETLIOZ in the U.S. effective as of March 13, 2035, unless prior to that date we obtain pediatric exclusivity for HETLIOZ , in which case the license will be effective as of July 27, 2035, or earlier under certain limited circumstances. In January 2023, MSN and its commercial partner, Amneal Pharmaceuticals, Inc., informed us of their belief that such circumstances had occurred and have since launched their generic version. In April 2024, we filed litigation against MSN, Impax, and Amneal alleging fraudulent inducement of the license agreement. See Note 14, Legal Matters , to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I of this Quarterly Report. HETLIOZ could face even more competition from other generic companies in the U.S. in the near term in light of the patent litigation rulings against us. In addition, sales of generic versions of HETLIOZ have resulted in and could continue to result in a reduction in the demand for HETLIOZ and/or the price at which we can sell it and/or create volatility in net product sales in future periods, which could have a material impact on our revenues and results of operations. 
 On September 18, 2024, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) declined to approve Vanda s New Drug Application (NDA) of tradipitant for the treatment of symptoms in gastroparesis, providing Vanda with a Complete Response Letter (CRL). Vanda will continue to pursue the marketing authorization for tradipitant and will continue to support the expanded access program that is currently serving several dozen patients with gastroparesis. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues . Total revenues increased by 8.8 million, or 23 , to 47.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 38.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Revenues were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Change Percent Fanapt net product sales 
 23,919 21,315 2,604 12 HETLIOZ net product sales 
 17,870 17,500 370 2 PONVORY net product sales 
 5,862 5,862 N/A Total net product sales 47,651 38,815 8,836 23 
 Fanapt net product sales increased by 2.6 million, or 12 , to 23.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 21.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase to net product sales was attributable to an increase in price net of deductions and volume. We initiated the commercial launch of Fanapt for bipolar I disorder in adults in the third quarter of 2024. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 HETLIOZ net product sales increased by 0.4 million, or 2 , to 17.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 17.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase to net product sales was attributable to an increase in volume, partially offset by a decrease in price net of deductions, including the impact of changes in constrained revenue. Our HETLIOZ net product sales as reported for the three months ended March 31, 2023 reflected higher unit sales as compared to recent prior periods. The higher unit sales during the three months ended March 31, 2023 resulted in a significant increase of inventory stocking at specialty pharmacy customers at March 31, 2023. During the remainder of 2023, although there was continued destocking at specialty pharmacy customers, inventory levels remained elevated relative to inventory levels prior to the entrance of generic competition and remained elevated at March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024. Going forward, HETLIOZ net product sales may reflect lower unit sales as a result of reduction of the elevated inventory levels at specialty pharmacy customers or may be variable depending upon when specialty pharmacy customers need to purchase again. Further, HETLIOZ net product sales will likely decline in future periods, potentially significantly, related to continued generic competition in the U.S. We constrained HETLIOZ net product sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 to an amount not probable of significant revenue reversal. The amount of revenue recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 related to changes in estimates on revenue constrained during the second quarter of 2024 and 2023 was 0.8 million and 0.3 million, respectively. HETLIOZ net product sales could experience variability in future periods as the remaining uncertainties associated with variable consideration related to inventory stocking by specialty pharmacy customers are resolved. 
 In December 2023, we completed the acquisition of the U.S. and Canadian rights to PONVORY from Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (Janssen), a Johnson Johnson Company. PONVORY net product sales decreased by 2.8 million, or 32 , to 5.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 8.6 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024. The decrease in net product sales was attributable to a decrease in volume and price net of deductions. We initiated the commercial launch of PONVORY in relapsing forms of MS in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Cost of goods sold. Cost of goods sold decreased by 0.5 million, or 17 , to 2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Cost of goods sold includes third-party manufacturing costs of product sold, third-party royalty costs and distribution and other costs. Third-party royalty costs were 6 of Fanapt net product sales and 5 of HETLIOZ net product sales in Germany. Third-party royalty costs on HETLIOZ net product sales in the U.S. decreased from 10 to 5 in December 2022 and ended in April 2024. We evaluate the risk of excess inventory and product expiry by evaluating current and future product demand relative to product shelf life and build demand forecasts by considering factors such as, but not limited to, overall market potential, market share, market acceptance, patient usage, and generic competition. Our inventory balance included 2.1 million and 3.0 million of Fanapt product and 7.3 million and 7.2 million of HETLIOZ product as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Research and development expenses. Research and development expenses increased by 0.2 million, or 1.1 , to 16.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 16.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in expenses associated with our milsaperidone development program partially offset by expenses associated with our tradipitant development program. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the costs of our product development initiatives for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Direct project costs (1) Fanapt 
 1,876 3,316 Milsaperidone 
 2,864 620 HETLIOZ 
 2,840 2,150 PONVORY 
 1,027 Tradipitant 4,392 6,903 VTR-297 712 390 CFTR 806 310 VQW-765 194 165 Other 318 1,006 Total direct project costs 15,029 14,860 Indirect project costs (1) Stock-based compensation 703 739 Other indirect overhead 1,044 1,001 Total indirect project costs 1,747 1,740 Total research and development expense 16,776 16,600 
 (1) We record direct costs, including personnel costs and related benefits, on a project-by-project basis. Many of our research and development costs are not attributable to any individual project because we share resources across several development projects. We record indirect costs that support a number of our research and development activities in the aggregate, including stock-based compensation. 
 We expect to incur significant research and development expenses as we continue to develop our products. In addition, we expect to incur licensing costs in the future that could be substantial, as we continue our efforts to expand our product pipeline. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 12.8 million, or 52 , to 37.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 24.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily the result of an increase in spending on commercial activities related to our commercial launches of Fanapt in bipolar disorder and PONVORY in relapsing forms of MS, as well as legal and other corporate activities. During the first nine months of 2024, we commenced a host of commercial activities as part of our commercial launches of Fanapt in bipolar disorder and PONVORY in multiple sclerosis, including an expansion of our sales force and the development of prescriber awareness and comprehensive marketing programs. Selling, general and administrative expenses may increase in future periods as a result of the ongoing commercial launches of Fanapt in bipolar disorder and PONVORY in relapsing forms of MS, which were initiated in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Intangible asset amortization . Intangible asset amortization was 1.8 million and 0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense increased in 2024 due to amortization on the intangible asset from the rights to PONVORY in the U.S. and Canada which were acquired in December 2023. 
 Other income . Other income was 4.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Other income primarily consists of investment income on our marketable securities. 
 Provision for income taxes. An income tax benefit of 0.9 million and 0.3 million was recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The income tax benefit for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was primarily driven by the estimated effective tax rate for the year as well as discrete income tax expense of 0.2 million. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues . Total revenues decreased by 1.8 million, or 1 , to 145.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 147.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Revenues were as follows: 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Change Percent Fanapt net product sales 
 67,648 68,274 (626) (1) HETLIOZ net product sales 
 56,631 79,095 (22,464) (28) PONVORY net product sales 
 21,308 21,308 N/A Total net product sales 145,587 147,369 (1,782) (1) 
 Fanapt net product sales decreased by 0.6 million, or 1 , to 67.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 68.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease to net product sales was attributable to a decrease in volume, partially offset by an increase in price net of deductions. We initiated the commercial launch of Fanapt for bipolar I disorder in adults in the third quarter of 2024. 
 HETLIOZ net product sales decreased by 22.5 million, or 28 , to 56.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 79.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease to net product sales was attributable to a decrease in volume, partially offset by an increase in price net of deductions. Our HETLIOZ net product sales as reported for the three months ended March 31, 2023 reflected higher unit sales as compared to recent prior periods. The higher unit sales during the three months ended March 31, 2023 resulted in a significant increase of inventory stocking at specialty pharmacy customers at March 31, 2023. During the remainder of 2023, although there was continued destocking at specialty pharmacy customers, inventory levels remained elevated relative to inventory levels prior to the entrance of generic competition and remained elevated at March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024. Going forward, HETLIOZ net product sales may reflect lower unit sales as a result of reduction of the elevated inventory levels at specialty pharmacy customers or may be variable depending on when specialty pharmacy customers need to purchase again. Further, HETLIOZ net product sales will likely decline in future periods, potentially significantly, related to continued generic competition in the U.S. We constrained HETLIOZ net product sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 to an amount not probable of significant revenue reversal. The amount of revenue recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to changes in estimates on revenue constrained during 2023 was 1.4 million. HETLIOZ net product sales could experience variability in future periods as the remaining uncertainties associated with variable consideration related to inventory stocking by specialty pharmacy customers are resolved. 
 In December 2023, we completed the acquisition of the U.S. and Canadian rights to PONVORY from Janssen. PONVORY net product sales were 21.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We initiated the commercial launch of PONVORY in relapsing forms of MS in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Cost of goods sold. Cost of goods sold decreased by 2.6 million, or 23 , to 8.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 11.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cost of goods sold includes third-party manufacturing costs of product sold, third-party royalty costs and distribution and other costs. Third-party royalty costs were 6 of Fanapt net product sales and 5 of HETLIOZ net product sales in Germany. Third-party royalty costs on HETLIOZ net product sales in the U.S. decreased from 10 to 5 in December 2022 and ended in April 2024. We evaluate the risk of excess inventory and product expiry by evaluating current and future product demand relative to product shelf life and build demand forecasts by considering factors such as, but not limited to, overall market potential, market share, market acceptance, patient usage, and generic competition. Our inventory balance included 2.1 million and 3.0 million of Fanapt product and 7.3 million and 7.2 million of HETLIOZ product as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Research and development expenses. Research and development expenses increased by 2.1 million, or 4 , to 54.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 52.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in research and development expenses was associated an increase in expenses associated with our PONVORY and CFTR development programs, partially offset by a decrease in expenses associated with our Fanapt , tradipitant and other development programs, which include expenses incurred on product discovery such as ASO. 
 The following table summarizes the costs of our product development initiatives for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Direct project costs (1) Fanapt 
 5,848 7,934 Milsaperidone 
 4,390 2,695 HETLIOZ 
 7,271 7,078 PONVORY 
 4,052 Tradipitant 18,609 21,269 VTR-297 1,985 1,203 CFTR 4,927 1,066 VQW-765 564 805 Other 1,154 4,446 Total direct project costs 48,800 46,496 Indirect project costs (1) Stock-based compensation 2,241 2,538 Other indirect overhead 3,550 3,450 Total indirect project costs 5,791 5,988 Total research and development expense 54,591 52,484 
 
 (1) We record direct costs, including personnel costs and related benefits, on a project-by-project basis. Many of our research and development costs are not attributable to any individual project because we share resources across several development projects. We record indirect costs that support a number of our research and development activities in the aggregate, including stock-based compensation. 
 We expect to incur significant research and development expenses as we continue to develop our products. In addition, we expect to incur licensing costs in the future that could be substantial, as we continue our efforts to expand our product pipeline. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 17.9 million, or 20 , to 107.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 89.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily the result of an increase in spending on commercial activities related to our commercial launches of Fanapt in bipolar disorder and PONVORY in relapsing forms of MS, as well as legal and other corporate activities. During the first nine months of 2024, we commenced a host of commercial activities as part of our commercial launches of Fanapt in bipolar disorder and PONVORY in multiple sclerosis, including an expansion of our sales force and the development of prescriber awareness and comprehensive marketing programs. Selling, general and administrative expenses may increase in future periods as a result of the ongoing commercial launches of Fanapt in bipolar disorder and PONVORY in relapsing forms of MS, which were initiated in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Intangible asset amortization . Intangible asset amortization was 5.5 million and 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense increased in 2024 due to amortization on the intangible asset from the rights to PONVORY in the U.S. and Canada which were acquired in December 2023. 
 Other income . Other income was 14.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 14.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other income primarily consists of investment income on our marketable securities. 
 Provision for income taxes. We recorded an income tax benefit of 2.4 million and provision for income taxes of 3.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The income tax expense (benefit) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was primarily driven by the estimated effective tax rate for the year, as well as discrete income tax expense of 1.0 million and 2.1 million, respectively. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024, our total cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities were 376.3 million compared to 388.3 million at December 31, 2023. Our cash and cash equivalents are deposits in operating accounts and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less at date of purchase and consist of investments in money market funds with commercial banks and financial institutions and commercial paper of high-quality corporate issuers. Our marketable securities consist of investments in government sponsored and corporate enterprises and commercial paper. 
 Our liquidity resources as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are summarized as follows: 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents 100,497 135,821 Marketable securities: U.S. Treasury and government agencies 173,246 185,115 Corporate debt 102,518 67,328 Total marketable securities 275,764 252,443 Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 376,261 388,264 
 As of September 30, 2024, we maintained all of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities in two financial institutions. Deposits held with these institutions may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits, but we do not anticipate any losses with respect to such deposits. 
 In the normal course of our business, we regularly enter into agreements with third-party vendors under fee service arrangements which generally may be terminated on 90 days notice without incurring additional charges, other than charges for work completed or materials procured but not paid for through the effective date of termination and other costs incurred by our contractors in closing out work in progress as of the effective date of termination. Our non-cancellable purchase commitments for agreements longer than one year primarily relate to commitments for data services. Various other long-term agreements entered into for services with other third-party vendors, such as inventory purchase arrangements, are cancellable in nature or contain variable commitment terms within the agreement that are within our control. 
 We also have long-term contractual obligations related to our operating leases and license agreements. Other than the lease agreement discussed in Note 9, Commitments and Contingencies, to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to our long-term contractual obligations as disclosed in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , of our Annual Report. For further information regarding our license agreements, see Note 9, Commitments and Contingencies , to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I of this Quarterly Report. 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 Based on our current operating plans, which include costs and expenses in connection with our U.S. commercial activities, continued clinical development of tradipitant and our other products, pursuit of regulatory approval of tradipitant, pursuit of further regulatory approvals of our current approved products and payments due upon achievement of milestones under our license agreements, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and cash received from product sales will be sufficient for at least the next 12 months. Our future cash requirements and the adequacy of our available funds will depend on many factors, primarily including our ability to generate revenue, the scope and costs of our commercial, manufacturing and process development activities, the magnitude of our discovery, preclinical and clinical development programs, and potential costs to acquire or license the rights to additional products. 
 We may need or desire to obtain additional capital to finance our operations through debt, equity or alternative financing arrangements. We may also seek capital through collaborations or partnerships with other companies. The issuance of debt could require us to grant liens on certain of our assets that may limit our flexibility and debt securities may be convertible into common stock. If we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, the terms and prices for these financings may be much more favorable to the new investors than the terms obtained by our existing stockholders. These financings also may significantly dilute the ownership of our existing stockholders. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of our future activities, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. There can be no assurance that any additional financing required in the future will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flow 
 The following table summarizes our net cash flows from operating and investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net Change Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities: Net income (loss) (13,988) 4,909 (18,897) Non-cash charges 7,324 15,191 (7,867) Net change in operating assets and liabilities (7,276) (3,567) (3,709) Operating activities (13,940) 16,533 (30,473) Investing activities: Asset acquisition 
 (4,229) (4,229) Purchases of property and equipment (276) (130) (146) Net purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities (16,918) 31,857 (48,775) Investing activities (21,423) 31,727 (53,150) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 39 (103) 142 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (35,324) 48,157 (83,481) 
 Operating Activities: Cash flows used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 13.9 million, a decrease of 30.5 million compared to 16.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease reflects a decrease of 18.9 million in net income, non-cash charges, including the change in deferred income taxes, as well as the net change in operating assets and liabilities. The decrease in net change in operating assets and liabilities is primarily due to timing of payments for expenses and receipt of cash for accounts receivable. 
 Investing Activities: Cash flows used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 21.4 million, an increase of 53.2 million compared to 31.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in investing activities primarily reflects the timing of net reinvestment of available cash and cash equivalents in our portfolio of marketable securities. Additionally, the 4.2 million asset acquisition cash flow during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 relates to the payment of the remaining consideration for the PONVORY acquisition that was accrued as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Our exposure to market risk is currently confined to our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash. We currently do not hedge interest rate exposure. We have not used derivative financial instruments for speculation or trading purposes. 
 We deposit our cash with financial institutions that we consider to be of high credit quality and purchase marketable securities that are generally investment grade, liquid, short-term fixed income securities and money-market instruments denominated in U.S. dollars. Our marketable securities consist of commercial paper, corporate notes and U.S. government agency notes and have maturities of less than two years. We do not believe that an increase in market rates would have any significant impact on the realized value of our cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 We are also exposed to risks related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates relating to our foreign operations. The functional currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We are exposed to foreign currency risk to the extent that we enter into transactions denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries respective functional currencies. We are also exposed to unfavorable fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, which is our reporting currency, against the currencies of our operating subsidiaries when their respective financial statements are translated into U.S. dollars for inclusion in our condensed consolidated financial statements. We do not currently hedge our foreign currency exchange rate risk. Foreign currency has not had, nor do we believe that a decrease or increase in any foreign currency exchange rates would have, a material impact on our results of operations. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4 Controls and Procedures 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act)) as of September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the third quarter of 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 Legal Proceedings 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 14, Legal Matters, to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 1A Risk Factors 
 We previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our annual report on Form 10-K (Annual Report) for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 8, 2024, important factors which could affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future operations under the heading Risk Factors. Our business, financial condition and operating results can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including but not limited to those described as risk factors, any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause our actual operating results and financial condition to vary materially from past, or anticipated future, operating results and financial condition. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and the price of our common stock. Other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes in our risk factors subsequent to the filing of our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter and bylaws and under Delaware law, and the adoption of a rights plan, could prevent or delay a change in control of our company. 
 We are a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws: 
 authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to thwart a takeover attempt; 
 do not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would allow holders of less than a majority of the stock to elect some directors; 
 establish a classified board of directors, as a result of which the successors to the directors whose terms have expired will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following their election; 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 require that directors only be removed from office for cause; 
 provide that vacancies on the board of directors, including newly created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office; 
 limit who may call special meetings of stockholders; 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent, requiring all actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders; and 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominating candidates for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 Moreover, in April 2024, our board of directors adopted a rights agreement which provided each stockholder of record as of the close of business on April 29, 2024 a right for each outstanding share of common stock of the Company held by such stockholder (each, a Right), which entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company at an exercise price of 25.00, subject to adjustment. The complete terms of the Rights are set forth in the Rights Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2024, between the Company and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent (Rights Agent), as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Rights Agreement, by and between the Company and the Rights Agent, and that certain Amendment No. 2 to the Rights Agreement, by and between the Company and the Rights Agent (as amended, the Rights Agreement). The Rights Agreement has a one-year term, expiring on April 16, 2025, and could have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in management or control over us. While there is no plan to do so at this time, our board of directors may choose to adopt a new rights plan in the future. 
 
 ITEM 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 3 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5 Other Information 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers informed us of the adoption, modification or termination of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as those terms are defined in Regulation S-K, Item 408. Furthermore, during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, we did not or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as those terms are defined in Regulation S-K, Item 408. 
 39 

ITEM 6 Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (filed as Exhibit 3.8 to Amendment No. 2 to the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-130759) on March 17, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant, as amended and restated on October 2, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34186) on October 3, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Rights, Preferences and Privileges of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34186) on April 17, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.1 Rights Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2024, by and between Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC as rights agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34186) on April 17, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Rights Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2024, by and between Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC as rights agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34186) on May 3, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.3 Amendment No. 2 to the Rights Agreement, dated as of August 7 , 2024, by and between Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC as rights agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34186) on August 7, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer), as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following financial information from this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL) and filed electronically herewith: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. November 7, 2024 /s/ Mihael H. Polymeropoulos, M.D. Mihael H. Polymeropoulos, M.D. President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) November 7, 2024 /s/ Kevin Moran Kevin Moran Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 41 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 vndaex311930202410q.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Mihael H. Polymeropoulos, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 7, 2024 s Mihael H. Polymeropoulos, M.D. Mihael H. Polymeropoulos, M.D. President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 vndaex312930202410q.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kevin Moran, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 November 7, 2024 s Kevin Moran Kevin Moran Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 vndaex321930202410q.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company), does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 November 7, 2024 s Mihael H. Polymeropoulos, M.D. Mihael H. Polymeropoulos, M.D. President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) November 7, 2024 s Kevin Moran Kevin Moran Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or its staff upon request. This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 vnda-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 vnda-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 vnda-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 vnda-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 vnda-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

