<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1651992_0001477932-24-007450.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2098145</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>54231</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>476724</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>477287</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>432094</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>620799</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007450.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119160325
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007450
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Appsoft Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001651992
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				473427919
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-206764
		FILM NUMBER:		241475973

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1225 FRANKLIN AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 325
		CITY:			GARDEN CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11530
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5162247717

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1225 FRANKLIN AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 325
		CITY:			GARDEN CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11530

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007450.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 asft_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

asft_10q.htm 
 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended: TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________ to _________ Commission file number: (Name of Small Business Issuer in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of Identification No.) (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) , , , Address of reg strant's principal executive offices ) Issuer s telephone ______ (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No At November 15, 2024, there were shares of common stock outstanding. PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AppSoft Technologies, Inc. Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) (Audited) CURRENT ASSETS Cash TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts Payable and Accruals Accrued Interest TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES Note Payable TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY Series A Cumulative, Convertible Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Common stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit TOTAL STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY (DEFICIT) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY/(DEFICIT) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 2 AppSoft Technologies, Inc. Statements of Operations For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 2023 (Unaudited) 2024 (Unaudited) 2023 (Unaudited) Sales Total Revenue EXPENSES: Selling, General and Administrative Interest Expense Outside Services Professional Fees Total Expense Loss from operations Other Income/Loss) Income on Extinguishment of Debt Provision for Income Taxes NET LOSS Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and fully diluted Basic and fully diluted net loss per common share: The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 3 AppSoft Technologies, Inc. Statements of Cash Flows For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 2023 (Unaudited) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss Income on Extinguishment of Debt Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operations: Changes in Assets and Liabilities: Increase (decrease) in Accounts Payable and Other Accruals Increase (decrease) in Accrued Interest Expense NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS TO/(FROM) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Note Payable - borrowings NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET INCREASE(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD END OF THE PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: CASH PAID DURING THE PERIOD FOR: Interest Taxes The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 4 AppSoft Technologies, Inc. Statement of Stockholders' Equity For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) Additional Common Stock Preferred Stock Paid-in Accumulated Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balances, January 1, 2024 Net Loss - - Balances, March 31, 2024 Net Loss - - Balances, June 30, 2024 - Net Loss - - Balances, September 30, 2024 - For the Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) Additional Common Stock Preferred Stock Paid-in Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balances, January 1, 2023 Net Loss - - Balances, March 31, 2023 Net loss - - Balances, June 30, 2023 Net loss - - Balances, September 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 5 and cash used in operations of at the period ended September 30, 2024. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. These circumstances raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the 12 months from the date when these financial statements were issued. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might arise because of this uncertainty. To address these aforementioned, management has undertaken the following initiatives: 1) enter into discussions to secure additional equity funding from current or new shareholders; 2) undertake a program to continue to monitor the Company s ongoing working capital requirements and minimum expenditure commitments; 3) continue their focus on maintaining an appropriate level of corporate overhead in line with the Company s available cash resources. 6 NOTE C SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONT D upon conversion of preferred stock as of September 30, 2024. and . 7 NOTE C SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONT D Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Common Shares at par value per share. Total issued and outstanding shares of common stock is and as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Total issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock is and as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 8 NOTE E-CAPITAL STOCK CONT D Series A Cumulative, Convertible Preferred Shares (Preferred Stock) at par value per share. During the period from inception (March 24, 2015) through December 31, 2016, the Company issued shares of preferred stock at per share to Ventureo, LLC in exchange for in cash and Phone Apps with a fair market value of for a total of . The shares of Preferred Stock are convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share. The holder of the Preferred Stock may not convert any portion of the Preferred Stock if, after giving effect to such conversion, the holder would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 , except that the holder may, by written notice to the Company, increase or decrease this percentage up to a maximum of , provided that any such increase will not be effective until the 61 st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. Upon a liquidation event, the Company shall first pay to the holders of the Preferred Stock an amount per share equal to the Original Issue Price (i.e., per share of Series A Preferred Stock), plus all accrued and unpaid dividends on each share of Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Preference Amount ). After full payment of the liquidation preference amount to the holders of the Preferred Stock, the Company will then distribute the remaining assets to holders of common stock, other junior preferred shares (if any) and the Preferred Stock on an as-if-converted-basis. The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Company s common stock and senior to any other shares of preferred stock the Company may issue in the future. The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 Series A Cumulative, Convertible Preferred Shares (Preferred Stock) at .0001 par value per share. During the period from inception (March 24, 2015) through December 31, 2016, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock at .05 per share to Ventureo, LLC in exchange for 50,000 in cash and Phone Apps with a fair market value of 50,000 for a total of 100,000. The shares of Preferred Stock are convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares of common stock at a conversion price of 0.005 per share. The holder of the Preferred Stock may not convert any portion of the Preferred Stock if, after giving effect to such conversion, the holder would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 , except that the holder may, by written notice to the Company, increase or decrease this percentage up to a maximum of 9.99 , provided that any such increase will not be effective until the 61 st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. Upon a liquidation event, the Company shall first pay to the holders of the Preferred Stock an amount per share equal to the Original Issue Price (i.e., 0.05 per share of Series A Preferred Stock), plus all accrued and unpaid dividends on each share of Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Preference Amount ). After full payment of the liquidation preference amount to the holders of the Preferred Stock, the Company will then distribute the remaining assets to holders of common stock, other junior preferred shares (if any) and the Preferred Stock on an as-if-converted-basis. The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Company s common stock and senior to any other shares of preferred stock the Company may issue in the future. The Company agreed to reduce the price at which each share of Series A Preferred Stock, of which Ventureo is the sole holder, converts into Common Stock from per share to per share. The Company filed an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation reflecting the change of the conversion price. The Company s Board approved the Agreement by unanimous written consent to action on November 30, 2018, and the Majority Holders approved the Agreement by the Stockholder Consent on December 4, 2018. During 2021, the Company converted shares of Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock. Capital Contributions Brian Kupchik, President, and CEO made no capital contributions during the periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 9 . The net operating loss carry forward as of September 30, 2024 is approximately and as of September 30, 2023 is approximately. The total deferred tax assets are approximately and for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. No tax benefit has been reported in the financial statements because after evaluating our own potential tax uncertainties, . The provision for income taxes differs from the amounts which would be provided by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of to the net loss before provision for income taxes for the following reasons: The Company is not obligated to pay State Income Taxes because it is a Nevada corporation. The Company does not currently have any tax returns open for examination. and bears interest at per year. Interest expense for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. Total accrued interest as of September 30, 2024 is . Detail of the Notes Payable is as follows: 2018 Notes Payable 2018 Principal and Interest were consolidated into promissory note in the amount of . The note bears interest at per year. On November 30, 2018, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement with its Creditors under which each Creditor agreed to cancel the Original Notes issued and accept a new promissory note in the amount of from the Company evidencing the amount of principal and accrued interest thereon through such date owed to the Creditor that mature on December 31, 2021 in exchange for the Original Notes. In consideration for the exchange of the Original Notes for the New Notes, the Company agreed to reduce the price at which each share of Series A Preferred Stock, of which Ventureo is the sole holder, converts into Common Stock from per share to per share. The Company filed an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation reflecting the change of the conversion price. The Company s Board approved the Agreement by unanimous written consent to action on November 30, 2018, and the Majority Holders approved the Agreement by the Stockholder Consent on December 4, 2018. Although new borrowings are not yet formalized into a note agreement, the Company and the lender agree that the new loans have the same terms and conditions for the formalized notes. 2019 Notes Payable In 2019 an additional was incurred in promissory notes. The note bears interest at per year. 10 NOTE G--NOTES PAYABLE AND NOTE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT CONT D during the 2020 and 2021 calendar years (the Drawdown Note ). The original drawdown amount was but has been increased to in 2021. Under the Drawdown Note, the Company must request a drawdown against the instrument not less than three days prior to the date on which it requires the proceeds stating the amount of the drawdown and the purposes to which the proceeds will be applied. BGS is entitled to approve or decline an advance of all or a portion of the drawdown request. The unpaid principal amount of the Drawdown Note bears interest at the rate of per year. On October 17, 2022, BGS agreed to extend the maturity date of the Drawdown Note to December 31, 2024. On January 1, 2023, the Drawdown Note amount was increased from to . During the year 2020, of the drawdown was borrowed. During the year 2021, of the drawdown was borrowed. During the year 2022, of the drawdown was borrowed. During the year 2023, of the drawdown was borrowed. During the 1 st quarter of 2024, of the drawdown was borrowed. During the 2 nd quarter of 2024, of the drawdown was borrowed. During the 3 rd quarter of 2024, of the drawdown was borrowed. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has borrowed an aggregate of from BGS under the Drawdown Note and the sum of remains available for advances thereunder. 11 NOTE H WRITE-OFF OF PAYABLES CONT D July 2015 None Therefore, the Company made the decision to write-off the Payable totaling . As of June 30, 2023, the write-off of the resulted in a Gain on Extinguishment of Debt which was reported on the Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 per ASC Section 470-50-40. ASC Section 470-50-40 (Debt Modification and Extinguishments), considers the extinguishment of the debt to an unrelated party results in a Gain on Extinguishment of Debt which has been reported on the Statement of Operations. drawn from the BGS Drawdown Note. Material Events On October 17, 2022, BGS agreed to extend the maturity date of the Drawdown note to . On January 1, 2023, . 12 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Forward Looking Statements The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or Report. The information in this discussion and elsewhere in this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. For example, the words may, will, believe, anticipate, plan, expect, intend, could, estimate, continue and similar expressions or variations identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Report, we caution you that these statements are based on a combination of facts and factors currently known by us and our projections of the future, about which we cannot be certain. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate may differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. Factors that might cause such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to: Our ability to obtain financing as and when needed on acceptable terms. Our failure to develop or acquire and publish new Apps that achieve market acceptance or we do not continue to enhance our existing Apps. Our inability to maintain a good relationship with the markets where our Apps are distributed. Our inability to keep pace with technological changes and market conditions in the Apps industry. Our inability to compete against a wide range of companies that market Apps, many of which have significantly greater resources than we do. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements made by us, which speak only as of the date they are made. We disclaim any obligation, except as specifically required by law and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in our expectations or in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation organized on March 24, 2015 we, us, or the Company ), develops, publishes and markets mobile software applications for smartphones and tablet devices Apps ). Our Apps titles include games designed to appeal to a broad cross section of consumers. We offer all of our game titles in both a free advertisement-supported version and a paid version that does not display ads. We believe that the ad supported versions allow for wider dissemination of our titles to consumers who might not otherwise spend money for an App without first playing the game. We market, sell and distribute our games through direct-to-consumer digital storefronts, which currently comprises Apple s App Store and the Google Play Store. We currently or expect to advertise our Apps through the digital storefronts, our own website, social media, such as Facebook and LinkedIn, through mobile ad networks and search engine optimization, or SEO, tools. We derive our revenue primarily from sales, or downloads, of our Apps and from advertisements published on our ad supported game titles. We are seeking to develop and acquire new Apps to expand our existing product offerings. We rely on third party designers, developers and programs to develop new Apps. We also solicit ideas for new titles from unrelated parties. We evaluate prospects based on a variety of factors. If we conclude that a particular prospect is worth pursuing, we may fund the development of the App through launch and beyond. 13 During the second quarter of 2021, we launched an Esports/E-gaming platform which we refer to as Esportsreporter.com. Esportsreporter.com is a leading news channel for all things esports and gaming. Publishing the most relevant breaking news for esports and gaming, including coverage of industry trends and guides on the business of esports and gaming for investors and aspiring esports and gaming professionals. Esportsreporter.com provides daily coverage of important news in the esports world while also diving deeper with coverage of events with live reporters as well as conducting face to face and virtual interviews with professional players in the space. Esports is growing faster than ever with millions of gamers, millions of viewers, and millions of dollars in prizes. Accordingly, we believe now is an ideal time to bring all esports and gaming news into one platform to leverage the growth of this global audience and maximize user engagement through Esportreporter.com. In addition to becoming a leading source of esports news, Esportsreporter.com has an editorial and digital content creation team that publishes fresh, original content covering the latest trends from the esports and gaming industry. We currently staff numerous qualified journalist and editorial gamers, as well as social media expert/ gamers, and video editors, graphic designers, and production engineers all also gamers. Our platform is quickly becoming one of the most exciting eSports news sites, with a heavy and popular presence in the gaming and eSports communities via content both article and video, and social media, on its way toward becoming a major broadcaster of eSports tournaments and gaming events, with its own large in-house family of avid content creators. We also provide fans with recording clips of tournaments for montages, similar to highlights of a major sports game. Recording clips of professional streamers for montages, a very popular genre of content that YouTube and now Netflix are offering as their own channels, which we hope to emulate in the near future. Videos recording our own staff explaining latest game patches, eSport team news/drama, new game trailers, new game features. Turning personal streams into montages for the site and channel. We expect to have reporters attending the important upcoming events, including Play NYC, and have interviewed top Game Team Players. As capital permits, we will continue to grow and add more high caliber interviews as well as emerging game coverage and reviews, indie games still undiscovered, peripherals and gaming hardware systems, streaming video gameplay, competitive, walkthrough as well as industry technical topics. We will seek to build a following on digital media from which we expect to generate revenue from sales, sponsorships, or merchandise from our fanbase and advertisers published on our ad supported content. Growth Strategies and Outlook Over the next several periods, we expect to focus our efforts on the development of our Esports/E-gaming platforms. eSports have become popular worldwide, not only with participants but also with fans who watch them online and in public spaces, including arenas. According to Fortune Business Insights, the esports industry is growing rapidly, with the global market size projected to increase from 1.72 billion in 2023 to 9.29 billion by 2032. The US is a leader in esports, with the number of active players in 2023 the highest in the world. The US esports industry's revenue increased more than fourfold between 2018 and 2022. We will continue to seek to develop and acquire new Apps to supplement our existing Apps portfolio. Our primary focus will be to release new game titles. We are seeking to develop a pipeline of independent game designers, developers and programmers who provide us with new ideas and titles to publish. We also are soliciting new games and concepts that we may acquire from third parties. We will seek to develop and publish free-to-play games. Free-to-play games are games that a player can download and play for free, but which allow players to access a variety of additional content and features for a fee, through in-app purchases utilizing virtual currency they may be purchased through digital storefronts, and to engage with various advertisements and offers that generate revenues for us. We may seek to acquire franchises around which we develop games, including movies, television programs, toys and other cultural phenomena that lend themselves to gamification. Our ability to pursue and achieve our objectives is predicated on our receipt of meaningful revenue from sales of our existing Apps and those we may release in the future and from our ability to raise capital from outside sources. 14 Our revenues from this segment will depend significantly on growth in the mobile games market and our ability to develop or acquire and publish Apps that are well received by consumers. In addition, because our products are purchased with disposable income, our success is dependent on the overall strength of the economy in the United States. We expect to invest resources in research and development, analytics and marketing to introduce new Apps and continue to update our existing Apps, and to the extent that Apps into which we have invested significant capital are not successful, our business and financial condition could be harmed. We operate in an environment that is extremely competitive for users against a continually increasing number of developers, many of which are significantly larger than us and have other competitive advantages. We expect to allocate a material portion of our operating revenue and capital that we receive to sales and marketing initiatives in connection with the launch and promotion of our games in an effort to drive sales. Our revenues further depend on maintaining our continued good relationship with the digital storefront operators, primarily Apple and Google, each of which could unilaterally alter their terms of service in ways that could harm our business. Our ability to achieve and sustain profitability will depend not only on our ability to grow our revenues, but also on our ability to manage our operating expenses. Currently, we have one full-time employee, who receives compensation when and as determined by the board of directors. For the foreseeable further, we expect to utilize the services of independent contractors and consultants, who we believe are readily available for our purposes, in order to manage our personnel costs. We also will continue to maintain a virtual office as long as our operations permit to contain our office space overhead. Over the last several quarters, our growth has been constrained by our lack of capital. We require additional capital to fund the development of Apps in process that we have developed internally or acquired from third parties. We also require capital to fund marketing initiatives for our existing products and to launch and market Apps in development. We cannot be sure that the additional capital we require will be available on acceptable terms or at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms or at all, we may be unable to develop or enhance our services and products, take advantage of future opportunities, repay debt obligations as they become due, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2018, we recognized an impairment of our phone apps and esports gaming platform and wrote off all of their carrying, or book, value from our financial statements resulting in a loss in the aggregate amount of 45,500. We wrote off these assets because, as of December 31, 2018, we determined that their carrying value exceeded their fair value (the amount at which the assets could be sold in a negotiated transaction between two willing parties) and was not recoverable, meaning that we were uncertain that the future cash flow we might generate from these assets would be equal to the book value that we ascribed to these assets in our financial statements. Despite writing off these assets, upon the receipt of sufficient capital, of which there is no assurance, we intend to continue their development with the expectation that we will make them available for purchase by way of the consumer digital storefronts through which we offer our products. 15 Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (unaudited) The following table presents our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenue - - Expenses Selling, General and Administrative 3,038 827 Interest Expense 2,114 1,918 Outside Services 340 855 Professional Fees 5,550 675 Total Expenses 11,042 4,275 Net Loss (10,457 (4,275 Business Activity During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, our efforts focused on identifying sources of meaningful capital and we experienced only inconsequential business activity. Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (unaudited) Net Loss During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss from operations of 10,457, as compared to a net loss of 4,275 for the comparable 2023 period. The following table presents our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenue - - Expenses Selling, General and Administrative 7,657 6,614 Interest Expense 6,165 5,491 Outside Services 600 2,720 Professional Fees 25,350 39,055 Total Expenses 39,772 53,880 Net Loss (39,772 (53,880 Revenues During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we did not record any revenue. Net Loss During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss from operations of 39,772, as compared to a net loss of 53,880 for the comparable 2023 period. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate adequate amounts of cash to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, the availability of credit facilities, levels of accounts receivable and accounts payable and capital expenditures. As of September 30, 2024, we had a working capital deficit of 34,013, compared to a working capital deficit of 27,831 at December 31, 2023. Since our inception, we have financed our operations through the sale of equity securities, from third party loans and from internally generated revenue from operations. 16 Over the last several years, we have been borrowing cash from Bryan Glass Securities, Inc. BGS and its affiliates to fund our operations. Since 2016, we have borrowed and aggregate of 425,543 from Bryan Glass Securities and its affiliates. Since 2019, the borrowings have been under a drawdown note that allows us to borrow up to 400,000, of which we had borrowed 223,123 through September 30, 2024, leaving 176,877 remaining to be borrowed as we require to fund our operations. All of the promissory notes evidencing our borrowings bear interest at the rate of 2 per year. The drawdown note matures on December 31, 2024 the other outstanding debt, 202,420 in the aggregate, is payable on demand. Our primary requirements for liquidity and capital are to fund the development and acquisition of new Apps and for sales and marketing initiatives in connection with the launch and promotion of our games, as well as for working capital to fund our general corporate needs, including filing reports under the federal securities laws. We work with independent game designers, developers and programmers who provide us with new ideas and titles to publish. We also are soliciting new games and concepts that we may acquire from third parties. When we receive an idea for a new App, we research the commercial viability of the concept, undertaking an analysis of the cost to develop the App against its potential economic return. If we determine that the App is commercially viable, we may fund the cost of development, publication and marketing. Upon completion of development, we will own the App title. Developing and publishing free-to-play games will require considerable capital to develop, maintain and update, particularly games we may seek to develop around popular movie, television, toy other cultural phenomena that lend themselves to gamification. Since our customers pay for their purchases by credit or debit card at the time of sale, neither inventories nor receivables are relevant to our business. Our cash on hand and cash flow from operations are not sufficient to fund our existing operations or support our desired development and acquisition strategy or required in connection with launching, marketing and promoting our games. Over the last twelve months, we have been using the proceeds from loans to fund our operations. We are seeking to identify meaningful sources of capital to fund the entire range of our operations and development activities, though we cannot provide any assurance that we will identify any such sources of capital. Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining credit facilities or through other financing mechanisms. Even if we are able to raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of our common stock. The inability to obtain additional capital will continue to constrain our operations, including App development and marketing, and restrict our ability to grow. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may possibly have to cease our operations. Cash Flows: The following table presents summary cash flow information. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (33,003 (57,827 Net cash provided by financing activities 33,000 57,827 Net increase / (decrease) in cash (3 10 Contractual Commitments as of September 30, 2024 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no contractual obligations, as such term is defined in Item 303 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 17 Going Concern The notes to our financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 include an explanatory paragraph with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has a deficit accumulated of 994,056 at September 30, 2024. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and pay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might arise because of this uncertainty The presence of the going concern explanatory paragraph suggests that we may not have sufficient liquidity, or minimum cash levels, to operate our business. Since our inception, we have incurred losses and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses until such time as our Apps generate sufficient revenue to offset our research and development, general and administrative and sales and marketing expenses. We will need to raise additional capital to fund our near-term operational plans described elsewhere in this report. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in our operational plans. We cannot be sure that the additional capital we require will be available on acceptable terms or at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms or at all, we may be unable to develop or enhance our services and products, take advantage of future opportunities, repay debt obligations as they become due, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. Off-Balance Sheet and Other Arrangements We do not engage in any activities involving variable interest entities or off-balance sheet arrangements. Inflation We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we might not be able to fully offset these higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates The discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, our management evaluates its estimates based upon historical experience and various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable in the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The Company believes that its significant accounting policies affect its more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note C to our audited financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023. We do not believe that there has been any significant change in the Company s critical accounting policies since December 31, 2023. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Emerging Growth Company Critical Accounting Policy Disclosure: We qualify as an emerging growth company under the 2012 JOBS Act. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. As an emerging growth company, we can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. See Note C to the financial statements furnished with this report for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements that had a material effect on the financial statements presented herein. 18 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all controls systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving its objectives. Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, the Company carried out an evaluation with the participation of the Company s management performed an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, who is the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer and who we refer to herein as our PEO, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the quarter ended September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s PEO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024 due to the Company s limited internal resources and lack of ability to have multiple levels of transaction review. Management is in the process of determining how best to address this condition and implement a more effective system to ensure that information required to be disclosed in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q has been recorded, processed, summarized and reported accurately. Our management acknowledges the existence of this problem, and intends to developed procedures to address them to the extent possible given limitations in financial and manpower resources. While management is working on a plan, no assurance can be made at this point that the implementation of such controls and procedures will be completed in a timely manner or that they will be adequate once implemented. Changes in Internal Controls There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 19 PART II OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There are presently no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or as to which any of its property is subject, and no such proceedings are known to the Company to be threatened or contemplated against it. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not required to provide the information required under this item. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Since the date on which the Company filed its last quarterly report on Form 10-Q and through the date of this report, the Company did not sell any securities. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None 20 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. Exhibit Description 31.1 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 31.2 Certification of the Company s Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 32.1 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). In accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is hereby furnished to the SEC as an accompanying document and is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933. 21 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Brian Kupchik Name: Brian Kupchik Title: President, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 asft_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 asft_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Brian Kupchik, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AppSoft Technologies, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. As the registrant's sole certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. As the registrant's sole certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Brian Kupchik Name: Brian Kupchik Title: President, Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 asft_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 asft_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Brian Kupchik, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AppSoft Technologies, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. As the registrant's sole certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. As the registrant's sole certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Brian Kupchik Name: Brian Kupchik Title: Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 asft_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 asft_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Brian Kupchik, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of AppSoft Technologies, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of AppSoft Technologies, Inc. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Brian Kupchik Brian Kupchik President, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer ___________ The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 asft-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 asft-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 asft-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 asft-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

