<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1869105_0001213900-24-098483.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3409176</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>61949</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>840441</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>637269</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>826353</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>976116</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098483.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114163022
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098483
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Helix Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001869105
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41955
		FILM NUMBER:		241463104

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CORMORANT ASSET MANAGEMENT, LP
		STREET 2:		200 CLARENDON STREET, 52ND FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		857 702 0377

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CORMORANT ASSET MANAGEMENT, LP
		STREET 2:		200 CLARENDON STREET, 52ND FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098483.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0220692-10q_helixacq2.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

Cormorant Asset Management, LP 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Issuer s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November
14, 2024, there were Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par
value, issued and outstanding. 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I.
 Financial Information 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. Interim Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed
 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed
 Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Condensed
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Condensed
 Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes
 to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Item
 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 14 
 
 Item
 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 16 
 
 Item
 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 16 
 
 Part II.
 Other Information 
 
 17 
 
 Item
 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 17 
 
 Item
 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 17 
 
 Item
 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 17 
 
 Item
 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 17 
 
 Item
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 17 
 
 Item
 5. Other Information 
 
 18 
 
 Item
 6. Exhibits 
 
 18 
 
 Part III.
 Signatures 
 
 19 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expense 

Prepaid insurance current portion 

Total current assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Long-term prepaid insurance 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued offering costs 

Accrued expenses 

Promissory note related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of per share as of September 30, 2024 and shares at December 31, 2023 

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding (excluding 18,400,000 and shares subject to possible redemption) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Share-based compensation expense 

Interest earned on bank deposits 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income (expense) 

Net income 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares 

Diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares (1)(2) 

Basic net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares (1)(2) 

Diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

(1) (2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 1, 2024 (1) 

Sale of 509,000 Private Placement Shares

Allocated value of transaction costs to private shares 

Share-based compensation expense 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance March 31, 2024 (unaudited) (2) 

Share-based compensation expense 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2024 (unaudited) (2) 

Share-based compensation expense 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 (unaudited) (2) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 1, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2023 (unaudited) (1) 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2023 (unaudited) (1) 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2023 (unaudited) (1) 

(1) (2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Non-cash accrued offering costs adjustment 

Share-based compensation expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expense 

Short-term prepaid insurance 

Long-term prepaid insurance 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Shares, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Shares 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor through promissory note 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Class A ordinary shares (the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment
option in the amount of Public Shares, at per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed
in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of Class A ordinary
shares (the Private Placement Shares to Helix Holdings II, LLC (the Sponsor at a price of per
Private Placement Share, or in the aggregate, which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted to , consisting
of of upfront cash underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee (see additional discussion on Note 6), and 
of other offering costs. 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The rules
of Nasdaq require that the Company must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 
of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable
on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. The Company
anticipates structuring the initial Business Combination so that the post transaction company in which the Public Shareholders (as defined
below) own shares will own or acquire of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. The Company may, however,
structure the initial Business Combination such that the post transaction company owns or acquires less than of such interests or
assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons,
but the Company will only complete such Business Combination if the post transaction company owns or acquires or more of the issued
and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it
not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
on February 13, 2024, an amount of per Share) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Shares and the sale
of the Private Placement Shares, after deducting in underwriting discounts and commissions paid upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering and an aggregate of to pay fees and expenses in connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and for working capital following the closing, was placed in the trust account Trust Account ), and either held in cash,
deposited into an interest bearing or non-interest bearing bank demand deposit account at a U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated
assets of billion or more, or invested in U.S. government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
company Act having a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earliest of (i) the
completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders,
as described below. 

5 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

business prior to the consummation of the Business Combination (initially anticipated to be per Public Share), including interest (less
taxes paid or payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, subject to certain limitations as described
in the prospectus. The per-share amount to be distributed to the Public Shareholders who properly redeem their Public Shares will not
be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 6). The Class A
ordinary shares will be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering,
in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company
seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert
or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )),
will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares without the Company s
prior written consent. 

The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption
rights with respect to any Founder Shares (as defined below), Private Placement Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with
the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the
Company s initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Completion Window (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights
or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust Account (less taxes paid or payable), divided by the number of then issued
and outstanding Public Shares. 

The Company will have until (i) the period ending
on the date that is 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or such earlier liquidation as the Company s board
of directors may approve, in which the Company must complete an initial Business Combination or (ii) such other time period in which the
Company must complete an initial Business Combination pursuant to an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association (the Completion Window ). However, if the Company has not completed a Business Combination within
the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than business thereafter, redeem
 of the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes paid or payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment
for the Public Shares and completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation or other distributions, if any), subject to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
claims of creditors and subject to the other requirements of applicable law. 

The Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to
liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares if the Company fails
to complete a Business Combination within the Completion Window. However, the Public Shares acquired by affiliates of the Sponsor in the
Initial Public Offering, and any other Public Shares that the Sponsor or its affiliates may acquire thereafter, will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Completion Window. The underwriter
has agreed to waive its rights to its deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company
does not complete a Business Combination within the Completion Window, and in such event, such amounts will be included with the other
funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering
price per Share ). 

6 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

per Public Share (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the
date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share, due to reductions in the value of trust assets, less
taxes paid or payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses, provided that this liability will not apply to any claims
by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and as to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers
(other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account. 

7 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

and in cash as
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and no cash equivalents as of such dates. 

Less: 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

8 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding (1) 

Basic net income per share 

Denominator: 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding (1) 

Diluted net income per share 

Class B ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture. 

9 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse
impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Public Shares, which includes a full exercise by the underwriter of their over-allotment option in the amount of 
Public Shares, at a price of per Public Share. 

Private Placement Shares at a price of per Private Placement Share,
for an aggregate purchase price of . A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Shares was added to the proceeds from
the Initial Public Offering and are held in the Trust Account. 

to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in exchange for Class B ordinary shares (the Founder
Shares ). The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares that were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent
to which the underwriter s over-allotment option was exercised, so that the number of Founder Shares would equal, on an as-converted
basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering (excluding any
Public Shares purchased by the Sponsor in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Placement Shares). On November 29, 2023,
the Sponsor assigned Founder Shares to each of the Company s independent directors, Mark McKenna and John Schmid, and to
the Company s advisor, Andrew Phillips. On February 1, 2024, the Company effected a share capitalization with respect to the Class
B ordinary shares of shares, resulting in the Sponsor holding a total of Founder Shares. On February 8, 2024, the
Company effected a share capitalization with respect to the Class B ordinary shares of shares, resulting in the Sponsor holding
a total of Founder Shares and the Company s independent directors and advisor (together with the Sponsor, the
 Insiders each holding Founder Shares, which were retroactively presented on the financial statements, with up to
 Founder Shares held by the Sponsor subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment
option was exercised. On February 11, 2024, the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering delivered the Company a notice of its intention
to fully exercise the over-allotment option and on February 13, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
the underwriter purchased the additional Public Shares at a price of per Public Share. Accordingly, the Founder Shares
are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

10 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

after the completion of
a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares
equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after a Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in
all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

The sale or allocation of the Founder Shares to
the Company s director nominees, as described above, is within the scope ASC 718. Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated
with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the Founder Shares transferred to
the Company s independent directors and advisor on November 29, 2023 is or per share. The Founder Shares were granted
subject to a service condition (i.e., being part of the Company at the date of the Initial Public Offering through one year from the Initial
Public Offering). Stock-based compensation will be recognized ratably from the date of the Initial Public Offering through the one-year
anniversary of the Initial Public Offering in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares times the grant date fair value per share
less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. 

Administrative Services and Indemnification
Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing
on February 8, 2024, through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay the
Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities and secretarial, and administrative support services. In addition, the
Company has agreed that it will indemnify the Sponsor, members and managers and representatives of the Sponsor (collectively, Sponsor
Indemnitees from any claims arising out of or relating to the Initial Public Offering or the Company s operations or conduct
of the Company s business or any claim against any Sponsor Indemnitees alleging any expressed or implied management or endorsement
by Sponsor Indemnitees of any of the Company s activities or any express or implied association between Sponsor Indemnitees, on
the one hand, and the Company or any of its other affiliates, on the other hand. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company incurred and in fees for these services, respectively, of which such amounts are included in accrued expenses
in the accompanying condensed balance sheets. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company did not incur any such
fees for these services. 

Promissory Note Related
Party 

On June 19, 2021, as amended in October 2023,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may
borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) June
30, 2024 or (ii) the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had 
and outstanding under the Promissory Note, respectively. Borrowing under the note is no longer available. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a
Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company.
Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital
Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either
be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such
Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement shares of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per
share. The shares would be identical to the Private Placement Shares. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had
no outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

11 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

-day option
to purchase up to additional Public Shares to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On February 11, 2024, the underwriter delivered the Company a notice of its intention to fully exercise the
over-allotment option and on February 13, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriter purchased
the additional Public Shares at a price of per Public Share. 

The underwriter was entitled to an upfront cash
underwriting discount of per Public Share, or in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering.
In addition, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of per Public Share, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee
will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business
Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting
and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A
ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At September 30, 2024, there were Class A ordinary shares issued
and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. At December 31, 2023, there were Class
A ordinary shares issued or outstanding. 

Class B Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of the Class B
ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Class B
ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Holders of record of Class A ordinary shares and
Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of Class A
ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of shareholders,
except to vote to approve any transfer by way of continuation pursuant to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association or as required by law. 

12 

HELIX ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the
Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion
or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the
consummation of a Business Combination (including the forward purchase shares, but not the forward purchase agreements), excluding any
forward purchases securities and Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A
ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any Private Placement Shares issued
to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event
will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. 

in cash and in U.S. Treasury Bills. As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not withdraw
any interest income from the Trust Account. At December 31, 2023, there were no assets held in the Trust Account. 

13 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Helix Acquisition Corp.
II. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references
to the Sponsor refer to Helix Holdings II LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this
Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion of any Business Combination,
the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, 
 seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently
available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and
results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of any Business Combination are not satisfied. For
information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking
statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with
the SEC. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except
as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a special purpose acquisition company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands on June 15, 2021, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using
cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares, our shares, debt or a combination
of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from June 15, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying
a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business
Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2024, we had net income of 2,333,358, which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of
 2,554,610 and interest earned on bank deposits of 3,000, partially offset by general and administrative expenses of 146,852 and
share-based compensation expense of 77,400. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2024, we had net income of 5,646,336, which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of
 6,203,404 and interest earned on bank deposits of 3,000, partially offset by general and administrative expenses of 365,896 and
share-based compensation expense of 194,172. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2023, we had no net income (loss). 

14 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor
and loans from the Sponsor. 

On February 13, 2024, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 18,400,000 Class A ordinary shares, which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option
in the amount of 2,400,000 Class A ordinary shares, at 10.00 per Class A ordinary share, generating gross proceeds of 184,000,000. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 509,000 Private Placement Shares to the Sponsor,
at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Share, generating gross proceeds of 5,090,000. 

Following the Initial Public Offering and the
private placement, a total of 184,000,000 10.00 per Share) was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 8,180,834 in Initial Public
Offering related costs, including 1,840,000 of upfront cash underwriting fee, 5,520,000 of deferred underwriting fee and 820,834 of
other offering costs. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
cash used in operating activities was 675,961. Net income of 5,646,336 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held
in the Trust Account of 6,203,404, non-cash accrued offering costs adjustment of 81,000, and share-based compensation of 194,172. Changes
in operating assets and liabilities used 232,065 of cash for operating activities. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
there were no cash flows in operating activities. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 190,203,404 (including 6,203,404 of interest income). The Trust Account is either held in cash, deposited
into an interest bearing or non-interest bearing bank demand deposit account at a U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets
of 100 billion or more, or invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or interests in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations, as determined by the Company. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to
use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account
(less deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable), to complete our initial Business Combination. To the extent that our capital
stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held
in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 1,785,636.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and
complete a Business Combination, to pay for directors and officers liability insurance premiums and to pay an aggregate of 6,458 per
month to our Sponsor for office space, utilities, administrative services and remote support services. 

In order to finance working capital deficits or
to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or
certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the
Company completes an initial Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial Business
Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to 1,500,000 of the Working Capital
Loans may be convertible into private placement shares of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00 per private placement
share at the option of the lender. Such shares would be identical to the Private Placement Shares. 

We believe that amounts not held in trust will
be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated that are payable prior to the closing of our initial
Business Combination, which we have 24 months from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering to complete. However, if our estimate
of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than
the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem
a significant number of our Public Shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities
or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

15 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an aggregate of 6,458 per month to
our Sponsor for office space, utilities, administrative services and remote support services. We began incurring these fees on February
8, 2024 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination and our liquidation. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting
commission of 3.0 , or 5,520,000 in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account upon
the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting commission. At our sole and
absolute discretion, up to 500,000 of this amount may be paid to third parties that assist us in consummating our initial Business Combination. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of condensed financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from
those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting estimates: 

Marketable Securities in Trust Account 

Substantially all of the assets held in the Trust
Account were held in U.S. Treasury Bill. The Company accounts for its marketable securities as trading securities under ASC 320, Investments Debt
and Equity Securities , where securities are presented at fair value on the balance sheet. Gains and losses resulting from the change
in fair value of marketable securities held in the Trust Account are included in interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust
Account in the statement of operations. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of marketable securities held in Trust Account amounts
to 190,203,404. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed
by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

16 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in our final prospectus for the Initial Public Offering
filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results
of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also
impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk
factors disclosed in our final prospectus for the Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC, except we may disclose changes to such factors
or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

On June 19, 2021, the Sponsor made a capital contribution
of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per share, to cover certain of the Company s expenses, for which the Company issued 2,875,000
Founder Shares to the Sponsor. On November 29, 2023, the Sponsor transferred 30,000 Founder Shares to each of our independent directors,
Mark McKenna and John Schmid, and to our advisor, Andrew Phillips. On February 1, 2024, the Company effected a share capitalization of
1,437,500, resulting in the Sponsor holding 1,437,500 Founder Shares. On February 8, 2024, we effected a share capitalization of 287,500,
resulting in the Sponsor holding 4,510,000 Founder Shares. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of 600,000 shares that were subject
to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. As a result
of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its over-allotment option on February 9, 2024, no Founder Shares were forfeited. 

18,400,000 Class A ordinary shares, which included
the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of 2,400,000 Class A ordinary shares, at 10.00 per Class
A ordinary share, generating gross proceeds of 184,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 509,000 Private Placement Shares, at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Share,
or 5,090,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement. 

Transaction costs amounted to 8,180,834 consisting
of 1,840,000 of upfront cash underwriting fee, 5,520,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and 820,834 of other offering costs. 

After deducting the underwriting fees (excluding
the deferred portion of 5,520,000, which amount will be payable upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, if consummated)
and the offering expenses, the total net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the private placement was 186,496,493, of which
 184,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in the Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

17 

Item 5. Other Information 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith. 

18 

PART III. SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HELIX
 ACQUISITION CORP. II 

Date: November 14,
 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Bihua Chen 

Name: 
 Bihua Chen 

Title: 
 Chairperson and Chief Executive
 Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 14,
 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Caleb Tripp 

Name: 
 Caleb Tripp 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting
 Officer) 

19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022069201ex31-1_helixacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Bihua Chen, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Helix Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) [Paragraph
omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Bihua Chen 

Bihua
 Chen 

Chairperson
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022069201ex31-2_helixacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Caleb Tripp, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Helix Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) [Paragraph
omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Caleb Tripp 

Caleb
 Tripp 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022069201ex32-1_helixacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Helix
Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Bihua Chen, Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Bihua Chen 

Bihua
 Chen 

Chairperson
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022069201ex32-2_helixacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Helix
Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Caleb Tripp, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Caleb Tripp 

Caleb
 Tripp 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hlxb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hlxb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hlxb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hlxb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hlxb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

