<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_721994_0000721994-24-000140.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20114701</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>143649</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1795287</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11155031</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3070450</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3317482</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000721994-24-000140.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030072245
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000721994-24-000140
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LAKELAND FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000721994
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				351559596
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-11487
		FILM NUMBER:		241407445

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		202 E CENTER ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 1387
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46581-1387
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5742676144

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		202 E CENTER ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1387
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46581

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000721994-24-000140.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 lkfn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

lkfn-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to _____________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction (IRS Employer of Incorporation or Organization) Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered (Nasdaq Global Select Market) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Number of shares of common stock outstanding at October 23, 2024: 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Income three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 57 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 58 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 58 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 58 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 58 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 58 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 58 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 59 
 SIGNATURES 
 60 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (dollars in thousands, except share data) 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS Cash and due from banks Short-term investments Total cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost (fair value of and , respectively) 
 Real estate mortgage loans held-for-sale Loans, net of allowance for credit losses of and 
 Land, premises and equipment, net Bank owned life insurance Federal Reserve and Federal Home Loan Bank stock Accrued interest receivable Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Noninterest bearing deposits Interest bearing deposits Total deposits Federal Funds purchased Federal Home Loan Bank advances Total borrowings Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Common stock: shares authorized, no par value 
 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Treasury stock at cost shares as of September 30, 2024, shares as of December 31, 2023) 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (unaudited - dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 NET INTEREST INCOME Interest and fees on loans Taxable Tax exempt Interest and dividends on securities Taxable Tax exempt Other interest income Total interest income Interest on deposits Interest on short-term borrowings Total interest expense NET INTEREST INCOME Provision for credit losses NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES NONINTEREST INCOME Wealth advisory fees Investment brokerage fees Service charges on deposit accounts Loan and service fees Merchant and interchange fee income Bank owned life insurance income Interest rate swap fee income Mortgage banking income (loss) ) ) ) Net securities gains (losses) ) ) ) Net gain (loss) on Visa shares ) Other income Total noninterest income NONINTEREST EXPENSE Salaries and employee benefits Net occupancy expense Equipment costs Data processing fees and supplies Corporate and business development FDIC insurance and other regulatory fees Professional fees Wire fraud loss Other expense Total noninterest expense INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE Income tax expense NET INCOME BASIC WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES BASIC EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (unaudited - dollars in thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Change in available-for-sale and transferred securities: Unrealized holding gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjust for amortization of unrealized losses on securities transferred to held-to-maturity Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income Net securities gain (loss) activity during the period ) ) Tax effect ) ) Net of tax amount ) ) Defined benefit pension plans: Amortization of net actuarial loss Net gain activity during the period Tax effect ) ) ) ) Net of tax amount Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (unaudited - dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Three Months Ended Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity Shares Stock Balance at July 1, 2023 
 ) ) Comprehensive loss: Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Cash dividends declared and paid, per share 
 ) ) ) Treasury shares purchased under deferred directors' plan ) ) Stock activity under equity compensation plans 0 Stock based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) Balance at July 1, 2024 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Cash dividends declared and paid, per share 
 ) ) ) Treasury shares purchased under deferred directors' plan ) ) Stock activity under equity compensation plans 0 Stock based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity Shares Stock Balance at January 1, 2023 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Cash dividends declared and paid, per share 
 ) ) ) Treasury shares purchased under deferred directors' plan ) ) Treasury shares sold and distributed under deferred directors' plan ) Stock activity under equity compensation plans ) ) ) Stock based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) Balance at January 1, 2024 
 ) ) Impact of adoption ASU 2023-02, net of tax ) ) ) Adjusted Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Cash dividends declared and paid, per share 
 ) ) ) Treasury shares purchased under deferred directors' plan ) ) Treasury shares sold and distributed under deferred directors' plan ) Stock activity under equity compensation plans ) ) ) Stock based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited - in thousands) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation Provision for credit losses Amortization of loan servicing rights Loans originated for sale, including participations ) ) Net gain on sales of loans ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans, including participations Net (gain) loss on Visa shares ) Net (gain) loss on sales of premises and equipment Net (gain) loss on sales and calls of securities available-for-sale Net securities amortization Stock based compensation expense Earnings on life insurance ) ) Gain on life insurance ) Tax benefit of stock award issuances ) ) Net change: Interest receivable and other assets ) Interest payable and other liabilities ) Total adjustments ) Net cash from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sale of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sale of Visa shares Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal paydowns of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal paydowns of securities held-to-maturity Purchases of securities available-for-sale ) Purchase of life insurance ) ) Net (increase) decrease in total loans ) ) Proceeds from sales of land, premises and equipment Purchases of land, premises and equipment ) ) Purchase of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) Proceeds from life insurance Net cash from investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase (decrease) in total deposits Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings ) Net payments on short-term FHLB borrowings ) ) Common dividends paid ) ) Preferred dividends paid ) ) Payments related to equity incentive plans ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Sale of treasury stock Net cash from financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes Supplemental non-cash disclosures: Loans transferred to other real estate owned Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities, net 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 1. 
 wholly owned subsidiary, Lake City Bank (the "Bank"). Also included in this report are results for the Bank s wholly owned subsidiary, LCB Investments II, Inc. ("LCB Investments"), which manages the Bank s investment securities portfolio. LCB Investments owns LCB Funding, Inc. ("LCB Funding"), a real estate investment trust. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.), net of tax, to beginning retained earnings on January 1, 2024, which did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Newly Issued But Not Yet Effective Accounting Standards 
 On October 9, 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-06, "Disclosure Improvements: Codification Amendments in Response to the SEC's Disclosure Update and Simplification Initiative" , which modified the disclosure or presentation requirements of a variety of Topics in the Codification and was intended to both clarify or improve such requirements and align the requirements with the SEC's regulations. The amendments to Topics of Codification provided in this update apply to all reporting entities within the scope of the affected Topics unless otherwise indicated by the update. Given the variety of Topics amended, a broad range of entities may be affected by one or more of the amendments provided in the update. The Company evaluated the amendments provided in the update and believes certain of the disclosure improvements are applicable to the Company's interim or annual disclosures. Subtopic 230-10, as amended, requires disclosure within the accounting policy in annual periods of where cash flows associated with derivative instruments and their related gains and losses are presented within the statement of cash flows. Subtopic 260-10, as amended, requires disclosure of the methods used in the diluted earnings-per-share computation for each dilutive security and clarifies that certain disclosures should be made during interim periods. Subtopic 470-10, as amended, requires disclosure of amounts and terms of unused lines of credit and unfunded commitments and the weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowings outstanding as of the date of each balance sheet presented. 
 The effective date for each amendment for entities subject to the SEC's existing disclosure requirements is the effective date of the removal of the related disclosure from Regulation S-X or Regulation S-K, with early adoption prohibited. The amendments in the update are to be applied prospectively. The Company will apply prospectively the provisions provided in the amendments as such provisions become effective, and does not believe the application of these modified disclosure requirements will have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. If by June 30, 2027, the SEC has not removed the applicable requirement from Regulation S-X or Regulation S-K, the pending content of the related amendment in the update will be removed from the Codification and will not become effective. 
 On November 27, 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, "Segment Reporting (ASC 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures" , intended to improve reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. Provisions in the amendment include: (1) requirement that a public entity disclose, on an annual and interim basis, significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker ("CODM") and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss (collectively referred to as the "significant expense principle"); (2) requirement that a public entity disclose, on an annual and interim basis, an amount for other segment items by reportable segment and a description of its composition (the other segment items category is the difference between segment revenue less the segment expenses disclosed under the significant expense principle and each reported measure of segment profit or loss); (3) requirement that a public entity provide all annual disclosures about a reportable segment's profit or loss and assets currently required by ASC 280 in interim periods; (4) clarification that if the CODM uses more than one measure of a segment's profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocation resources, a public entity may report one or more of those additional measures of segment profit (at least one of the reported segment profit or loss measures, or the single reported measure if only one is disclosed, should be the measure that is the most consistent with the measurement principles used in measuring the corresponding amounts in the public entity's consolidated financial statements); (5) requirement that a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources; and (6) requirement that a public entity that has a single reportable segment provide all the disclosures by the amendments in the update and all existing segment disclosures in ASC 280. 
 The amendments in the update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. For public business entities, amendments in the update should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented in the financial statements, and upon transition to the segment expense categories and amounts disclosed in the prior periods should be based on the significant segment expense categories identified and disclosed in the period of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its disclosures, however does not expect adoption of the update to have a material impact of the consolidated financial statements. 
 On December 13, 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-08, "Intangibles Goodwill and Other Crypto Assets (Subtopic 350-60): Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets" , to provide improved accounting and disclosure guidance for crypto assets. Stakeholders stated that current accounting guidance, except as provided in GAAP for certain specialized industries, surrounding crypto asset holdings as indefinite-lived intangible assets fails to provide financial statement users with decision-useful information. To remedy these shortcomings, the amendments in this update require an entity present (1) crypto assets measured at fair value separately from other intangible assets reported in the balance sheet and (2) changes from the remeasurement of crypto assets separately from changes in the carrying amounts of other intangible assets in the income 
 statement. While the amendments in the update do not otherwise change the presentation requirements for the statement of cash flows, they do require specific presentation of cash receipts arising from crypto assets that are received as noncash consideration in the ordinary course of business and are converted nearly immediately into cash. 
 The amendments in the update also provide for several enhancements related to disclosure of an entity's crypto asset holdings. For annual and interim reporting periods, the amendments in the update require an entity disclose the following information: (1) the name, cost basis, fair value, and number of units for each significant crypto asset holding and aggregate fair values and costs bases of the crypto asset holdings that are not individually significant; and (2) for crypto assets that are subject to contractual sale restrictions, the fair value of those crypto assets, the nature and remaining duration of the restriction(s), and the circumstances that could cause the restriction(s) to lapse. For annual reporting periods, the amendments in the update require an entity disclose the following information: (1) a rollforward, in the aggregate, of activity in the reporting period for crypto asset holdings, including additions (with a description of the activities that resulted in the additions), dispositions, gains, and losses; (2) for any dispositions for crypto assets in the reporting period, the difference between the disposal price and the cost basis and a description of the activities that resulted in the dispositions; (3) if gains and losses are not presented separately, the income statement line item in which those gains and losses are recognized; and (4) the method for determining the cost basis of crypto assets. 
 The amendments in this update are effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued (or made available for issuance). If an entity adopts the amendments in an interim period, it must adopt them as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The amendments in this update require a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings (or other appropriate components of equity or net assets) as of the beginning of the annual reporting period in which an entity adopts the amendments. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this update on its disclosures, however does not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements based upon the nature of the Company's current operations. 
 On December 14, 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures" , to address investor requests for greater transparency in regards to income tax information through improvements to income tax disclosures primarily related to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid information. The amendments are designed to enhance transparency surrounding income tax disclosures by requiring (1) consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation; and (2) income taxes paid disaggregation by taxing jurisdiction, which will allow investors to better assess, in their capital allocation decisions, how an entity's operations and related tax risks and tax planning and operational opportunities affect its income tax rate and prospects for future cash flows. Other amendments in this update are designed to improve the effectiveness and comparability of disclosures by (1) adding disclosures of pretax income (loss) and income tax expense (benefit) to be consistent with the SEC's Regulation S-X 210.4-08(h), Rules of General Application-General Notes to Financial Statements: Income Tax Expense; and (2) removing disclosures that are no longer considered cost beneficial or relevant. 
 The amendments in this update are effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after December 31, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The amendments in this update should be applied on a prospective basis, however retrospective application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this update on its disclosures, however does not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2. 

) Mortgage-backed securities: residential ) State and municipal securities ) Total ) December 31, 2023 U.S. government sponsored agencies ) Mortgage-backed securities: residential ) State and municipal securities ) Total ) 
 Held-to-Maturity Securities 
 ) December 31, 2023 State and municipal securities ) 
 The Company has the current intent and ability to hold held-to-maturity securities until maturity. All of the Company's securities designated as held-to-maturity were transferred from the available-for-sale classification. The net unrealized gain or loss on the transferred securities was recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at the time of the transfer and is amortized over the remaining life of the underlying securities as an adjustment to the yield on those securities. The net amount of the unamortized unrealized loss on the transferred securities included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) was million million, net of tax) at September 30, 2024. 

8 

Table of Contents 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total debt securities 
 Gross gains Gross losses ) ) ) Number of securities 
 In accordance with ASU No. 2017-8, purchase premiums for callable securities are amortized to the earliest call date and premiums on non-callable securities as well as discounts are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the terms of the securities or over the estimated lives of mortgage-backed securities. Gains and losses on sales are based on the amortized cost of the security sold and recorded on the trade date. 
 
 million and million were pledged as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, as collateral for borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") and Federal Reserve Bank and for other purposes as permitted or required by law. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Mortgage-backed securities: residential State and municipal securities Total available-for-sale December 31, 2023 U.S. government sponsored agencies Mortgage-backed securities: residential State and municipal securities Total available-for-sale 
 December 31, 2023 State and municipal securities 
 Mortgage-backed securities: residential State and municipal securities Total temporarily impaired December 31, 2023 U.S. government sponsored agencies Mortgage-backed securities: residential State and municipal securities Total temporarily impaired 
 Available-for-sale debt securities in unrealized loss positions are evaluated for impairment related to credit losses at least quarterly. For available-for-sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position, management first assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell, the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through the consolidated income statement. For available-for-sale debt securities that do not meet the above criteria and for held-to-maturity securities, management evaluates whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, management considers the extent to which fair value is 
 10 

Table of Contents 

allowance for credit losses for available-for-sale or held-to-maturity debt securities was recorded at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Accrued interest receivable on securities totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 The U.S. government sponsored agencies and mortgage-backed securities are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government, are highly rated by major credit rating agencies, and have a long history of no credit losses. Therefore, for those securities, we do not record expected credit losses. State and municipal securities credit losses are benchmarked against highly rated municipal securities of similar duration, as published by Moody's, resulting in an immaterial allowance for credit losses. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 3. 
 Non-working capital loans Total commercial and industrial loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Construction and land development loans Owner occupied loans Nonowner occupied loans Multifamily loans Total commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Loans for agricultural production Total agri-business and agricultural loans Other commercial loans: Total commercial loans Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Open end and junior lien loans Residential construction and land development loans Total consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans Other consumer loans Total consumer loans Subtotal Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net deferred loan fees ) ) Loans, net 
 The recorded investment in loans does not include accrued interest, which totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company h ad and in residential real estate loans in the process of foreclosure as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 4. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

13 

Table of Contents 

Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net loans (charged-off) recovered ) ) ) Ending balance 
 (dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate and Multifamily Residential Agri-business and Agricultural Other Commercial Consumer 1-4 Family Mortgage Other Consumer Unallocated Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Beginning balance, July 1 Provision for credit losses ) ) ) Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net loans (charged-off) recovered ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Provision for credit losses ) ) ) Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net loans (charged-off) recovered ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 (dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate and Multifamily Residential Agri-business and Agricultural Other Commercial Consumer 1-4 Family Mortgage Other Consumer Unallocated Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Beginning balance, January 1 Provision for credit losses ) ) Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net loans (charged-off) recovered ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 14 

Table of Contents 

. 
 The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 
 Special Mention. Loans classified as Special Mention have a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the Company s credit position at some future date. 
 Substandard. Loans classified as Substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 Doubtful. Loans classified as Doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as Substandard, with the added characteristics that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. 
 Loans are considered to be "Pass" rated when they are reviewed as part of the previously described process and do not meet the criteria above, which are evaluated and listed with Substandard commercial grade loans and consumer nonaccrual loans, which are evaluated individually and listed with Not Rated loans. Loans listed as Not Rated are consumer loans or commercial loans with consumer characteristics included in groups of homogenous loans which are analyzed for credit quality indicators utilizing delinquency status. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Working capital lines of credit loans: Current period gross write offs Non-working capital loans: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Not Rated Total Non-working capital loans: Current period gross write offs Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Construction and land development loans: Pass Special Mention Total Construction and land development loans: Current period gross write offs Owner occupied loans: Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Owner occupied loans: Current period gross write offs Nonowner occupied loans: 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Special Mention Nonowner occupied loans: Total Nonowner occupied loans: Current period gross write offs Multifamily loans: Pass Special Mention Total Multifamily loans: Current period gross write offs Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland: Pass Substandard Total Loans secured by farmland: Current period gross write offs Loans for agricultural production: Pass Special Mention Total Loans for agricultural production: Current period gross write offs Other commercial loans: Pass Special Mention Total Other commercial loans: Current period gross write offs Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans: Pass Special Mention Substandard 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Total Closed end first mortgage loans: Current period gross write offs Open end and junior lien loans: Pass Special Mention Substandard Not Rated Total Open end and junior lien loans: Current period gross write offs Residential construction loans: Not Rated Total Residential construction loans: Current period gross write offs Other consumer loans: Pass Special Mention Substandard Not Rated Total Other consumer loans: Current period gross write offs Total Loans Total period gross write offs 
 As of September 30, 2024, million in PPP loans were included in the "Pass" category of non-working capital commercial and industrial loans. These loans were included in this risk rating category because they are fully guaranteed by the Small Business Administration ("SBA"). 

18 

Table of Contents 

Special Mention Substandard Total Working capital lines of credit loans: Current period gross write offs Non-working capital loans: Pass Special Mention Substandard Not Rated Total Non-working capital loans: Current period gross write offs Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Construction and land development loans: Pass Total Construction and land development loans: Current period gross write offs Owner occupied loans: Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Owner occupied loans: Current period gross write offs Nonowner occupied loans: Pass 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Total Nonowner occupied loans: Current period gross write offs Multifamily loans: Pass Special Mention Total Multifamily loans: Current period gross write offs Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland: Pass Substandard Total Loans secured by farmland: Current period gross write offs Loans for agricultural production: Pass Special Mention Total Loans for agricultural production: Current period gross write offs Other commercial loans: Pass Special Mention Total Other commercial loans: Current period gross write offs Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans: Pass Special Mention Substandard Not Rated 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Closed end first mortgage loans: Current period gross write offs Open end and junior lien loans: Pass Substandard Not Rated Total Open end and junior lien loans: Current period gross write offs Residential construction loans: Not Rated Total Residential construction loans: Current period gross write offs Other consumer loans: Pass Substandard Not Rated Total Other consumer loans: Current period gross write offs Total loans Total current period gross write offs 
 As of December 31, 2023, million in PPP loans were included in the "Pass" category of non-working capital commercial and industrial loans. These loans were included in this risk rating category because they are fully guaranteed by the SBA. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Construction and land development loans Owner occupied loans Nonowner occupied loans Multifamily loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Loans for agricultural production Other commercial loans Consumer 1 4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Open end and junior lien loans Residential construction loans Other consumer loans Total 
 An insignificant amount of interest income was recognized on nonaccrual loans during the nine month period ended September 30, 2024. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Construction and land development loans Owner occupied loans Nonowner occupied loans Multifamily loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Loans for agricultural production Other commercial loans Consumer 1 4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Open end and junior lien loans Residential construction loans Other consumer loans Total 
 An insignificant amount of interest income was recognized on nonaccrual loans during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 When management determines that foreclosure is probable, expected credit losses for collateral dependent loans are based on the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date, adjusted for selling costs as appropriate. A loan is considered collateral dependent when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the loan is expected to be repaid substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral. The class of loan represents the primary collateral type associated with the loan. Significant quarter over quarter changes are reflective of changes in nonaccrual status and not necessarily associated with credit quality indicators like appraisal value. 

23 

Table of Contents 

Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Owner occupied loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Open end and junior lien loans Residential construction and land development loans Other consumer loans Total 
 December 31, 2023 
 (dollars in thousands) Real Estate General Business Assets Other Total Commercial and industrial loans: Working capital lines of credit loans Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Owner occupied loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Open end and junior lien loans Other consumer loans Total 

24 

Table of Contents 

Non-working capital loans Total commercial and industrial loans Total loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty 
 
 Non-working capital loans Total commercial and industrial loans Total loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty 
 to borrowers included in the previous tables . 
 
 None None Non-working capital loans months Extension of payment terms from monthly variable rate interest only payments with balloon payment at end of term to fully amortizing ten year fixed rate principal and interest payment schedule 
 Total months 
 25 

Table of Contents 

None None Non-working capital loans (1) months Extension of payment terms from fully amortizing variable rate month term to month fixed rate term with month amortization schedule, monthly interest and semiannual principal payments, and excess cash flow recapture provisions 
 
 Extension of payment terms from monthly variable rate interest only payments with balloon payment at end of term to fully amortizing ten year fixed rate principal and interest payment schedule 
 Total months 
 (1) Principal forgiveness of million represents million non-working capital loan, of which million was charged off. 

NOTE 5. 
 outstanding advances from the FHLB. For the period ended December 31, 2023, the Company had a fixed rate bullet advance from the FHLB with an interest rate of in the amount of million that matured on January 5, 2024. Federal Funds purchased were million at September 30, 2024, and there were at December 31, 2023. 
 million. The credit agreement has a term which may be amended, extended, modified or renewed. Funds provided under the agreement can be used to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock under the share repurchase program, which was reauthorized by the Company s board of directors on April 11, 2023 and expires on April 30, 2025, and for general operations. The credit agreement includes a negative pledge agreement whereby the Company agrees not to pledge or otherwise encumber the stock of the Bank. There were outstanding borrowings on the credit agreement at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

, government MBS/CMO +/- and U.S. treasuries +/- . If any securities fall outside the tolerance threshold and have a variance of or more, a determination of materiality is made for the amount over the threshold. Any security that would have a material threshold difference would be further investigated to determine why the variance exists and if any action is needed concerning the security pricing for that individual security. Changes in market value are reviewed monthly in aggregate by security type and any material changes are reviewed to determine why they exist. At least annually, the pricing methodology of the pricing service is received and reviewed to support the fair value levels used by the Company. A detailed pricing evaluation is requested and reviewed on any security determined to be fair valued using unobservable inputs by the pricing service. 
 Mortgage banking derivative: The fair values of mortgage banking derivatives are based on observable market data as of the measurement date (Level 2). 
 Interest rate swap derivatives: Our derivatives are traded in an over-the-counter market where quoted market prices are not always available. Therefore, the fair values of derivatives are determined using quantitative models that utilize multiple market inputs. The inputs will vary based on the type of derivative, but could include interest rates, prices and indices to generate continuous yield or pricing curves, prepayment rates, and volatility factors to value the position. The majority of market inputs are actively quoted and can be validated through external sources, including brokers, market transactions and third-party pricing services. The fair value of interest rate swap derivatives is determined by pricing or valuation models using observable market data as of the measurement date (Level 2). 
 Collateral dependent loans: Collateral dependent loans with specific allocations of the allowance for credit losses are generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral when repayment is expected solely from the collateral. Fair value is determined using several methods. Generally, the fair value of real estate is based on appraisals by qualified third party 
 27 

Table of Contents 

- with the higher discounts applied to real estate that is determined to have a thin trading market or to be specialized collateral. In addition to real estate, the Company s management evaluates other types of collateral as follows: (a) raw and finished inventory is discounted from its cost or book value by - , depending on the marketability of the goods; (b) finished goods are generally discounted by - , depending on the ease of marketability, cost of transportation or scope of use of the finished good; (c) work in process inventory is typically discounted by - , depending on the length of manufacturing time, types of components used in the completion process, and the breadth of the user base; (d) equipment is valued at a percentage of depreciated book value or recent appraised value, if available, and is typically discounted at - after various considerations including age and condition of the equipment, marketability, breadth of use, and whether the equipment includes unique components or add-ons; and (e) marketable securities are discounted by - , depending on the type of investment, age of valuation report and general market conditions. This methodology is based on a market approach and typically results in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. 
 Mortgage servicing rights: As of September 30, 2024, the value of the Company s Level 3 servicing assets for residential mortgage loans MSRs was million, carried at amortized cost and no valuation reserve. These residential mortgage loans have a weighted average interest rate of , a weighted average maturity of years and are secured by homes generally within the Company s market area of Northern Indiana and Indianapolis. A third-party valuation is used to estimate fair value by stratifying the portfolios on the basis of certain risk characteristics, including loan type and interest rate. Impairment is estimated based on an income approach. The inputs used include estimates of prepayment speeds, discount rate, cost to service, escrow account earnings, contractual servicing fee income, ancillary income, late fees and float income. The most significant assumption used to value MSRs is prepayment rate. Prepayment rates are estimated based on published industry consensus prepayment rates. The most significant unobservable assumption is the discount rate. At September 30, 2024, the constant prepayment speed PSA used was and used a discount rate range of - . At December 31, 2023, the PSA used was and the discount rate used was . 
 Other real estate owned: Nonrecurring adjustments to certain commercial and residential real estate properties, classified as other real estate owned, are measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are generally based on third party appraisals of the property and are reviewed by the Company s internal appraisal officer. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable properties used to determine value. Such adjustments are usually significant and result in a Level 3 classification. In addition, the Company s management may apply discount factors to the appraisals to take into account changing business factors and market conditions, as well as value impairment in cases where the appraisal date predates a likely change in market conditions. In cases where the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized. 
 Real estate mortgage loans held-for-sale : Real estate mortgage loans held-for-sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, as determined by outstanding commitments, from third party investors, and result in a Level 2 classification. 

28 

Table of Contents 

Mortgage-backed securities: residential State and municipal securities Total securities available-for-sale Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Total assets Liabilities: Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Total liabilities 
 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Measurements Using Assets at Fair Value (dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: U.S. government sponsored agency securities Mortgage-backed securities: residential State and municipal securities Total securities available-for-sale Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Total assets Liabilities: Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Total liabilities 
 The fair value of Level 3 available-for-sale securities was immaterial and thus did not require additional recurring fair value disclosure. 

29 

Table of Contents 

Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Owner occupied loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Total collateral dependent loans Other real estate owned Total assets 
 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Measurements Using Assets at Fair Value (dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Collateral dependent loans: Commercial and industrial loans: Working capital lines of credit loans Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Owner occupied loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Total collateral dependent loans Other real estate owned Total assets 
 Collateral based measurements Discount to reflect current market conditions and ultimate collectability - 
 Collateral dependent loans: Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans Collateral based measurements Discount to reflect current market conditions and ultimate collectability Collateral dependent loans: Agri-business and agricultural Collateral based measurements Discount to reflect current market conditions and ultimate collectability Other real estate owned Appraisals Discount to reflect current market conditions and ultimate collectability 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Collateral based measurements Discount to reflect current market conditions and ultimate collectability - 
 Collateral dependent loans: Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans Collateral based measurements Discount to reflect current market conditions and ultimate collectability - 
 Collateral dependent loans: Agri-business and agricultural Collateral based measurements Discount to reflect current market conditions and ultimate collectability Other real estate owned Appraisals Discount to reflect current market conditions and ultimate collectability 
 Securities available-for-sale Securities held-to-maturity Real estate mortgages held-for-sale Loans, net Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Federal Reserve and Federal Home Loan Bank Stock N/A N/A N/A N/A Accrued interest receivable Financial Liabilities: Certificates of deposit All other deposits Federal Funds purchased Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Standby letters of credit Accrued interest payable 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Securities available-for-sale Securities held-to-maturity Real estate mortgages held-for-sale Loans, net Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Federal Reserve and Federal Home Loan Bank Stock N/A N/A N/A N/A Accrued interest receivable Financial Liabilities: Certificates of deposit All other deposits Federal Home Loan Bank advances Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Standby letters of credit Accrued interest payable 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 ) Total Assets ) Liabilities Interest Rate Swap Derivatives Total Liabilities 
 32 

Table of Contents 

) Total Assets ) Liabilities Interest Rate Swap Derivatives ) Total Liabilities ) 
 If an event of default occurs causing an early termination of an interest rate swap derivative, any early termination amount payable to one party by the other party may be reduced by set-off against any other amount payable by the one party to the other party. If a default in performance of any obligation of a repurchase agreement occurs, each party will set-off property held in respect of transactions against obligations owing in respect of any other transactions. 
 
 NOTE 8. 
 of which were antidilutive. 
 Dilutive effect of stock based awards Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted earnings per common share Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 

33 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 9. ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 (dollars in thousands) Unrealized Gains and Losses on Available- for-Sales Securities Defined Benefit Pension Items Total Balance at July 1, 2023 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 (dollars in thousands) Unrealized Gains and Losses on Available- for-Sales Securities Defined Benefit Pension Items Total Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Interest income Realized gains and (losses) on available-for-sale securities Net securities gains (losses) Tax effect Income tax expense ) Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items ) Other expense Tax effect Income tax expense ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period ) Net income 
 Reclassifications out of other accumulated comprehensive income (loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2023 are as follows: 
 Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Components Amount Reclassified From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Affected Line Item in the Statement Where Net Income is Presented (dollars in thousands) Amortization of unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities ) Interest income Realized gains and (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) Net securities gains (losses) Tax effect Income tax expense ) Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items ) Other expense Tax effect Income tax expense ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period ) Net income 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Interest income Realized gains and (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) Net securities gains (losses) Tax effect Income tax expense ) Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items ) Other expense Tax effect Income tax expense ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period ) Net income 
 Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 are as follows: 
 Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Components Amount Reclassified From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Affected Line Item in the Statement Where Net Income is Presented (dollars in thousands) Amortization of unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities ) Interest income Realized gains and (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) Net securities gains (losses) Tax effect Income tax expense ) Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items ) Other expense Tax effect Income tax expense ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period ) Net income 
 
 NOTE 10. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter 
 Total undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) Lease liability Right-of-use asset 
 Short-term lease cost Total lease cost Other information Operating cash outflows from operating leases Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases years years years years Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 
 
 NOTE 11. 
 
 million accrual was recorded and recognized during the second quarter of 2024 related to the resolution of this matter. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 Net income in the first nine months of 2024 was 69.3 million, which increased 5.1 million , or 8.0 , from 64.1 million for the comparable period of 2023 . Diluted income per common share was 2.69 in the first nine months of 2024 , an increase of 8.0 from 2.49 in the comparable period of 2023 . The increase in net income for 2024 was primarily due to an increase to noninterest income of 12.3 million, or 37.7 , and a decrease in noninterest expense of 6.8 million, or 6.7 . Offsetting these effects was an increase in the provision for credit losses of 7.5 million, or 135.3 , and a decrease to net interest income of 3.5 million, or 2.3 . Pretax pre-provision earnings, a non-GAAP measure calculated by adding net interest income to noninterest income and subtracting noninterest expense, were 95.5 million in the first nine months of 2024 , an increase of 15.7 million , or 19.7 , compared to 79.8 million for the comparable period of 2023 . 
 Annualized return on average total equity was 14.21 in the first nine months of 2024 versus 14.44 in the comparable period of 2023 . Annualized return on average total assets was 1.40 in the first nine months of 2024 versus 1.33 for the comparable period of 2023 . The Company's average equity to average assets ratio was 9.84 in the first nine months of 2024 versus 9.21 in the comparable period of 2023 . 
 
 Net income in the third quarter of 2024 was 23.3 million, down 1.9 million, or 7.6 , from 25.3 million for the comparable period of 2023. Diluted earnings per common share was 0.91 in the third quarter of 2024, down 7.1 from 0.98 in the comparable period of 2023. The decrease was driven primarily by an increase in provision for credit losses of 2.7 million and an increase in noninterest expense of 1.3 million, or 4.5 . Offsetting these effects was an increase in noninterest income of 1.1 million, or 10.0 , and an increase in net interest income of 880,000, or 1.8 . Pretax pre-provision earnings in the third quarter of 2024 were 30.8 million, an increase of 666,000, or 2.2 , compared to 30.1 million for the comparable period of 2023. 
 Annualized return on average total equity was 13.85 in the third quarter of 2024 versus 16.91 in the comparable period of 2023. Annualized return on average total assets was 1.39 in the third quarter of 2024 versus 1.54 in the comparable period of 2023. The average equity to average assets ratio was 10.07 in the third quarter of 2024 versus 9.12 in the comparable period of 2023. 

The Company s tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, was 10.47 at September 30, 2024, compared to 8.62 at September 30, 2023 and 9.91 at December 31, 2023. Unrealized losses from available-for-sale investment securities were 154.5 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 266.4 million at September 30, 2023 and 174.6 million at December 31, 2023. When excluding the impact of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") on tangible common equity and tangible assets, the Company's adjusted tangible common equity to adjusted tangible assets ratio, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, was 12.29 at September 30, 2024, compared to 11.74 at September 30, 2023 and 11.99 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Total assets were 6.645 billion as of September 30, 2024 versus 6.524 billion as of December 31, 2023, an increase of 121.3 million, or 1.9 . Total loans, net of the allowance for credit losses, increased 153.8 million, or 3.2 , which was the primary driver of balance sheet expansion between December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024. Offsetting the increase to loans, net of the allowance of credit losses, was a decrease in available-for-sale securities of 35.1 million, or 3.3 . Total deposits increased by 116.8 million, or 2.0 , between December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024. Total equity increased 49.4 million, or 7.6 , from 649.8 million at December 31, 2023 to 699.2 million at September 30, 2024. Retained earnings increased 31.8 million, or 4.6 , primarily as a result of net income of 69.3 million and reduced by dividends declared and paid of 37.0 million. AOCI increased 17.1 million, or 11.0 , from improvement in the fair market values of available-for-sale investment securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 The Company s accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Certain of the Company s accounting policies are important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition, since they require management to make difficult, complex or subjective judgments, some of which may relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. Estimates associated with these policies are susceptible to material changes as a result of changes in facts and circumstances. Some of the facts and circumstances which could affect these judgments include changes in interest 
 38 

Table of Contents 

rates, in the performance of the economy or in the financial condition of borrowers. Management believes that its critical accounting policies include determining the allowance for credit losses. See Note 4 Allowance for Credit Losses and Credit Quality for more information on this critical accounting policy. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Overview 
 Selected income statement information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is presented in the following table: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Income Statement Summary: Net interest income (a) 49,273 48,393 144,985 148,436 Provision for credit losses 3,059 400 13,059 5,550 Noninterest income (b) 11,917 10,835 44,968 32,650 Noninterest expense (c) 30,393 29,097 94,431 101,265 Other Data: Efficiency ratio (1) 49.67 49.13 49.71 55.92 Diluted EPS 0.91 0.98 2.69 2.49 Average Equity/Average Assets 10.07 9.12 9.84 9.21 Tangible capital ratio (2) 10.47 8.62 10.47 8.62 Adjusted tangible capital ratio (3) 12.29 11.74 12.29 11.74 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.01 0.03 0.04 0.17 Net interest margin 3.16 3.21 3.16 3.33 Noninterest income to total revenue 19.48 18.29 23.67 18.03 Pretax pre-provision earnings (4) 30,797 30,131 95,522 79,821 

(1) Noninterest expense (c) / (Net interest income (a) + Noninterest income (b)) = Efficiency Ratio 
 (2) Non-GAAP financial measure. Calculated by subtracting intangible assets, net of deferred tax, from total assets and total equity. Management believes this is an important measure because it is useful for planning and forecasting purposes. See reconciliation on the following pages. 
 (3) Non-GAAP financial measure. Calculated by removing the fair market value adjustment impact of the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") from tangible equity and tangible assets. Management believes this is an important measure because it provides better comparability to periods preceding the recent significant rise in prevailing interest rates and demonstrates long-term trends capital strength. See reconciliation on the following pages. 
 (4) Non-GAAP financial measure. Pretax pre-provision earnings is calculated by adding net interest income to noninterest income and subtracting noninterest expense. Management believes this is an important measure because it may enable investors to identify the trends in the Company's earnings exclusive of the effects of tax and provision expense, which may vary significantly from period to period. See reconciliation on the following pages. 

39 

Table of Contents 

The Company believes that providing non-GAAP financial measures provides investors with information useful to understanding the Company's financial performance. 
 Tangible common equity, adjusted tangible common equity, tangible assets, adjusted tangible assets, tangible book value per common share, tangible common equity to tangible assets, adjusted tangible common equity to adjusted tangible assets, and pretax pre-provision earnings are non-GAAP financial measures calculated based on GAAP amounts. Tangible common equity is calculated by excluding the balance of goodwill and other intangible assets from the calculation of equity, net of deferred tax. Tangible assets are calculated by excluding the balance of goodwill and other intangible assets from the calculation of total assets, net of deferred tax. Adjusted tangible assets and adjusted tangible common equity remove the fair market value adjustment impact of the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI"). Tangible book value per common share is calculated by dividing tangible common equity by the number of shares outstanding less true treasury stock. Pretax pre-provision earnings is calculated by adding net interest income to noninterest income and subtracting noninterest expense. Because not all companies use the same calculation of tangible common equity and tangible assets, this presentation may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures calculated by other companies. However, management considers these measures of the company s value meaningful to understanding of the company s financial information and performance. 
 A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures is provided below (dollars in thousands, except per share data). 
 
 As of and For The As of and For The Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total Equity 699,181 557,184 699,181 557,184 Less: Goodwill (4,970) (4,970) (4,970) (4,970) Plus: Deferred Tax Assets Related to Goodwill 1,167 1,167 1,167 1,167 Tangible Common Equity (A) 695,378 553,381 695,378 553,381 Market Value Adjustment in AOCI 137,435 227,375 137,435 227,375 Adjusted Tangible Common Equity (C) 832,813 780,756 832,813 780,756 Total Assets 6,645,371 6,426,844 6,645,371 6,426,844 Less: Goodwill (4,970) (4,970) (4,970) (4,970) Plus: Deferred Tax Assets Related to Goodwill 1,167 1,167 1,167 1,167 Tangible Assets (B) 6,641,568 6,423,041 6,641,568 6,423,041 Market Value Adjustment in AOCI 137,435 227,375 137,435 227,375 Adjusted Tangible Assets (D) 6,779,003 6,650,416 6,779,003 6,650,416 Ending Common Shares Issued (E) 25,684,916 25,614,163 25,684,916 25,614,163 Tangible Book Value per Common Share (A/E) 27.07 21.60 27.07 21.60 Tangible Capital Ratio (A/B) 10.47 8.62 10.47 8.62 Adjusted Tangible Capital Ratio (C/D) 12.29 11.74 12.29 11.74 Net Interest Income 49,273 48,393 144,985 148,436 Plus: Noninterest Income 11,917 10,835 44,968 32,650 Minus: Noninterest Expense (30,393) (29,097) (94,431) (101,265) Pretax Pre-Provision Earnings 30,797 30,131 95,522 79,821 

40 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted core noninterest income, adjusted core noninterest expense, adjusted earnings before income taxes, core operational profitability, core operational diluted earnings per common share and adjusted core efficiency ratio are non-GAAP financial measures calculated based on GAAP amounts. These adjusted amounts are calculated by excluding the impact of the net gain on Visa shares, legal accrual, and wire fraud loss and associated insurance and loss recoveries and adjustments to salaries and employee benefits expense for the periods presented below. Management considers these measures of financial performance to be meaningful to understanding the company s core business performance for these periods. 
 A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures is provided below (dollars in thousands, except per share data). 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Sep. 30, 2024 Sep. 30, 2023 Sep. 30, 2024 Sep. 30, 2023 Noninterest Income 11,917 10,835 44,968 32,650 Less: Net (Gain) Loss on Visa Shares 15 0 (8,996) 0 Less: Insurance Recoveries 0 0 (1,000) 0 Adjusted Core Noninterest Income 11,932 10,835 34,972 32,650 Noninterest Expense 30,393 29,097 94,431 101,265 Less: Legal Accrual 0 0 (4,537) 0 Less: Wire Fraud Loss 0 0 0 (18,058) Plus: Salaries and Employee Benefits (1) 0 0 0 1,850 Adjusted Core Noninterest Expense 30,393 29,097 89,894 85,057 Earnings Before Income Taxes 27,738 29,731 82,463 74,271 Adjusted Core Impact: Noninterest Income 15 0 (9,996) 0 Noninterest Expense 0 0 4,537 16,208 Total Adjusted Core Impact 15 0 (5,459) 16,208 Adjusted Earnings Before Income Taxes 27,753 29,731 77,004 90,479 Tax Effect (4,404) (4,479) (11,817) (14,123) Core Operational Profitability (2) 23,349 25,252 65,187 76,356 Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 0.91 0.98 2.69 2.49 Impact of Adjusted Core Items 0.00 0.00 (0.16) 0.48 Core Operational Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 0.91 0.98 2.53 2.97 Adjusted Core Efficiency Ratio 49.66 49.13 49.95 46.97 
 (1) In 2023, long-term, incentive-based compensation accruals were reduced as a result of the wire fraud loss and associated insurance and loss recoveries. 
 (2) Core operational profitability was 11,000 higher than reported net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Core operational profitability was 4.1 million lower than reported net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Net Income 
 
 Net income was 69.3 million in the first nine months of 2024, which increased 5.1 million , or 8.0 , from 64.1 million for the comparable period of 2023 . Diluted income per common share was 2.69 in the first nine months of 2024 , an increase of 8.0 from 2.49 in the comparable period of 2023 . The increase in net income for the first nine months of 2024 was primarily due to an increase to noninterest income of 12.3 million, or 37.7 , and a decrease in noninterest expense of 6.8 million, or 6.7 . Offsetting these effects was a decrease to net interest income of 3.5 million, or 2.3 , and an increase in the provision for credit losses of 7.5 million, or 135.3 . 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Net income during the third quarter of 2024 was 23.3 million, down 7.6 from 25.3 million for the comparable period of 2023. Diluted earnings per common share was 0.91 in the third quarter of 2024, down 7.1 from 0.98 in the comparable period of 2023. The decrease was driven primarily by an increase in the provision for credit losses of 2.7 million and an increase in noninterest expense of 1.3 million, or 4.5 , and was offset by an increase in noninterest income of 1.1 million, or 10.0 and an increase in net interest income of 880,000, or 1.8 . 
 
 N et Interest Income 
 The following tables set forth consolidated information regarding average balances and rates: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (fully tax equivalent basis, dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Yield (1)/ Rate Average Balance Interest Yield (1)/ Rate Earning Assets Loans: Taxable (2)(3) 4,982,891 252,386 6.77 4,733,421 223,499 6.31 Tax exempt (1) 40,665 2,267 7.45 58,010 3,577 8.24 Investments: Securities (1) 1,135,304 23,987 2.82 1,210,540 25,645 2.83 Short-term investments 2,796 103 4.92 2,362 77 4.36 Interest bearing deposits 119,021 4,618 5.18 99,205 3,527 4.75 Total earning assets 6,280,677 283,361 6.03 6,103,538 256,325 5.61 Less: Allowance for credit losses (76,003) (72,242) Nonearning Assets Cash and due from banks 65,608 71,406 Premises and equipment 58,695 58,699 Other nonearning assets 289,125 286,915 Total assets 6,618,102 6,448,316 Interest Bearing Liabilities Savings deposits 288,283 141 0.07 360,535 194 0.07 Interest bearing checking accounts 3,206,452 97,511 4.06 2,854,161 76,518 3.58 Time deposits: In denominations under 100,000 218,755 5,702 3.48 196,914 3,296 2.24 In denominations over 100,000 814,034 27,729 4.55 616,477 15,629 3.39 Miscellaneous short-term borrowings 88,605 3,720 5.61 218,561 8,252 5.05 Total interest bearing liabilities 4,616,129 134,803 3.90 4,246,648 103,889 3.27 Noninterest Bearing Liabilities Demand deposits 1,249,710 1,509,292 Other liabilities 100,806 98,313 Stockholders' Equity 651,457 594,063 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 6,618,102 6,448,316 Interest Margin Recap Interest income/average earning assets 283,361 6.03 256,325 5.61 Interest expense/average earning assets 134,803 2.87 103,889 2.28 Net interest income and margin 148,558 3.16 152,436 3.33 
 
 (1) Tax exempt income was converted to a fully taxable equivalent basis at a 21 percent tax rate. The tax equivalent rate for tax exempt loans and tax exempt securities acquired after January 1, 1983 included the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 TEFRA adjustment applicable to nondeductible interest expenses. Taxable equivalent basis adjustments were 3.6 million and 4.0 million for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Loan fees, which are immaterial in relation to total taxable loan interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , are included as taxable loan interest income. 
 (3) Nonaccrual loans are included in the average balance of taxable loans. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (fully tax equivalent basis, dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Yield (1)/ Rate Average Balance Interest Yield (1)/ Rate Earning Assets Loans: Taxable (2)(3) 5,037,855 86,118 6.80 4,791,156 78,910 6.53 Tax exempt (1) 26,493 366 5.50 58,602 1,258 8.52 Investments: Securities (1) 1,128,705 7,871 2.77 1,171,426 8,169 2.77 Short-term investments 2,841 35 4.90 2,533 29 4.54 Interest bearing deposits 133,393 1,738 5.18 122,177 1,576 5.12 Total earning assets 6,329,287 96,128 6.04 6,145,894 89,942 5.81 Less: Allowance for credit losses (81,353) (71,997) Nonearning Assets Cash and due from banks 63,744 68,669 Premises and equipment 59,493 58,782 Other nonearning assets 285,293 297,636 Total assets 6,656,464 6,498,984 Interest Bearing Liabilities Savings deposits 280,180 45 0.06 329,557 57 0.07 Interest bearing checking accounts 3,295,911 33,822 4.08 2,873,795 27,891 3.85 Time deposits: In denominations under 100,000 215,020 1,914 3.54 211,039 1,507 2.83 In denominations over 100,000 844,882 9,775 4.60 740,434 7,653 4.10 Miscellaneous short-term borrowings 13,752 189 5.48 227,555 3,122 5.44 Total interest bearing liabilities 4,649,745 45,745 3.91 4,382,380 40,230 3.64 Noninterest Bearing Liabilities Demand deposits 1,244,184 1,417,641 Other liabilities 92,375 106,453 Stockholders' Equity 670,160 592,510 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 6,656,464 6,498,984 Interest Margin Recap Interest income/average earning assets 96,128 6.04 89,942 5.81 Interest expense/average earning assets 45,745 2.88 40,230 2.60 Net interest income and margin 50,383 3.16 49,712 3.21 
 
 (1) Tax exempt income was converted to a fully taxable equivalent basis at a 21 percent tax rate. The tax equivalent rate for tax exempt loans and tax exempt securities acquired after January 1, 1983 included the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 TEFRA adjustment applicable to nondeductible interest expenses. Taxable equivalent basis adjustments were 1.1 million and 1.3 million in the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Loan fees, which are immaterial in relation to total taxable loan interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, are included as taxable loan interest income . 
 (3) Nonaccrual loans are included in the average balance of taxable loans. 
 
 Net interest income, on a fully tax equivalent basis, decreased 3.9 million, or 2.5 , to 148.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 152.4 million for the first nine months of 2023 . The decline in net interest income on a fully tax equivalent basis was driven by an increase in deposit interest expense of 35.4 million , or 37.1 , from 95.6 million to 131.1 million . Securities interest income contributed further to the decline in fully tax equivalent net interest income, declining 1.7 million , or 6.5 . Loan interest income positively impacted fully tax equivalent net interest income, increasing 27.6 million, or 12.1 , from 227.1 million to 254.7 million between the two periods. Borrowings expense declined 4.5 million, or 54.9 . 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Total average earning assets were 6.281 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 177.1 million, or 2.9 , compared to 6.104 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . Average loans outstanding drove the increase to total average earning assets, increasing 232.1 million, or 4.8 , to 5.024 billion from 4.791 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . Offsetting this increase was a decrease to average investment securities of 75.2 million, or 6.2 , to 1.135 billion from 1.211 billion between the respective periods . Total average interest bearing liabilities were 4.616 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 369.5 million, or 8.7 , from 4.247 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was driven by increased interest bearing deposits of 499.4 million, or 12.4 , from 4.028 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 4.528 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Offsetting the increase to average interest bearing deposits was a decrease in total average borrowings of 130.0 million, or 59.5 , to 88.6 million from 218.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Noninterest bearing demand deposits decreased 259.6 million, or 17.2 , to 1.250 billion from 1.509 billion between the two periods. 
 The tax equivalent net interest margin was 3.16 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 3.33 during the first nine months of 2023, representing a 17 basis point contraction between the two periods. The net interest margin contraction was primarily driven by an increase to interest expense as a percentage of average earning assets, which increased to 2.87 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , up from 2.28 for the comparable period of 2023, for an increase of 59 basis points. This increase was attributable to an increase in the rate for total interest bearing liabilities of 63 basis points from 3.27 to 3.90 between the respective periods. This increase was driven by increased costs associated with the Company's interest bearing deposits, as depositors sought higher rates on interest bearing deposit products while competition for deposits remained high throughout the industry. This increase was offset by reduced borrowing expense due to lower average borrowings. The increase in interest expense for interest bearing deposits was a result of a combination of an increase in average interest bearing deposits of 499.4 million , or 12.4 , from 4.028 billion to 4.528 billion, and an increase in the average rate for interest bearing deposits of 70 basis points, from 3.17 to 3.87 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the comparable period in the prior year. The Company anticipates the cost of funds may continue to remain elevated as a result of market competition and shifts from noninterest bearing deposits into interest bearing deposits. Offsetting the increase to interest expense as a percentage of average earning assets was an increase to interest income as a percentage of average earning assets of 42 basis points, or 7.4 , to 6.03 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , up from 5.61 for the comparable period of 2023. This increase was attributable to an increase in loan yields, which was driven by the combination of an increase in average loans of 232.1 million , or 4.8 , to 5.024 billion from 4.791 billion , and an increase in average yield of 43 basis points from 6.34 to 6.77 between the respective periods. The Company expects that easing of monetary policy by the Federal Reserve Bank, which commenced in late September 2024, will exert downward pressure on loan yields as variable rate commercial loans reprice lower; however, deposits repricing lower is expected to offset the decline in loan yields. 

Net interest income, on a fully tax equivalent basis, increased by 671,000, or 1.3 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net interest income on a fully tax equivalent basis was driven by loan interest income, which increased by 6.3 million, or 7.9 , from 80.2 million to 86.5 million, income from short-term investments and interest bearing deposits, which increased 168,000, or 10.5 , and reduced borrowing expense, which decreased by 2.9 million, or 93.9 . Offsetting these positive factors was an increase in deposit interest expense of 8.4 million , or 22.8 , from 37.1 million to 45.6 million and a decrease to securities interest income of 298,000 , or 3.6 . 
 Total average earning assets were 6.329 billion for the third quarter of 2024 , an increase of 183.4 million, or 3.0 , compared to 6.146 billion for the third quarter of 2023 . The increase in average earning assets was driven by an increase in average loans of 214.6 million, or 4.4 , from 4.850 billion for the third quarter of 2023 to 5.064 billion for the third quarter of 2024 . Offsetting the increase in average loans was a decrease in average investment securities, which decreased 42.7 million, or 3.6 , from 1.171 billion for the third quarter of 2023 to 1.129 billion for the third quarter of 2024. Total average interest bearing liabilities were 4.650 billion for the third quarter of 2024 , an increase of 267.4 million, or 6.1 , from 4.382 billion for the third quarter of 2023 . This increase was driven by growth in interest bearing deposits of 481.2 million, or 11.6 , from 4.155 billion for the third quarter of 2023 to 4.636 billion for the third quarter of 2024. Noninterest bearing demand deposits decreased 173.5 million, or 12.2 , from 1.418 billion for the third quarter of 2023 to 1.244 billion for the third quarter of 2024 and average borrowings decreased 213.8 million, or 94.0 , from 227.6 million for the third quarter of 2023 to 13.8 million for the third quarter of 2024. 
 The tax equivalent net interest margin contracted by 5 basis points, or 1.6 , to 3.16 for the third quarter of 2024 , compared to 3.21 for the third quarter of 2023 . The net interest margin contraction was primarily driven by an increase in interest expense as a percentage of average earning assets, which increased to 2.88 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 , up from 2.60 for the comparable period of 2023 , for an increase of 28 basis points. This increase was attributable to an increase in the rate for total interest bearing liabilities of 27 basis points, or 7.5 , from 3.64 to 3.91 between the respective 
 44 

Table of Contents 

periods. This increase was driven by increased costs associated with the Company's interest bearing deposits, as depositors sought higher interest rates on interest bearing deposit products while competition for deposits remained high throughout the industry. This increase was offset by reduced borrowings expense due to lower average borrowings. The increase in rate for interest bearing deposits was a result of an increase in average interest bearing deposits of 481.2 million, or 11.6 , from 4.155 billion to 4.636 billion, and an increase in the average rate for interest bearing deposits of 37 basis points, from 3.54 to 3.91 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the comparable period in the prior year. The Company anticipates the cost of funds may continue to remain elevated as a result of market competition, shifts from noninterest bearing deposits to interest bearing deposits, and elevated wholesale funding costs. Offsetting the increase to interest expense as a percentage of average earning assets was an increase to interest income as a percentage of average earning assets of 23 basis points, or 4.0 , to 6.04 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, up from 5.81 for the comparable period of 2023. This increase was attributable to an increase in loan yields, which was driven by an increase in average loans of 214.6 million, or 4.4 , to 5.064 billion from 4.850 billion, and an increase in average yield of 23 basis points from 6.56 to 6.79 between the respective periods. The Company expects that easing of monetary policy by the Federal Reserve Bank will exert downward pressure on loan yields as variable rate commercial loans reprice lower, however the impact of the policy easing on loan yields will partly depend on the extent and timing of future rate cuts. 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 The Company recorded provision for credit losses expense of 13.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to provision expense of 5.6 million during the comparable period of 2023, an increase of 7.5 million, or 135.3 . Net charge-offs were 1.4 million during the nine month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to 6.1 million during the comparable period of 2023, a decrease of 4.6 million, or 76.8 . The decrease in charge-offs between the respective periods was the result of a charge-off of 5.5 million attributable to a single commercial borrower that occurred during the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 The Company recorded provision expense of 3.1 million during the third quarter of 2024, compared to 400,000 during the third quarter of 2023. Provision expense during the quarter was primarily driven by an increase in the specific reserve allocation from the downgrade of a single 43.3 million commercial relationship, an industrial company in Northern Indiana, that was placed on nonperforming status during the second quarter of 2024. Net charge-offs were 143,000 during the third quarter of 2024, compared to 353,000 during the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Additional factors considered by management included key loan quality metrics, including reserve coverage of nonperforming loans and economic conditions in the Company s markets, and changes in the facts and circumstances of watch list credits, which includes the security position of the borrower. Management s overall view on current credit quality was also a factor in the determination of the provision for credit losses. The Company s management continues to monitor the adequacy of the provision based on loan levels, asset quality, economic conditions and other factors that may influence the assessment of the collectability of loans. 

45 

Table of Contents 

Noninterest Income 
 
 Noninterest income categories for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are shown in the following tables: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Dollar Change Percent Change Wealth advisory fees 7,770 6,769 1,001 14.8 Investment brokerage fees 1,438 1,370 68 5.0 Service charges on deposit accounts 8,332 8,091 241 3.0 Loan and service fees 8,855 8,782 73 0.8 Merchant and interchange fee income 2,653 2,744 (91) (3.3) Bank owned life insurance income 2,994 2,393 601 25.1 Interest rate swap fee income 0 794 (794) (100.0) Mortgage banking income (loss) 68 (184) 252 (137.0) Net securities gains (losses) (46) (16) (30) 187.5 Net gain (loss) on Visa shares 8,996 0 8,996 100.0 Other income 3,908 1,907 2,001 104.9 Total noninterest income 44,968 32,650 12,318 37.7 Noninterest income to total revenue 23.67 18.03 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Dollar Change Percent Change Wealth advisory fees 2,718 2,298 420 18.3 Investment brokerage fees 438 408 30 7.4 Service charges on deposit accounts 2,835 2,735 100 3.7 Loan and service fees 2,955 2,934 21 0.7 Merchant card fee income 898 938 (40) (4.3) Bank owned life insurance income 1,068 1,009 59 5.8 Mortgage banking income (loss) (7) (50) 43 (86.0) Net securities gains (losses) 0 (35) 35 100.0 Net gain (loss) on Visa shares (15) 0 (15) (100.0) Other income 1,027 598 429 71.7 Total noninterest income 11,917 10,835 1,082 10.0 Noninterest income to total revenue 19.48 18.29 
 
 Noninterest income increased by 12.3 million, or 37.7 , to 45.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 32.7 million for the prior year nine-month period. The increase in noninterest income was driven primarily by the net gain on Visa shares of 9.0 million. Additionally, other income increased 2.0 million, or 104.9 , wealth advisory fees increased 1.0 million, or 14.8 , bank owned life insurance income increased 601,000, or 25.1 , and mortgage banking income increased 252,000. Other income increased primarily from improved performance from limited partnership investment income and the receipt of a 1.0 million insurance recovery related to the 2023 wire fraud loss. Improved market performance of the Company's variable bank owned life insurance policies, which are tied to the performance of the equity markets, drove the increase to bank owned life insurance income. Mortgage banking income increased from pipeline expansion and a related positive impact to mortgage rate lock income. Offsetting these increases was a decrease to interest rate swap fee income of 794,000, or 100.0 , due to no new swap fee activity during the period. Adjusted core noninterest income, a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes the effects of certain non-routine events, was 35.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 2.3 million, or 7.1 , compared to 32.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

The Company s noninterest income increased 1.1 million, or 10.0 , to 11.9 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 10.8 million for the third quarter of 2023. Wealth advisory fees increased 420,000, or 18.3 , driven by growth in customers and favorable market performance. Other income increased 429,000, or 71.7 , primarily from an improvement to income from the Company's limited partnership investments. Adjusted core noninterest income was 11.9 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 1.1 million, or 10.1 , compared to 10.8 million for the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 Noninterest expense categories for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are shown in the following tables: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Dollar Change Percent Change Salaries and employee benefits 49,467 43,414 6,053 13.9 Net occupancy expense 5,159 4,874 285 5.8 Equipment costs 4,207 4,189 18 0.4 Data processing fees and supplies 11,419 10,305 1,114 10.8 Corporate and business development 4,015 3,930 85 2.2 FDIC insurance and other regulatory fees 2,571 2,469 102 4.1 Professional fees 6,675 6,284 391 6.2 Wire fraud loss 0 18,058 (18,058) (100.0) Other expense 10,918 7,742 3,176 41.0 Total noninterest expense 94,431 101,265 (6,834) (6.7) Efficiency ratio 49.71 55.92 

Three Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Dollar Change Percent Change Salaries and employee benefits 16,476 15,977 499 3.1 Net occupancy expense 1,721 1,621 100 6.2 Equipment costs 1,452 1,325 127 9.6 Data processing fees and supplies 3,768 3,379 389 11.5 Corporate and business development 1,369 1,201 168 14.0 FDIC insurance and other regulatory fees 966 871 95 10.9 Professional fees 2,089 2,114 (25) (1.2) Other expense 2,552 2,609 (57) (2.2) Total noninterest expense 30,393 29,097 1,296 4.5 Efficiency ratio 49.67 49.13 
 
 Noninterest expense decreased by 6.8 million, or 6.7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, to 94.4 million compared to 101.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 18.1 million wire fraud loss recorded during the second quarter of 2023 was the primary driver of the decrease between the comparative periods. Offsetting this decrease were increases to salaries and employee benefits expense of 6.1 million, or 13.9 , other expense of 3.2 million or 41.0 , data processing fees of 1.1 million, or 10.8 , and professional fees of 391,000, or 6.2 . The increase to salaries and benefits expense resulted primarily from increases to salaries and wages of 2.3 million, performance-based incentive compensation of 2.2 million, health insurance expense of 695,000 and variable deferred compensation related to the Company's variable bank owned life insurance of 536,000. Other expense increased due to the recognition of a 4.5 million legal accrual during the second quarter of 2024. The increase for data processing fees resulted from continued investment in customer-facing and operational technology solutions. Professional fees increased due to higher costs to implement technology solutions. Adjusted core noninterest expense, a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes the impact of certain non-routine events, was 89.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 4.8 million, or 5.7 , from 85.1 million recorded during the comparable period of 2023. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Noninterest expense increased 1.3 million, or 4.5 , to 30.4 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 29.1 million during the third quarter of 2023. Driving the third quarter 2024 increase to noninterest expense were increases to salaries and benefits expense of 499,000, or 3.1 , data processing fees and supplies expense of 389,000, or 11.5 , and corporate and business development expense of 168,000, or 14.0 , as compared to the third quarter of 2023. Adjusted core noninterest expense was 30.4 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 1.3 million, or 4.5 , compared to 29.1 million for the third quarter of 2023. 

The Company's income tax expense increased 3.0 million, or 30.1 , to 13.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 10.1 million for the same period in 2023. The effective tax rate was 16.0 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 13.6 for the comparable period of 2023. The year-to-date effective tax rate was increased due to adoption of ASU 2023-02, to account for the Company's investment in low-income housing tax credit structures, as well as a reduction in the tax benefit recognized from stock-based compensation vesting of shares for plan participants. 
 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Overview 
 Total assets were 6.645 billion as of September 30, 2024 versus 6.524 billion as of December 31, 2023, an increase of 121.3 million, or 1.9 . Total loans, net of the allowance for credit losses, increased 153.8 million, or 3.2 , between December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024. Offsetting the increase to loans, net of the allowance for credit losses, was a decrease in available-for-sale securities of 35.1 million, or 3.3 . Total deposits increased 116.8 million, or 2.0 , between December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024. The increase in total deposits was driven by an increase in interest bearing deposits of 185.7 million, or 4.3 , and was offset by a decrease in noninterest bearing deposits of 69.0 million, or 5.1 . Total equity increased 49.4 million, or 7.6 , from 649.8 million at December 31, 2023 to 699.2 million at September 30, 2024. Retained earnings increased 31.8 million, or 4.6 , as a result of net income of 69.3 million but was reduced by dividends declared and paid of 37.0 million. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), increased 17.1 million, or 11.0 , due primarily to an improvement in available-for-sale securities fair market values during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Uses of Funds 
 
 Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Total cash and cash equivalents increased by 8.4 million, or 5.5 , to 160.2 million at September 30, 2024, from 151.8 million at December 31, 2023. Cash and cash equivalents include short-term investments. The fluctuation in cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2024 was driven by an increase in cash and due from banks of 16.3 million, or 23.2 , and a decrease in interest bearing short-term investment accounts of 8.0 million, or 9.8 . 
 
 Investment Portfolio 
 The amortized cost and the fair value of securities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Available-for-Sale U.S government sponsored agencies 139,998 116,668 146,692 119,479 Mortgage-backed securities: residential 485,128 423,067 522,275 447,842 State and municipal securities 546,037 476,914 557,352 484,407 Total available-for-sale 1,171,163 1,016,649 1,226,319 1,051,728 Held-to-Maturity State and municipal securities 131,157 118,861 129,918 119,215 Total Investment Portfolio 1,302,320 1,135,510 1,356,237 1,170,943 
 48 

Table of Contents 

At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. government agencies and government sponsored entities, in an amount greater than 10 of stockholders equity. Management is aware that the directional change in the fair value of the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio is inversely related to the directional movement of the interest rate environment, with the resulting impact being reflected in the unrealized gain (loss) of the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio. Since the majority of the bonds in the investment portfolio are fixed-rate, with only a few adjustable-rate bonds, we would expect our investment portfolio to follow this market value pattern. This is taken into consideration when evaluating the gain or loss of investment securities in the portfolio and the potential for an allowance for credit losses. 
 There were no purchases of available-for-sale securities in the first nine months of 2024. Investment securities represented 17.3 of total assets on September 30, 2024, compared to 18.1 of total assets on December 31, 2023. The ratio of investment securities as a percentage of total assets remains elevated over historical levels of approximately 12 to 14 . The Company expects the investment securities portfolio as a percentage of assets to continue to decrease over time as the proceeds from pay downs, sales and maturities are used to fund loan portfolio growth and for general liquidity purposes. Tax equivalent adjusted effective duration for the investment securities portfolio was 6.3 years at September 30, 2024 and 6.5 years at December 31, 2023. Tax equivalent adjusted effective duration of the portfolio remains elevated as compared to 4.0 at December 31, 2019, prior to the deployment of excess liquidity to the investment portfolio and the rise in interest rates from the recent tightening cycle by the Federal Reserve. Paydowns from prepayments and scheduled payments of 44.6 million were received in the first nine months of 2024, and the amortization of premiums, net of the accretion of discounts, was 3.6 million. Sales of available-for-sale investment securities totaled 7.1 million in the first nine months of 2024 and resulted in net losses of 46,000. No allowance for credit losses was recognized for available-for-sale or held-to-maturity securities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company anticipates receiving principal and interest cash flows of approximately 26.4 million throughout the remainder of 2024 from its investment securities portfolio. 
 The fair value of the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio as of September 30, 2024 included net unrealized losses of 154.5 million, compared to net unrealized losses of 174.6 million as of December 31, 2023. Unrealized losses in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio resulted from the declines in market values of the investment securities. The improvement in market value seen since December 31, 2023 was driven partly by the commencement of monetary policy easing by the Federal Reserve during the third quarter of 2024, but available-for-sale securities fair values remain depressed compared to fair values prior to the policy tightening cycle during 2022 and 2023. 
 
 The investment portfolio is managed by a third-party firm to provide for an appropriate balance between liquidity, credit risk, interest rate risk management and investment return and to limit the Company s exposure to credit risk in the investment securities portfolio. The Company does not trade or invest in or sponsor certain unregistered investment companies defined as hedge funds and private equity funds under what is commonly referred to as the Volcker Rule of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 
 Real Estate Mortgage Loans Held-for-Sale 
 Real estate mortgage loans held-for-sale increased by 2.0 million, or 171.8 , to 3.1 million at September 30, 2024, from 1.2 million at December 31, 2023. The balance of this asset category is subject to a high degree of variability depending on, among other factors, recent mortgage loan rates and the timing of loan sales into the secondary market. The Company generally sells conforming qualifying mortgage loans it originates on the secondary market. Proceeds from sales of residential mortgages totaled 12.7 million in the first nine months of 2024, compared to 6.1 million in the first nine months of 2023. Management expects the volume of loans originated for sale in the secondary market could increase due to lower market rates for mortgage loans, however any uptick in activity may be encumbered by limited inventory, and existing homeowners being locked in at historically low rates. Mortgage loans serviced for others are not included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The unpaid principal balances of loans serviced for others were 315.5 million and 333.1 million, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

49 

Table of Contents 

Loan Portfolio 
 The loan portfolio by portfolio segment as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is summarized as follows: 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Current Period Change Commercial and industrial loans 1,492,883 29.3 1,420,764 28.9 72,119 Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans 2,549,850 50.1 2,437,534 49.5 112,316 Agri-business and agricultural loans 358,384 7.1 388,764 7.9 (30,380) Other commercial loans 94,309 1.9 120,726 2.5 (26,417) Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans 485,937 9.5 456,187 9.3 29,750 Other consumer loans 103,547 2.1 96,022 1.9 7,525 Subtotal, gross loans 5,084,910 100.0 4,919,997 100.0 164,913 Less: Allowance for credit losses (83,627) (71,972) (11,655) Net deferred loan fees (2,920) (3,463) 543 Loans, net 4,998,363 4,844,562 153,801 
 Total loans, excluding real estate mortgage loans held-for-sale and deferred fees, increased by 153.8 million, or 3.2 , to 4.998 billion at September 30, 2024 from 4.845 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by originations of loans concentrated in the commercial and industrial and commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans categories and was offset by paydowns in the agri-business and agricultural loans segment which traditionally experiences seasonal fluctuations in activity. 
 The following table summarizes the Company s non-performing assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual loans 57,551 15,687 Loans past due over 90 days and still accruing 95 27 Total nonperforming loans 57,646 15,714 Other real estate owned 384 384 Repossessions 21 8 Total nonperforming assets 58,051 16,106 Individually analyzed loans 77,654 16,124 Nonperforming loans to total loans 1.13 0.32 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.87 0.25 
 
 Total nonperforming assets increased by 41.9 million, or 260.4 , to 58.1 million during the nine month period ended September 30, 2024. The ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets increased 62 basis points from 0.25 at December 31, 2023 to 0.87 at September 30, 2024. The increase in nonperforming assets was primarily driven by the downgrade of a single 43.3 million commercial relationship, an industrial company in Northern Indiana, that was moved to nonperforming status in late June during the second quarter of 2024. 
 A loan is individually analyzed when full payment under the original loan terms is not expected. The analysis for smaller loans that are similar in nature and which are not in nonaccrual or modified status, such as residential mortgage, consumer, and credit card loans, is determined based on the class of loans. If a loan is individually analyzed, a portion of the allowance may be allocated so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash flows or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. Total individually analyzed loans increased by 61.5 million, or 381.6 , to 77.7 million at September 30, 2024 from 16.1 million at December 31, 2023. The increase to individually analyzed loans was primarily related to the downgrade of two commercial relationships. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Loans are charged against the allowance for credit losses when management believes that the principal is uncollectible. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. The allowance is an amount that management believes will be adequate to absorb current expected credit losses relating to specifically identified loans based on an evaluation of the loans by management, as well as other current expected losses in the loan portfolio. The evaluations take into consideration such factors as changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, overall portfolio quality, review of specific problem loans and current economic conditions that may affect the borrower s ability to repay. Management also considers trends in adversely classified loans based upon a monthly review of those credits. General allowance is determined after considering the following factors: application of loss percentages using a probability of default/loss given default approach subject to a floor, emerging market risk, commercial loan focus and large credit concentrations, new industry lending activity and current economic conditions. Federal regulations require insured institutions to classify their own assets on a regular basis. The regulations provide for three categories of classified loans: Substandard, Doubtful and Loss. The regulations also contain a Special Mention category. Special Mention applies to loans that do not currently expose an insured institution to a sufficient degree of risk to warrant classification as Substandard, Doubtful or Loss but do possess credit deficiencies or potential weaknesses deserving management s close attention. The Company s policy is to establish a specific allowance for credit losses for any assets where management has identified conditions or circumstances that indicate an asset is nonperforming. If an asset or portion thereof is classified as a loss, the Company s policy is to either establish specified allowances for credit losses in the amount of 100 of the portion of the asset classified loss or charge-off such amount. 
 At September 30, 2024, the allowance for credit losses was 1.65 of total loans, an increase of 19 basis points from 1.46 at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, management believed the allowance for credit losses was at a level commensurate with the overall risk exposure of the loan portfolio. However, if economic conditions deteriorate, certain borrowers may experience difficulty and the level of nonperforming loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require increases in the allowance for credit losses. The process of identifying credit losses is a subjective process. 
 The Company has a relatively high percentage of commercial and commercial real estate loans, which are extended to businesses with a broad range of revenue and within a wide variety of industries. Traditionally, this type of lending may have more credit risk than other types of lending because of the size and diversity of the credits. The Company manages this risk by utilizing relatively conservative credit structures, by adjusting its pricing to the perceived risk of each individual credit and by diversifying the portfolio by customer, product, industry and market area. The Company has limited exposure to commercial office space borrowers, all of which are located in the Bank's Indiana markets. Loans totaling 102.6 million for this sector represented 2.0 of total loans at September 30, 2024. Additionally, commercial real estate loans secured by multi-family residential properties and secured by non-farm non-residential properties were approximately 210 of the Bank's risk-based capital at September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, based on management s review of the loan portfolio, the Company had 91 credit relationships totaling 267.6 million on the classified loan list versus 68 credit relationships totaling 183.1 million as of December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 181.2 million of assets classified as Special Mention, 42.1 million classified as Substandard, 44.3 million classified as Doubtful and 0 classified as Loss as compared to 143.6 million, 39.4 million, 0 and 0, respectively, at December 31, 2023. Watch list loans as a percentage of total loans increased to 5.27 as of September 30, 2024 from 3.72 as of December 31, 2023. The increase to the classified loan listing during 2024 was primarily driven by downgrades to four commercial relationships individually greater than 10.0 million, net of paydowns, payoffs and upgrades to other relationships. 
 Allowance estimates are developed by management after taking into account actual loss experience adjusted for current economic conditions and a reasonably supportable forecast period. The Company has annual discussions regarding this methodology with regulatory authorities. Allowance estimates are considered a prudent measurement of the risk in the Company s loan portfolio based upon loan segment. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the allowance is based on information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amounts. For a more thorough discussion of the allowance for credit losses methodology see the "Critical Accounting Policies" section of this Item 2. 
 The allowance for credit losses increased 11.7 million, or 16.2 , from 72.0 million at December 31, 2023 to 83.6 million at September 30, 2024. The increase was a result of provision expense of 13.1 million which was offset by net charge-offs of 1.4 million. Provision expense recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to an increase in the specific reserve allocation from the downgrade of a single 43.3 million commercial relationship, an industrial company in Northern Indiana, that was placed on nonperforming status during the second quarter of 2024. As the bulk of the Company s lending activity is concentrated in the commercial loan portfolio, which can result in overall asset quality being influenced by a small number of credits, management has historically considered growth and portfolio composition when determining credit loss allocations. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Sources of Funds 
 The Company's sources of funds include a diversified deposit base gathered throughout the Company's footprint and includes a growing mix of commercial, retail and public funds deposit accounts. While the traditional base of core deposits represents the primary source of funding for the Company, the Company has access to a robust array of other liquidity sources, including secured borrowings available from the Federal Home Loan Bank and the Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window. In addition, the Company has access to unsecured borrowing capacity through long established relationships within the brokered deposit markets, Federal Funds lines from correspondent bank partners and Insured Cash Sweep (ICS) one-way buy funds available from the Intrafi network. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had access to 3.66 billion in unused liquidity available from these aggregate sources as compared to 3.41 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 The average daily deposits and borrowings together with average rates paid on those deposits and borrowings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are summarized in the following table: 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Balance Rate Balance Rate Noninterest bearing demand deposits 1,249,710 0.00 1,509,292 0.00 Savings and transaction accounts: Savings deposits 288,283 0.07 360,535 0.07 Interest bearing demand deposits 3,206,452 4.06 2,854,161 3.58 Time deposits: Deposits of 100,000 or more 814,034 4.55 616,477 3.39 Other time deposits 218,755 3.48 196,914 2.24 Total deposits 5,777,234 3.03 5,537,379 2.31 FHLB advances and other borrowings 88,605 5.61 218,561 5.05 Total funding sources 5,865,839 3.07 5,755,940 2.41 
 Average total deposits were 5.777 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 239.9 million, or 4.3 , from the comparable period in 2023. Average total borrowings were 88.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 130.0 million, or 59.5 , from the comparable period in 2023. Total average deposit costs increased 72 basis points from 2.31 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 3.03 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Total average borrowing costs increased 56 basis points from 5.05 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 5.61 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As a result, total funding costs increased by 66 basis points from 2.41 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 3.07 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This increase was driven by an increase in rates on interest bearing deposits and a shift from noninterest bearing deposits to interest bearing deposits. 
 
 Deposits and Borrowings 
 As of September 30, 2024, total deposits increased by 116.8 million, or 2.0 , from December 31, 2023. Core deposits, which excludes brokered deposits, increased by 155.7 million, or 2.8 , to 5.741 billion as of September 30, 2024 from 5.585 billion as of December 31, 2023. Total brokered deposits were 96.5 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 135.4 million at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 38.9 million, or 28.7 . 

52 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes deposit composition at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 Percentage of Total December 31, 2023 Percentage of Total Current Period Change Retail 1,709,899 29.3 1,794,958 31.4 (85,059) Commercial 2,304,041 39.5 2,227,147 38.9 76,894 Public funds 1,726,869 29.6 1,563,015 27.3 163,854 Core deposits 5,740,809 98.4 5,585,120 97.6 155,689 Brokered deposits 96,504 1.6 135,405 2.4 (38,901) Total deposits 5,837,313 100.0 5,720,525 100.0 116,788 
 Core deposits, which excludes brokered deposits, expanded 155.7 million, or 2.8 , during the first nine months of 2024. Utilization of brokered deposits as a wholesale funding alternative has returned to pre-pandemic levels. On September 30, 2024, commercial deposits represented 39.5 of total deposits versus 38.9 at December 31, 2023. Retail deposits represented 29.3 at September 30, 2024 versus 31.4 at December 31, 2023. Public Funds deposits represented 29.6 at September 30, 2024 versus 27.3 at December 31, 2023. Brokered deposits represented 1.6 of total deposits at September 30, 2024 versus 2.4 at December 31, 2023. Commercial deposits expanded 76.9 million, or 3.5 , from 2.23 billion at December 31, 2023 to 2.30 billion at September 30, 2024; retail deposits contracted 85.1 million, or 4.7 , from 1.79 billion at December 31, 2023 to 1.71 billion at September 30, 2024; and public funds deposits expanded 163.9 million, or 10.5 , from 1.56 billion at December 31, 2023 to 1.73 billion at September 30, 2024. 
 Deposits not covered by FDIC deposit insurance were 61 as of September 30, 2024, versus 57 at December 31, 2023. Deposits not covered by FDIC deposit insurance or the Indiana Public Deposit Insurance Fund (which insures public fund deposits in Indiana), were 32 of total deposits as of September 30, 2024, versus 31 as of December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 98 of deposit accounts had deposit balances less than 250,000. 
 
 Capital 
 As of September 30, 2024, total stockholders equity was 699.2 million, an increase of 49.4 million, or 7.6 , from 649.8 million at December 31, 2023. The increase to total stockholders' equity was driven by net income of 69.3 million and was reduced by dividends declared and paid of 37.0 million and an increase of 17.1 million in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 The impact on equity for other comprehensive income (loss) is not included in regulatory capital. The banking regulators have established guidelines for leverage capital requirements, expressed in terms of Tier 1, or core capital, as a percentage of average assets, to measure the soundness of a financial institution. In addition, banking regulators have established risk-based capital guidelines for U.S. banking organizations. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's capital levels remained characterized as well-capitalized . 
 53 

Table of Contents 

The actual capital amounts and ratios of the Company and the Bank as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, are presented in the table below. Capital ratios for September 30, 2024 are preliminary until the Call Report and FR Y-9C are filed. 
 Actual Minimum Required For Capital Adequacy Purposes For Capital Adequacy Purposes Plus Capital Conservation Buffer Minimum Required to Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Regulations (dollars in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio As of September 30, 2024: 
 Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated 904,257 15.75 459,288 8.00 602,815 N/A N/A N/A Bank 899,528 15.67 459,248 8.00 602,763 10.50 574,060 10.00 Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated 832,258 14.50 344,466 6.00 487,993 N/A N/A N/A Bank 827,534 14.42 344,436 6.00 487,951 8.50 459,248 8.00 Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Consolidated 832,258 14.50 258,349 4.50 401,877 N/A N/A N/A Bank 827,534 14.42 258,327 4.50 401,842 7.00 373,139 6.50 Tier I Capital (to Average Assets) Consolidated 832,258 12.18 273,354 4.00 273,354 N/A N/A N/A Bank 827,534 12.12 273,162 4.00 273,162 4.00 341,453 5.00 As of December 31, 2023: 
 Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated 870,390 15.47 450,211 8.00 590,901 N/A N/A N/A Bank 852,405 15.16 449,894 8.00 590,486 10.50 562,367 10.00 Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated 799,929 14.21 337,658 6.00 478,349 N/A N/A N/A Bank 781,999 13.91 337,420 6.00 478,012 8.50 449,894 8.00 Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Consolidated 799,929 14.21 253,243 4.50 393,934 N/A N/A N/A Bank 781,999 13.91 253,065 4.50 393,657 7.00 365,539 6.50 Tier I Capital (to Average Assets) Consolidated 799,929 11.82 270,636 4.00 270,636 N/A N/A N/A Bank 781,999 11.58 270,041 4.00 270,041 4.00 337,551 5.00 
 54 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This document (including information incorporated by reference) contains, and future oral and written statements of the Company and its management may contain, forward-looking statements, within the meaning of such term in the federal securities law. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts and are generally identifiable by the use of words such as believe, expect, anticipate, project, possible, continue, plan, intend, estimate, may, will, would, could, should or other similar expressions. Additionally, all statements in this document, including forward-looking statements, speak only as of the date they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any statement in light of new information or future events. 
 The Company s ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain and, accordingly, the reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement made by the Company. Actual results could differ materially from those addressed in the forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including, without limitation: 
 the effects of future economic, business and market conditions and changes, particularly in our Indiana market area, including prevailing interest rates and the rate of inflation; 
 governmental monetary and fiscal policies; 
 the risks of changes in interest rates on the levels, composition and costs of deposits, loan demand and the values and liquidity of loan collateral, securities and other interest sensitive assets and liabilities; 
 changes in borrowers credit risks and payment behaviors; 
 the failure of assumptions and estimates used in our reviews of our loan portfolio, underlying the establishment of reserves for possible credit losses, our analysis of our capital position and other estimates; 
 the performance of our commercial real estate loan portfolio, including the effects of the elevated interest rate environment, the strength of the commercial real estate market in our Indiana markets, and recent changes in retail and office usage patterns; 
 the effects of disruption and volatility in capital markets on the value of our investment portfolio; 
 risk of cyber-security attacks that could result in damage to the Company's or third-party service providers' networks or data of the Company; 
 the timing and scope of any legislative and regulatory changes, including changes in banking, securities and tax laws and regulations and their application by our regulators; 
 the effects of competition from a wide variety of local, regional, national and other providers of financial, investment and insurance services; 
 the effects of war or other conflicts, acts of terrorism or other catastrophic events, including storms, droughts, tornados and flooding, that may affect general economic conditions, including agricultural production and demand and prices for agricultural goods and land used for agricultural purposes, generally and in our markets; 
 the impact of litigation and other claims we may be subject to from time to time; 
 changes in the scope and cost of FDIC insurance, the state of Indiana s Public Deposit Insurance Fund and other coverages; 
 changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of residential real estate; 
 the impact of labor shortages, and changes in trade policy and tariffs; 
 the effects of fraud by or affecting employees, customers or third parties; 
 changes in the availability and cost of credit and capital in the financial markets; 
 changes in technology or products that may be more difficult or costly, or less effective than anticipated; 
 the risks related to mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, including, without limitation, the related time and costs of implementing such transactions, integrating operations as part of these transactions and possible failures to achieve expected gains, revenue growth and/or expense savings from such transactions; 
 changes in accounting policies, rules and practices; and 
 55 

Table of Contents 

the risks noted in the Risk Factors discussed under Item 1A of Part 1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth from time to time in the Company s other filings with the SEC. 
 These risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 
 
 ITEM 3 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest rate risk represents the Company s primary market risk exposure. The Company does not have a material exposure to foreign currency exchange risk, does not have a material amount of derivative financial instruments and does not maintain a trading portfolio. The Corporate Risk Committee of the Board of Directors annually reviews and approves the policy used to manage interest rate risk. The policy was last reviewed and approved in July 2024. The policy sets guidelines for balance sheet structure, which are designed to protect the Company from the impact that interest rate changes could have on net income but do not necessarily indicate the effect on future net interest income. The Company, through the Bank's Asset and Liability Committee, manages interest rate risk by monitoring the computer simulated earnings impact of various rate scenarios and general market conditions. The Company then modifies its long-term risk parameters by attempting to generate the types of loans, investments, and deposits that currently fit the Company s needs, as determined by the Asset and Liability Committee. This computer simulation analysis measures the net interest income impact of various interest rate scenario changes during the next twelve months. The Company continually evaluates the assumptions used in the model. The current balance sheet structure is considered to be within acceptable risk levels. 
 Interest rate scenarios for the base, falling 300 basis points, falling 200 basis points, falling 100 basis points, falling 50 basis points, falling 25 basis points, rising 25 basis points, rising 50 basis points, rising 100 basis points, rising 200 basis points and rising 300 basis points are listed below based upon the Company s rate sensitive assets and liabilities at September 30, 2024. The net interest income shown represents cumulative net interest income over a twelve-month time horizon. Balance sheet assumptions used for the base scenario are the same for the rising and falling simulations. 
 The base scenario is an annual calculation that is highly dependent on numerous assumptions embedded in the model. While the base sensitivity analysis incorporates management s best estimate of interest rate and balance sheet dynamics under various market rate movements, the actual behavior and resulting earnings impact will likely differ from that projected. For certain assets, the base simulation model captures the expected prepayment behavior under changing interest rate environments. Assumptions and methodologies regarding the interest rate or balance behavior of indeterminate maturity core deposit products, such as savings, money market, NOW and demand deposits reflect management s best estimate of expected future behavior. 
 (dollars in thousands) Base Falling (300 Basis Points) Falling (200 Basis Points) Falling (100 Basis Points) Falling (50 Basis Points) Falling (25 Basis Points) Rising (25 Basis Points) Rising (50 Basis Points) Rising (100 Basis Points) Rising (200 Basis Points) Rising (300 Basis Points) Net interest income 212,656 206,220 209,301 211,410 212,204 212,501 212,772 212,815 212,866 212,803 212,741 Variance from Base (6,436) (3,355) (1,246) (452) (155) 116 159 210 147 85 Percent of change from Base (3.03) (1.58) (0.59) (0.21) (0.07) 0.05 0.07 0.10 0.07 0.04 

56 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, management has evaluated, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) were effective as of September 30, 2024. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there were no changes to the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect its internal control over financial reporting. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 There are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company or its subsidiaries is a party other than ordinary, routine litigation incidental to their respective businesses. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A of Part I of the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Please refer to that section of the Company s Form 10-K for disclosures regarding the risks and uncertainties related to the Company s business. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PARTIES 
 On April 11, 2023, the Company's board of directors reauthorized and extended a share repurchase program through April 30, 2025, under which the Company is authorized to repurchase, from time to time as the Company deems appropriate, shares of the Company's common stock with an aggregate purchase price of up to 30 million. Repurchases may be made in the open market, through block trades or otherwise, and in privately negotiated transactions. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be extended, modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. There were no repurchases under this plan during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The following table provides information as of September 30, 2024 with respect to shares of common stock repurchased by the Company during the quarter then ended: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Appropriate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (b) July 1 - 31 2,143 60.67 0 30,000,000 August 1 - 31 1,367 62.34 0 30,000,000 September 1 - 30 0 0.00 0 30,000,000 Total 3,510 61.32 0 30,000,000 
 
 (a) The shares purchased during July and August were credited to the deferred share accounts of non-employee directors under the Company s directors deferred compensation plan. These shares are held in treasury stock of the Company and were purchased in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice. 
 (b) Following the renewal and extension of the Company's share repurchase program on April 11, 2023, the maximum dollar value of shares that may bet be repurchased under the program is 30 million. The share repurchase program terminates April 30, 2025. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 N/A 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 Interactive Data File Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023; and (vi) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 LAKELAND FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 (Registrant) 
 
 Date: October 30, 2024 
 /s/ David M. Findlay David M. Findlay Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Date: October 30, 2024 
 /s/ Lisa M. O Neill Lisa M. O Neill Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) Date: October 30, 2024 
 /s/ Brok A. Lahrman Brok A. Lahrman Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) 
 60 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 I, David M. Findlay, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Lakeland Financial Corporation, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lakeland Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purpose in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting, and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 s David M. Findlay David M. Findlay Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 I, Lisa M. O Neill, Chief Financial Officer of Lakeland Financial Corporation, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lakeland Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purpose in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting, and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 s Lisa M. O Neill Lisa M. O Neill Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Lakeland Financial Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David M. Findlay, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 
 s David M. Findlay David M. Findlay Chairman and Chief Executive Officer October 30, 2024 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Lakeland Financial Corporation and will be retained by Lakeland Financial Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322-q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Lakeland Financial Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lisa M. O Neill, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Lisa M. O Neill Lisa M. O Neill Chief Financial Officer October 30, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Lakeland Financial Corporation and will be retained by Lakeland Financial Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lkfn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lkfn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lkfn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lkfn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lkfn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

