<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1377789_0001377789-24-000058.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7130424</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>75422</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1426402</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2214170</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1751039</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1513406</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001377789-24-000058.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105160844
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001377789-24-000058
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240927
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AVIAT NETWORKS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001377789
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				205961564
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33278
		FILM NUMBER:		241427521

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARKER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE C100A
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78728
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4089417100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARKER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE C100A
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78728

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Aviat Networks Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AVIAT NETWORKS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100128

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HARRIS STRATEX NETWORKS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100126

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001377789-24-000058.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 avnw-20240927.htm
 10-Q

avnw-20240927 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission File Number 
 ________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which Registered 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant (l) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of November 1, 2024 was . 

AVIAT NETWORKS, INC. 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended September 27, 2024 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Part I. Financial Information 
 3 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 30 
 Part II. Other Information 
 31 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 31 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 
 Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 31 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 31 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 32 
 Signatures 
 33 
 Exhibit Index 
 33 
 
 2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 AVIAT NETWORKS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands, except per share amounts) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Revenues: Product sales Services Total revenues Cost of revenues: Product sales Services Total cost of revenues Gross margin Operating expenses: Research and development Selling and administrative Restructuring charges Total operating expenses Operating (loss) income ) Interest expense, net Other expense, net (Loss) income before income taxes ) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes ) Net (loss) income Net (loss) income per share of common stock outstanding: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

AVIAT NETWORKS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive income: Net change in cumulative translation adjustments 
 Other comprehensive income Comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 4 

AVIAT NETWORKS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share and par value amounts) September 27, 2024 June 28, 2024 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and 
 Unbilled receivables Inventories Assets held for sale 
 Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities Advance payments and unearned revenue Other current liabilities 
 Current portion of long-term debt 
 Total current liabilities Long-term debt 
 Unearned revenue Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Reserve for uncertain tax positions Deferred income taxes Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
 par value, million shares authorized, issued 
 Common stock, par value, million shares authorized, million and million shares issued and outstanding as of September 27, 2024 and June 28, 2024, respectively. 
 Treasury stock million and million shares as of September 27, 2024 and June 28, 2024, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

AVIAT NETWORKS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Operating Activities Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation of property, plant and equipment Amortization of intangible assets Provision for uncollectible receivables Share-based compensation Deferred taxes ) ) Inventory write-downs Non-cash lease expense Other non-cash operating activities, net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Unbilled receivables ) ) Inventories ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses ) ) Advance payments and unearned revenue Income taxes payable Other assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Investing Activities Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of asset held for sale Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Proceeds from revolver Repayments of revolver ) Payments for taxes related to net settlement of equity awards ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock plans Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

AVIAT NETWORKS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 27, 2024 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Equity (In thousands) Shares Amount Amount Balance as of June 28, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock under employee stock plans ) Shares withheld for taxes related to vesting of equity awards ) ) ) Share-based compensation Balance as of September 27, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 29, 2023 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Equity (In thousands) Shares Amount Amount Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock under employee stock plans Shares withheld for taxes related to vesting of equity awards ) ) ) Share-based compensation Balance as of September 29, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

AVIAT NETWORKS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Note 1. 
 Revisions to Prior Period Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Subsequent to the third quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company identified certain errors in the quarterly financial statements for fiscal 2024. In accordance with ASC 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections and Staff Accounting Bulletins SAB No. 99, Materiality and No. 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements, the Company evaluated the materiality of the errors and determined that the impacts were not material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company s previously issued consolidated financial 
 8 

Note 2.) Denominator: 
 Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic 
 Effect of potentially dilutive equivalent shares 
 Weighted-average shares outstanding, diluted 
 Net (loss) income per share of common stock outstanding: Basic 
 ) Diluted 
 ) 
 9 

Restricted stock units and performance stock units Total shares of common stock excluded 

Note 3. 
 Unbilled receivables 
 Capitalized commissions Contract liabilities 
 Advance payments and unearned revenue Unearned revenue, long-term 
 Significant changes in contract balances may arise as a result of recognition over time for services, transfer of control for equipment, and periodic payments (both in arrears and in advance). 
 From time to time, the Company may experience unforeseen events that could result in a change to the scope or price associated with an arrangement. When such events occur, the transaction price and measurement of progress for the performance obligation are updated and this change is recognized as a cumulative catch-up to revenue. Because of the nature and type of contracts, the timeframe to completion and satisfaction of current and future performance obligations can shift; however, this will have no impact on the Company s future obligation to bill and collect. 
 As of September 27, 2024, the Company reported million in advance payments and unearned revenue and long-term unearned revenue, of which approximately is expected to be recognized as revenue in the next twelve months and the remainder thereafter. Approximately million of revenue was recognized during the three months ended September 27, 2024, which was included in advance payments and unearned revenue at June 28, 2024. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 The aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) performance obligations was approximately million at September 27, 2024 relating to our long-term field service projects. Of this amount, approximately is expected to be recognized as revenue during the next months, with the remaining amount to be recognized thereafter. 
 10 

Note 4. 
 Restricted cash included in long-term other assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 Inventories 
 
 Raw materials and supplies Customer service inventories Total inventories Consigned inventories included within raw materials and supplies 

The Company records charges to adjust inventories due to excess and obsolete inventory resulting from lower sales forecasts, product transitioning or discontinuance. 
 Customer service inventory write-downs Total charges 
 
 Taxes Contract manufacturing assets Total other current assets 
 
 11 

Software and equipment Total property, plant and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Included in the total property, plant and equipment, gross were million and million of assets in progress which have not been placed in service as of September 27, 2024 and June 28, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Accrued Expenses 
 Compensation and benefits Project costs Other Warranties Commissions Professional fees Total accrued expenses 
 Warranty provision recorded during the period Assumed in acquisition Consumption during the period ) ) Balance as of the end of the period 
 Advance Payments and Unearned Revenue 
 
 Unearned revenue Total advance payments and unearned revenue 
 12 

million and million in long-term unearned revenue as of September 27, 2024 and June 28, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Note 5. 
 Level 1 Bank certificates of deposit Level 2 
 net asset value per share. 
 The Company did not have any recurring assets or liabilities that were valued using significant unobservable inputs. 
 
 Note 6. 
 million revolving credit facility (the Revolver and a million Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility (the Term Loan with a maturity date of May 8, 2028. The million Revolver can be borrowed with a million sub-limit for letters of credit, and a million swingline loan sub-limit. Refer to Note 16. Subsequent Events for further information. 
 In November 2023, the Company borrowed million against the Term Loan to primarily settle the cash portion of the consideration associated with the NEC Transaction (as defined below). See Note 11. Acquisitions for further information. 
 As of September 27, 2024, the available credit under the Revolver was million, reflecting the available limit of million less outstanding letters of credit of million. The Company borrowed million against the Revolver during the three months ended September 27, 2024. As of September 27, 2024, the Company had million outstanding under its Term Loan and million outstanding under its Revolver. 
 13 

Term loan Less: unamortized deferred financing costs ) Total debt Less: current portion of long-term debt ) Total long-term debt 
 Outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at either: (a) Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus the applicable margin; or (b) the Base Rate plus the applicable margin. The pricing levels for interest rate margins are determined based on the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio as determined and adjusted quarterly. As of September 27, 2024, the applicable margin on Adjusted Term SOFR and Base Rate borrowings was and , respectively. The effective rate of interest on the outstanding Term Loan and Revolver borrowings as of September 27, 2024 was and , respectively. 
 The Credit Facility requires the Company and its subsidiaries to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio to be greater than to 1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Company. The Credit Facility also requires that the Company maintain a maximum leverage ratio of times EBITDA, with a step-down to times EBITDA after full quarters, and times EBITDA after full quarters. The Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, among others, covenants limiting the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to dispose of assets, permit a change in control, merge or consolidate, make acquisitions, incur indebtedness, grant liens, make investments, make certain restricted payments, and enter into transactions with affiliates, in each case subject to customary exceptions. As of September 27, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants contained in the Credit Facility. 
 2026 2027 2028 Total 

Note 7. 
 Cash payments ) ) Balance as of September, 27, 2024 
 As of September 27, 2024, the accrued restructuring balance of million was included in other current liabilities on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. Included in the above were positions identified for termination that have not been executed from a restructuring perspective. 
 Prior Years Plans 
 During fiscal 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved restructuring plans, primarily associated with the NEC Transaction (as defined below) and reductions in workforce in certain of the Company s operations to optimize skill sets and align cost structure. The fiscal 2024 plans are expected to be completed through the end of fiscal 2025. 
 14 

Note 8. 
 million of the Company s common stock. As of September 27, 2024, million remains available and Aviat may choose to suspend or discontinue the repurchase program at any time. Repurchased shares are recorded as treasury stock. During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock. 
 
 Stock Incentive Programs 
 As of September 27, 2024, the Company had stock incentive plan for its employees and non-employee directors, the 2018 Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan ). The 2018 Plan provides for the issuance of share-based awards in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards and units, and performance share awards and units. 
 Under the 2018 Plan, option exercise prices are equal to the fair market value of Aviat common stock on the date the options are granted using the closing stock price. After vesting, options generally may be exercised within after the date of grant. 
 Restricted stock units are not transferable until vested and the restrictions lapse upon the achievement of continued employment or service over a specified time period. Restricted stock units issued to employees generally vest from the date of grant cliff or annually over ). Restricted stock units issued annually to non-executive board members generally vest on the day before the annual stockholders meeting. 
 Vesting of performance share awards and units is subject to the achievement of predetermined financial performance and share price criteria, and continued employment through the end of the applicable period. 
 During the three months ended September 27, 2024, the Company granted restricted stock units. 
 The Company recognizes compensation cost for share-based payment awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. For awards with a performance condition vesting feature, share-based compensation costs are recognized when achievement of the performance conditions is considered probable. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 
 Research and development Selling and administrative Total share-based compensation expense By Type of Award: Options Restricted stock and performance share awards and units 
 Total share-based compensation expense 
 As of September 27, 2024, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock options granted which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. As of September 27, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock awards which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Note 9. 
 reportable business segment: the design, manufacturing, and sale of wireless networking products, solutions, and services. The Company s financial performance is regularly reviewed by its chief operating decision maker who is its Chief Executive Officer CEO ). 
 15 

Africa and the Middle East Europe Latin America and Asia Pacific Total revenue 

Note 10. 

16 

Note 11. 
 
 million, net of million cash acquired. 4RF is a leading provider of industrial wireless access solutions, including narrowband point-to-point/multi-point radios and Private LTE and 5G routers. The acquisition of 4RF allows Aviat to expand its product offering for the global industrial wireless access markets including Private LTE/5G. 
 The Company is in the process of determining the allocation of the purchase price to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The preliminary estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed consisted of working capital of million, other assets and liabilities of million, intangible assets of million, and goodwill of million. The goodwill from this acquisition is non-deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 NEC s Wireless Transport Business 
 On May 9, 2023, the Company entered into a Master Sale of Business Agreement (as amended on November 30, 2023, the Purchase Agreement with NEC Corporation NEC ), to acquire NEC s wireless transport business (the NEC Transaction ). The Company completed the NEC Transaction on November 30, 2023 (the Closing Date ). 
 Prior to the Closing Date, NEC was a leader in wireless backhaul networks with an extensive installed base of their Pasolink series products. The completion of the NEC Transaction increases the scale of Aviat, enhances the Company s product portfolio with a greater capability to innovate, and creates a more diversified business. The results of operations of the NEC Transaction have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the Closing Date. 
 The fair value of the consideration transferred at the closing of the NEC Transaction was comprised of (i) cash of million, and (ii) the issuance of shares or million of common stock of the Company. The fair value of the shares issued was determined based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the Closing Date. Aggregate consideration transferred at closing was approximately million, which is subject to certain post-closing adjustments. As of September 27, 2024, the Company recorded accruals of approximately million in estimated additional cash consideration, which is included in other current liabilities on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The additional consideration is primarily related to the settlement of the post-closing working capital adjustment, and is expected to be transferred to NEC in the second quarter of fiscal 2025. The Company funded the cash portion of the consideration with Term Loan borrowings under its Credit Facility. See Note 6. Credit Facility and Debt for further information. 
 The NEC Transaction was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. The Company is in the process of obtaining final independent third-party valuations of certain intangible and tangible assets acquired. The fair values of the acquired intangible assets are based on estimates and assumptions that are considered reasonable by the Company. As of the acquisition date, the Company has recorded the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their respective estimated fair values. The recognized goodwill is attributable to the workforce of the acquired business and expected synergies. The goodwill from this acquisition is expected to be fully deductible for tax purposes. 
 17 

Inventories Property, plant and equipment, net Identifiable finite-lived intangible assets: Customer relationships Technology Other assets Accounts payable ) Advance payments and unearned revenue ) Other liabilities ) Goodwill Net assets acquired 
 The preliminary purchase price allocation has been updated for certain measurement period adjustments based on revised estimates of fair value, which primarily resulted in a million decrease in accounts receivables, a million decrease in inventories, a million increase in identifiable finite-lived intangible assets acquired and a million increase to goodwill. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to adjustment based on the Company obtaining final independent third-party valuations, determining fair value and final allocations of purchase price to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and determining the final consideration, including adjustments related to settlement of the final post-closing working capital adjustment. 
 Revenue and operating income associated with the NEC Transaction included in the consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended September 27, 2024 were million and million, respectively. 

Note 12. 
 million. In addition, the Company had purchase obligations of approximately million associated with software as a service and software maintenance support. 
 Financial Guarantees and Commercial Commitments 
 Guarantees issued by banks, insurance companies, or other financial institutions are contingent commitments issued to guarantee performance under borrowing arrangements, such as bank overdraft facilities, tax and customs obligations, and similar transactions, or to ensure performance under customer or vendor contracts. The terms of the guarantees are generally equal to the remaining term of the related debt or other obligations and are generally limited to or less. As of September 27, 2024, the Company had no guarantees applicable to its debt arrangements. 
 The Company has entered into commercial commitments in the normal course of business including surety bonds, standby letters of credit agreements, and other arrangements with financial institutions primarily relating to the guarantee of future performance on certain contracts to provide products and services to customers. As of September 27, 2024, the Company had commercial commitments outstanding of million, that were not recorded on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not believe, based on historical experience and information currently 
 18 

Bonds 
 Indemnifications 
 Under the terms of substantially all of the Company s license agreements, it has agreed to defend and pay any final judgment against its customers arising from claims against such customers that the Company s products infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party. As of September 27, 2024, the Company has not received any notice that any customer is subject to an infringement claim arising from the use of its products; the Company has not received any request to defend any customers from infringement claims arising from the use of its products; and the Company has not paid any final judgment on behalf of any customer related to an infringement claim arising from the use of its products. Because the outcome of infringement disputes is related to the specific facts of each case and given the lack of previous or current indemnification claims, the Company cannot estimate the maximum amount of potential future payments, if any, related to its indemnification provisions. As of September 27, 2024, the Company had not recorded any liabilities related to these indemnifications. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is subject from time to time to disputes with customers concerning its products and services. From time to time, the Company may be involved in various other legal claims and litigation that arise in the normal course of its operations. The Company is aggressively defending all current litigation matters. Although there can be no assurances and the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, the Company currently believes that none of these claims or proceedings are likely to have a material adverse effect on its financial position. There are many uncertainties associated with any litigation and these actions or other third-party claims against the Company may cause it to incur costly litigation and/or substantial settlement charges. As a result, the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected. The actual liability in any such matters may be materially different from the Company s estimates, if any. 
 The Company records accruals for its outstanding legal proceedings, investigations or claims when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company evaluates, at least on a quarterly basis, developments in legal proceedings, investigations or claims that could affect the amount of any accrual, as well as any developments that would result in a loss contingency to become both probable and reasonably estimable. The Company has not recorded any significant accrual for loss contingencies associated with such legal claims or litigation discussed above. 
 Contingent Liabilities 
 The Company records a loss contingency as a charge to operations when (i) it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements; and (ii) the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Disclosure in the notes to the financial statements is required for loss contingencies that do not meet both conditions if there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may have been incurred. Gain contingencies are not recorded until realized. The Company expenses all legal costs incurred to resolve regulatory, legal and tax matters as incurred. 
 In March 2016, an enforcement action by the Indian Department of Revenue, Ministry of Finance was brought against Aviat s subsidiary Aviat Networks (India) Private Limited Aviat India relating to the non-realization of intercompany receivables and non-payment of intercompany payables, which originated from 1999 to 2012, within the time frames dictated by the Indian regulations under the Foreign Exchange Management Act. In November 2017, the Indian Department of Revenue, Ministry of Finance also initiated a similar action against Telsima Communications Private Limited Telsima India ), a subsidiary of the Company, relating to the non-realization of intercompany receivables and non-payment of intercompany payables which originated from the period prior to our acquisition of Telsima India in February 2009. In September 2019, the directors of Aviat India appeared before the Ministry of Finance Enforcement Directorate. In March 2024, the Company appeared before the Joint Director of Enforcement to review the transactions at issue. No subsequent 
 19 

Note 13. 

The million increase for the three months ended September 27, 2024 is associated with the preliminary purchase price allocations for the 4RF acquisition and the NEC Transaction. Refer to Note 11. Acquisitions for further information. 
 The Company performs its annual goodwill impairment test on the first day of its fourth fiscal quarter. indicators of impairment were identified during the current period that required the Company to perform an interim assessment or recoverability test. 
 
 Patents Customer relationships 
 Trade names Total gross intangible assets Accumulated amortization ) ) Total net intangible assets 
 
 Amortization of finite-lived intangibles for the three months ended September 27, 2024 was million and is included in selling and administrative expenses. There were impairment charges recorded for the three months ended September 27, 2024. 
 20 

2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 

Note 14. 
 shares in Company common stock to NEC. The Company and NEC entered into a Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, restricting NEC s ability to transfer shares (the Lock-Up ), except for certain limited exceptions as provided in the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, until one day after the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date (the Initial Lock-Up Expiration Date ). Starting one day after the Initial Lock-Up Expiration Date, one-twelfth of the issued shares shall be released from the Lock-Up each month, such that all issued shares shall be released from Lock-Up by the anniversary of the Closing Date. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, NEC will have the right to nominate a director to the Company s Board of Directors from the Closing Date and for a period of thereafter. As of September 27, 2024, NEC held approximately of the Company s outstanding common stock. 
 In connection with the closing of the NEC Transaction and as of the Closing Date, the Company and NEC entered into agreements covering the performance of certain post-closing services and licensing arrangements. The agreements include arrangements covering manufacturing services and product supply, transition services, distribution services, research and development services, and licensing of trademark and intellectual property IP ). 
 The Manufacturing and Supply Agreement includes arrangements for NEC to manufacture and supply Pasolink products on behalf of and to the Company and its customers. The transition services agreements include arrangements for the Company and NEC to provide and receive certain transition services, primarily associated with administrative functions. The distribution services agreements includes arrangements where NEC will provide distribution services on behalf of and to the Company and its customers in certain international markets and territories. The Research and Development Cooperating Agreement for Existing Products includes arrangements for NEC to provide the Company certain services relating to development work to maintain existing products of the NEC business. The licensing agreements include arrangements where the Company will grant NEC a non-exclusive license to certain Pasolink trademarks in Japan, and NEC will grant the Company a non-exclusive, worldwide (excluding Japan) license to certain NEC IP, including mobile backhaul-related patents. The licensing agreements are royalty-free and perpetual. 
 Research and development services received Purchase of inventories 
 21 

Accounts payable Other current liabilities 

Note 15. 
 ) Total revenues ) Gross margin ) Operating income ) Income before income taxes ) Provision for income taxes ) Net income Net income per share of common stock outstanding: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 29, 2023 
 (In thousands) As Previously Reported 
 Adjustments 
 As Revised 
 Net income ) Comprehensive income ) 
 
 22 

) Deferred taxes ) ) Unbilled receivables ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 29, 2023 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Equity (In thousands) As Previously Reported 
 Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 ) Net income Balance as of September 29, 2023 
 ) Adjustments 
 Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 ) ) Net income ) ) Balance as of September 29, 2023 
 ) ) As Revised 
 Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 ) Net income Balance as of September 29, 2023 
 ) 

Note 16. 
 million for the purpose of refinancing the Term Loan currently outstanding under the Credit Facility, and (iii) an increase in the Revolver to million in the aggregate. Refer to Note 6. Credit Facility and Debt for further information. 
 23 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they do not materialize or prove correct, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed to be forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements of, about, concerning or regarding: our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and management systems and remediate material weaknesses; our plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, including with respect to growing our business and sustaining profitability; our restructuring efforts; our research and development efforts and new product releases and services; trends in revenue; drivers of our business and the markets in which we operate; future economic conditions, performance or outlook, and changes in our industry and the markets we serve; the outcome of contingencies; the value of our contract awards; beliefs or expectations; the sufficiency of our cash and our capital needs and expenditures; our intellectual property protection; our compliance with regulatory requirements and the associated expenses; expectations regarding litigation; our intention not to pay cash dividends; seasonality of our business; the impact of foreign exchange and inflation; taxes; and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as anticipates, believes, expects, may, should, would, will, intends, plans, estimates, strategy, projects, targets, goals, seeing, delivering, continues, forecasts, future, predict, might, could, potential, or the negative of these terms, and similar words or expressions. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on estimates reflecting the current beliefs of the senior management of Aviat Networks, Inc. Aviat, the Company, we, us, and our ). These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should therefore be considered in light of various important factors, including those set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Company s fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2024 for more information regarding factors that may cause its results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our management s opinions only as of the date of the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements are made in reliance upon the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), along with provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and we expressly disclaim any obligation, other than as required by law, to update any forward-looking statements to reflect further developments or information obtained after the date of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or, in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. 

Overview of Business; Operating Environment and Key Factors Impacting Fiscal 2025 and 2024 Results 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A is intended to help the reader understand Aviat s results of operations and financial condition. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. In the discussion herein, the fiscal year ending June 27, 2025 is referred to as fiscal 2025 or 2025 and the fiscal year ended June 28, 2024 is referred to as fiscal 2024 or 2024. 
 Overview 
 Aviat is a global supplier of microwave networking and access networking solutions, backed by an extensive suite of professional services and support. Aviat sells radios, routers, software and services integral to the functioning of data transport networks. Aviat has more than 3,000 customers and significant relationships with global service providers and private network operators. Aviat s North America manufacturing base consists of a combination of contract manufacturing and assembly and testing operated in Austin, Texas by Aviat. Additionally, Aviat utilizes a contract manufacturer based in Asia for much of its international equipment demand. Aviat s technology is underpinned by more than 500 patents. Aviat competes on the basis of total cost of ownership, microwave radio expertise and solutions for mission critical communications. Aviat has a global presence. 
 24 

Acquisitions 
 4RF Limited 
 On July 2, 2024, the Company acquired 4RF Limited 4RF ), a New Zealand company. Aviat purchased all of the issued and outstanding shares of 4RF in an all-cash transaction for 18.2 million, net of 1.2 million cash acquired. 4RF is a leading provider of industrial wireless access solutions, including narrowband point-to-point/multi-point radios and Private LTE and 5G routers. The acquisition of 4RF allows Aviat to expand its product offering for the global industrial wireless access markets including Private LTE/5G. See Note 11. Acquisitions of the Notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Notes for further information. 
 NEC s Wireless Transport Business 
 On November 30, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of NEC Corporation s NEC wireless transport business (the NEC Transaction ). Prior to the acquisition date, NEC was a leader in wireless backhaul networks with an extensive installed base of their Pasolink series products. The completion of the NEC Transaction increases the scale of Aviat, enhances the Company s product portfolio with a greater capability to innovate, and creates a more diversified business. See Note 11. Acquisitions of the Notes for further information. 
 The fair value of the consideration transferred at the closing of the NEC Transaction was comprised of (i) cash of 32.2 million, and (ii) the issuance of 736,750 shares or 22.3 million of Company common stock. Aggregate consideration transferred at closing was approximately 54.5 million, which is subject to certain post-closing adjustments. The Company estimates additional cash consideration of approximately 19.6 million will be transferred to NEC in the second quarter of fiscal 2025, primarily related to settlement of the post-closing working capital adjustment. The Company funded the cash portion of the NEC Transaction with Term Loan borrowings under its Credit Facility. See Note 6. Credit Facility and Debt of the Notes for further information. 
 
 Operations Review 
 The market for mobile backhaul continued to be the Company s primary addressable market segment globally in the first three months of fiscal 2025. In North America, the Company supported 5G and long-term evolution LTE deployments of its mobile operator customers, public safety network deployments for state and local governments, and private network implementations for utilities and other customers. In international markets, the Company s business continued to rely on a combination of customers increasing their capacity to handle subscriber growth and the ongoing build-out of some large LTE and 5G deployments. Aviat s position continues to be to support its customers for 5G and LTE readiness and ensure that its technology roadmap is well aligned with evolving market requirements. Aviat s strength in turnkey and after-sale support services is a differentiating factor that wins business for the Company and enables it to expand its business with existing customers. Additionally, Aviat operates an e-commerce platform that provides low-cost services, simple experience, and fast delivery to mobile operators and private network customers. However, as disclosed above and in the Risk Factors section in Item 1A of its Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2024, a number of factors could prevent the Company from achieving its objectives, including ongoing pricing pressures attributable to competition and macroeconomic conditions in the geographic markets that it serves. 
 Revisions to Prior Period Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Subsequent to the third quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company identified certain errors in the quarterly financial statements for fiscal 2024. The Company evaluated the materiality of the errors and determined that the impacts were not material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company s previously issued consolidated financial statements for any of the prior reporting periods in which they occurred. The Company has revised the prior period financial statements for fiscal 2024 to correct the errors. The revisions ensure comparability across all periods presented herein. Refer to Note 1. The Company and Basis of Presentation and Note 15. Revisions to Prior Period Consolidated Financial Statements of the Notes for further information. 
 Revenue 
 The Company manages its sales activities primarily on a geographic basis in North America and three international geographic regions: (1) Africa and the Middle East, (2) Europe, and (3) Latin America and Asia Pacific. Revenue by region for the three months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023 and the related changes were as follows: 
 25 

Three Months Ended (In thousands, except percentages) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Change Change North America 42,225 54,853 (12,628) (23.0) Africa and the Middle East 10,450 9,954 496 5.0 Europe 5,600 5,252 348 6.6 Latin America and Asia Pacific 30,154 16,850 13,304 79.0 Total revenue 88,429 86,909 1,520 1.7 
 Revenue in North America decreased by 12.6 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2025 compared with the same period of fiscal 2024 primarily due to lower demand from Tier 1 mobile network operators and timing of certain private network projects. 
 Revenue in Africa and the Middle East increased by 0.5 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2025 compared with the same period of fiscal 2024 primarily due to spending from mobile network operators in the region. 
 Revenue in Europe increased by 0.3 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2025 compared with the same period of fiscal 2024 primarily due to increased sales to mobile operators in the region. 
 Revenue in Latin America and Asia Pacific increased by 13.3 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2025 compared with the same period of fiscal 2024 primarily due to contributions resulting from the NEC Transaction. 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands, except percentages) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Change Change Product sales 61,116 59,545 1,571 2.6 Services 27,313 27,364 (51) (0.2) Total revenue 88,429 86,909 1,520 1.7 
 Revenue from product sales increased by 2.6 and revenue from services decreased by 0.2 for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 compared with the same quarter of fiscal 2024 primarily due to the factors discussed above and product sales contribution from the NEC Transaction. 
 Gross Margin 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands, except percentages) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Change Change Revenue 88,429 86,909 1,520 1.7 Cost of revenue 68,641 55,714 12,927 23.2 Gross margin 19,788 31,195 (11,407) (36.6) of revenue 22.4 35.9 Product margin 14.6 39.0 Service margin 39.8 29.1 
 Gross margin for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 decreased by 11.4 million compared with the same quarter of fiscal 2024 primarily due to changes in regions and customers and the expected near-term dilution as a result of the NEC Transaction. 
 26 

Research and Development 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands, except percentages) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Change Change Research and development 10,408 6,424 3,984 62.0 of revenue 11.8 7.4 
 Research and development expenses increased by 4.0 million for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 primarily due to increased product development activities. 
 Selling and Administrative 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands, except percentages) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Change Change Selling and administrative 24,948 19,237 5,711 29.7 of revenue 28.2 22.1 
 Selling and administrative expenses increased by 5.7 million for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 compared with the first quarter of fiscal 2024 primarily due to merger and acquisition expenses and additional costs resulting from the NEC Transaction. 
 Restructuring 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands, except percentages) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Change Change Restructuring charges 644 (644) (100.0) 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, there were no restructuring charges incurred, compared to 0.6 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. The prior year period includes restructuring charges primarily associated with reductions in workforce to optimize skill sets and align cost structure across the Company. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands, except percentages) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Change Change Interest expense, net 1,115 99 1,016 1,026.3 
 Interest expense, net increased by 1.0 million for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2024 primarily due to interest expense incurred on the Term Loan borrowings used to fund the NEC Transaction in the second quarter of fiscal 2024. 
 Other Expense, net 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands, except percentages) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Change Change Other expense, net 710 802 (92) (11.5) 
 Other expense, net decreased by (0.1) million for the first quarter of fiscal 2025, primarily as a result of foreign exchange rate movement. 
 27 

Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands, except percentages) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Change Change (Loss) income before income taxes (17,393) 3,989 (21,382) (536.0) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes (5,514) 432 (5,946) (1,376.4) 
 The Company estimates its annual effective tax rate at the end of each quarterly period, and records the tax effect of certain discrete items in the interim period in which they occur, including changes in judgment about uncertain tax positions and deferred tax valuation allowances. 
 The tax benefit for the first three months of fiscal 2025 was primarily due to tax benefit resulting from year-to-date losses. The tax expense for the first three months of fiscal 2024 was primarily attributable to tax expense related to U.S. and profitable foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 Liquidity, Capital Resources, and Financial Strategies 
 Sources of Cash 
 As of September 27, 2024, the Company s total cash and cash equivalents were 51.0 million. Approximately 12.5 million was held in the United States. The remaining balance of 38.6 million, or 76 , was held outside the United States. 
 Operating Activities 
 Operating cash flows is presented as net (loss) income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities was (27.2) million for the first three months of fiscal 2025, compared with 14.0 million in the prior year. The (41.1) million decrease is primarily attributable to increases in working capital and decreased earnings compared to the prior year. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 21.2 million for the first three months of fiscal 2025, compared to 0.7 million in the prior year. The 20.5 million increase is primarily due to payments associated with the acquisition of 4RF. 
 Financing Activities 
 Financing cash flows consist primarily of borrowings and repayments under the Company s Credit Facility and proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options. Net cash provided by financing activities was 34.3 million for the first three months of fiscal 2025, compared with 0.2 million in the prior year. The 34.1 million increase is primarily due to the 35.0 million of borrowings on the Company s Revolver. 
 As of September 27, 2024, the Company s principal sources of liquidity consisted of 51.0 million in cash and cash equivalents, 0.7 million of available credit under its Credit Facility, and future collections of receivables from customers. On October 18, 2024, the Company amended its Credit Facility which increased the borrowing capacity to 75.0 million for each of the Term Loan and Revolver facilities. The Company regularly requires letters of credit from certain customers, and, from time to time, these letters of credit are discounted without recourse shortly after shipment occurs in order to meet immediate liquidity requirements and to reduce its credit and sovereign risk. Historically, the Company s primary sources of liquidity have been cash flows from operations and credit facilities. 
 The Company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents, the available borrowings under its Credit Facility and future cash collections from customers will be sufficient to provide for its anticipated requirements and plans for cash for at least the next 12 months. In addition, the Company believes these sources of liquidity will be sufficient to provide for its anticipated requirements and plans for cash beyond the next 12 months. 
 The Company borrowed 35.0 million against the Revolver during the first three months of fiscal 2025. As of September 27, 2024, the Company had 48.8 million outstanding under its Term Loan and 35.0 million outstanding under its Revolver and was in compliance with all financial covenants contained in the Credit Facility. 
 28 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 For information about the Company s critical accounting estimates, see the Critical Accounting Estimates section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in its fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 In the normal course of doing business, the Company is exposed to risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates and changes in interest rates. The Company employs established policies and procedures governing the use of financial instruments to manage its exposure to such risks. Information about the Company s market risk is presented in Part II, Item 7A in its fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. There have been no material changes to the Company s market risk during the first three months of fiscal 2025. 
 Exchange Rate Risk 
 The Company conducts business globally in numerous currencies and is therefore exposed to foreign currency risks. From time to time, the Company uses derivative instruments to reduce the volatility of earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company does not hold or issue derivatives for trading purposes or make speculative investments in foreign currencies. 
 From time to time, the Company enters into foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate the change in fair value of specific non-functional currency assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. All balance sheet hedges are marked to market through earnings every period. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are largely offset by re-measurement of the underlying assets and liabilities. The Company did not have any foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding as of September 27, 2024. 
 Certain of the Company s international business are transacted in non-U.S. dollar USD currencies. From time to time, the Company utilizes foreign currency hedging instruments to minimize the currency risk of non-USD transactions. The impact of translating the assets and liabilities of foreign operations to USD is included as a component of stockholders equity. As of September 27, 2024 and June 28, 2024, the cumulative translation adjustment decreased stockholders equity by 17.2 million and 19.3 million, respectively. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company s exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to its cash equivalents and borrowings under its Credit Facility. Refer to Note 6. Credit Facility and Debt of the Notes for further information. 
 Exposure on Cash Equivalents 
 The Company had 51.0 million in total cash and cash equivalents as of September 27, 2024. Cash equivalents totaled 6.4 million as of September 27, 2024 and were comprised of money market funds and bank certificates of deposit. Cash equivalents have been recorded at fair value. Fair value is measured using inputs that fall into a three-level hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value based on observability of such inputs. For more information on the fair value measurements of cash equivalents, refer to Note 5. Fair Value Measurements of Assets and Liabilities of the Notes for further information. 
 The Company s cash equivalents earn interest at fixed rates; therefore, changes in interest rates will not generate a gain or loss on these investments unless they are sold prior to maturity. The weighted-average days to maturity for cash equivalents held as of September 27, 2024 was 51 days, and these investments had an average yield of approximately 5.4 per annum. A 10 change in interest rates on the Company s cash equivalents is not expected to have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Exposure on Borrowings 
 As of September 27, 2024, the Company had 48.8 million outstanding under its Term Loan and 35.0 million outstanding under its Revolver. 
 29 

The Company s borrowings under the current Credit Facility bear interest at either: (a) Adjusted Term SOFR plus the applicable margin; or (b) the Base Rate plus the applicable margin. The pricing levels for interest rate margins are determined based on the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio as determined and adjusted quarterly. As of September 27, 2024, the applicable margin on Adjusted Term SOFR and Base Rate borrowings was 2.50 and 1.50 , respectively. The effective rate of interest on the outstanding Term Loan and Revolver borrowings as of September 27, 2024 was 7.4 and 7.6 , respectively. 
 A 10 change in interest rates is estimated to have a 0.6 million impact on annual interest expense on the Company s outstanding long-term debt as of September 27, 2024. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 28, 2024, the Company s management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 28, 2024 due to certain material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. Refer to Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 28, 2024 for further information. 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company implemented actions designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediate these material weaknesses, including (i) providing training to the applicable control performers related to the importance of timely execution of control activities for which they are responsible; (ii) beginning the redesign of controls over the determination of the appropriate period for revenue recognition, controls over arrangements where revenue is recognized over time and controls related to the review and approval of journal entries, and (iii) implementing a formal monitoring program to perform the necessary evaluations to ascertain whether the components of internal control are present and functioning, including implementing corrective actions as necessary. 
 These steps are subject to ongoing senior management review, as well as oversight by the audit committee of our Board of Directors. While significant progress has been made to remediate the material weaknesses, the material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the associated controls operate effectively for a sufficient period of time and management concludes, through testing, that the controls are operating effectively. We will continue to monitor the design and effectiveness of these and other processes, procedures and controls and make further changes management deems appropriate. 
 The Company s management, with the participation of our President and CEO, and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), completed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures as of September 27, 2024. The Company s CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, were not effective as of September 27, 2024, due to the material weaknesses described above not being fully remediated as of the date of the evaluation. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 Except as noted above, there were no changes to our internal controls over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) that occurred during the quarter ended September 27, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 The Company s management, including its CEO and CFO, does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures or its internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well-designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 30 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 For a discussion of legal proceedings as of September 27, 2024, please refer to Legal Proceedings and Contingent Liabilities under Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which are incorporated into this item by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investors should carefully review and consider the information regarding certain factors which could materially affect our business, operating results, cash flows, and financial condition set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2024. 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors described in our Annual Report, although we may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 In November 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program to purchase up to 10.0 million of the Company s common stock. As of September 27, 2024, 6.9 million remains available and Aviat may choose to suspend or discontinue the repurchase program at any time. Repurchased shares are recorded as treasury stock. 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Insider Trading Arrangements 
 During the three months ended September 27, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers , modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 31 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed or furnished herewith or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 
 Exhibit Number Descriptions 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Aviat Networks, Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 13, 2023, File No. 001-33278). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Aviat Networks, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24, 2023, File No. 001-33278). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 
 32 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 AVIAT NETWORKS, INC. (Registrant) 
 Date: November 5, 2024 
 By: /s/ Michael Connaway Michael Connaway Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (duly authorized officer) 
 
 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fy25q1avnwform10-qex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Peter A. Smith, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 27, 2024, of Aviat Networks, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 s Peter A. Smith Name Peter A. Smith Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 fy25q1avnwform10-qex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael Connaway, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 27, 2024, of Aviat Networks, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 s Michael Connaway Name Michael Connaway Title Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 fy25q1avnwform10-qex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF AVIAT NETWORKS, INC. 
 PURSUANT TO TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Aviat Networks, Inc. Aviat Networks for the fiscal quarter ended September 27, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Peter A. Smith, President and Chief Executive Officer of Aviat Networks, and Michael Connaway, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Aviat Networks, hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Aviat Networks as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Peter A. Smith Name Peter A. Smith Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Michael Connaway Name Michael Connaway Title Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 avnw-20240927.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 avnw-20240927_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 avnw-20240927_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 avnw-20240927_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 avnw-20240927_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

