<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_737875_0000737875-24-000048.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24130529</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>165937</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1917575</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9923802</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3191029</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7979291</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000737875-24-000048.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108160746
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000737875-24-000048
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST KEYSTONE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000737875
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				232249083
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21344
		FILM NUMBER:		241440573

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 W FRONT ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 289
		CITY:			BERWICK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18603
		BUSINESS PHONE:		570-752-3671 X 1150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 WEST FRONT STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 289
		CITY:			BERWICK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18603

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000737875-24-000048.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 fkys-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________ to ________ Commission File Number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, small reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b- 2 of the Act). Yes No Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered None N/A N/A Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date: Common Stock, 2 Par Value, shares as of November 6, 2024. 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits in other banks Total cash and cash equivalents Debt securities available-for-sale, at fair value Marketable equity securities, at fair value Restricted investment in bank stocks, at cost Loans Loans held for sale Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans Premises and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Accrued interest receivable Cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance Investments in low-income housing partnerships Goodwill Deferred income taxes Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Deposits: Non-interest bearing Interest bearing Total deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Subordinated debentures Operating lease liabilities Accrued interest payable Other liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock, par value per share; authorized shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; issued as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Common stock, par value per share; authorized shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; issued as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023; outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023 Surplus Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 ) ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 2 

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited) 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 INTEREST INCOME Interest and fees on loans Interest and dividend income on securities: Taxable Tax-exempt Dividends Dividend income on restricted investment in bank stocks Interest on interest-bearing deposits in other banks Total interest income INTEREST EXPENSE Interest on deposits Interest on short-term borrowings Interest on long-term borrowings Interest on subordinated debt Total interest expense Net interest income Provision (credit) for credit losses ) ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses NON-INTEREST INCOME Trust department Service charges and fees Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance ATM fees and debit card income Net gains on sales of mortgage loans Net securities gains (losses) ) ) ) Other Total non-interest income NON-INTEREST EXPENSE Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy, net Furniture and equipment expense Computer expense Professional services Pennsylvania shares tax FDIC insurance, net ATM and debit card fees Data processing fees Advertising Goodwill Impairment Other Total non-interest expense Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) ) Income tax expense (benefit) expense ) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ) PER SHARE DATA Net income (loss) per share: Basic ) Diluted ) Dividends per share See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME (Unaudited) 

(Dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized net holding gains (losses) on debt securities available-for-sale arising during the period, net of income taxes of and ), respectively ) Fair value adjustment on derivatives, net of income tax expense of and , respectively ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 

(Dollars in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized net holding gains (losses) on debt securities available-for-sale arising during the period, net of income taxes of and ), respectively ) Less reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income, net of income taxes of and ), respectively (a) (b) ) Fair value adjustment on derivatives, net of income tax expense of and , respectively ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ______________________________ (a) Gross amounts are included in net securities losses on the consolidated statements of income in non-interest income. (b) Income tax amounts are included in income tax expense (benefit) on the consolidated statements of income. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Unaudited) Accumulated (Dollars in thousands, except Other Total per share data) Common Stock Retained Comprehensive Treasury Stockholders Shares Amount Surplus Earnings Loss Stock Equity Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of taxes Issuance of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan Dividends - per share ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Issuance of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan Dividends - per share ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of taxes Issuance of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan Dividends - per share ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

 5 

Accumulated (Dollars in thousands, except Other Total per share data) Common Stock Retained Comprehensive Treasury Stockholders Shares Amount Surplus Earnings Loss Stock Equity Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of taxes Issuance of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan Dividends - per share ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Issuance of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan Dividends - per share ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Issuance of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan Dividends - per share ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 6 

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (Unaudited) 

(Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Provision (credit) for credit losses on loans ) Provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments Goodwill impairment Depreciation and amortization Net premium amortization on securities Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) Common stock issued Net gains on sales of mortgage loans ) ) Proceeds from sales of mortgage loans originated for sale Originations of mortgage loans originated for sale ) ) Net securities losses Increase in accrued interest receivable ) ) Increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance ) ) Net losses on disposals of premises and equipment Increase in other assets ) Amortization of investment in low-income housing partnerships (Decrease) increase in accrued interest payable ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from sales of equity securities and debt securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities and redemptions of debt securities available-for-sale Purchases of debt securities available-for-sale ) ) Net change in restricted investment in bank stocks Net increase in loans ) ) Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) Purchase of investment in real estate venture ) ) NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net increase (decrease) in deposits ) Net increase in short-term borrowings Repayment of finance lease obligations ) Repayment of long-term borrowings ) ) Dividends paid ) ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES ) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, ENDING SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Interest paid Income taxes paid SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES Purchased securities settling after year-end Common stock subscription receivable Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 7 

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

 8 

allowance for credit losses for Available-For-Sale debt securities as of September 30, 2024; therefore, it is not present in the table below. The amortized cost, related estimated fair value, and unrealized gains and losses for debt securities classified as Available-For-Sale were as follows at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: ) Obligations of U.S. Government Agencies and Sponsored Agencies: Mortgage-backed ) Other ) Other mortgage backed securities ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) Asset-backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Total ) 

 9 

) Obligations of U.S. Government Agencies and Sponsored Agencies: Mortgage-backed ) Other ) Other mortgage backed securities ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) Asset-backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Total ) Debt securities Available-for-Sale with an aggregate fair value of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023, were pledged to secure public funds, trust funds, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and the Federal Discount Window aggregating at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities, by contractual maturity, are shown below at September 30, 2024. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Fair value 1 - 5 Years: Amortized cost Fair value 5 - 10 Years: Amortized cost Fair value After 10 Years: Amortized cost Fair value Total: Amortized cost Fair value 

 1 Mortgage-backed securities are allocated for maturity reporting at their original maturity date. 

 10 

percent of consolidated stockholders equity (excluding holdings of the U.S. Government and U.S. Government Agencies and Corporations). Velocity Commercial Capital Nelnet Student Loan Trust Navient Student Loan Trust 

(Dollars in thousands) Fair December 31, 2023: Value Issuer Sallie Mae Bank Nelnet Student Loan Trust Navient Student Loan Trust There were proceeds from sales of Debt Securities Available-For-Sale for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Therefore, there were gains or losses realized during these periods. Proceeds from sales of Debt Securities Available-For-Sale for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. Gross gains realized on these sales were and , respectively. Gross losses on these sales were and respectively. The summary below shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company s debt securities. Totals are aggregated by investment category where individual securities have been in a continuous loss position for less than 12 months or 12 months or more as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: ) ) Obligations of U.S. Government Agencies and Sponsored Agencies: Mortgage-backed ) ) ) Other ) ) Other mortgage-backed debt securities ) ) ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 

 11 

) ) Obligations of U.S. Government Agencies and Sponsored Agencies: Mortgage-backed ) ) ) Other ) ) Other mortgage-backed debt securities ) ) ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) There were individual debt securities in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024, with a combined decline in value representing of the debt securities portfolio. There were individual debt securities in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2023, with their combined decline in value representing of the debt securities portfolio. Available-for-sale debt securities are required to be individually evaluated for impairment in accordance with ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses. Management evaluates debt securities for impairment where there has been a decline in fair value below the amortized cost basis of a debt security to determine whether there is a credit loss associated with the decline in fair value on at least a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Credit losses are calculated individually, rather than collectively, using a discounted cash flow method, whereby Management compares the present value of expected cash flows with the amortized cost basis of the debt security. The credit loss component would be recognized through the provision for credit losses and the creation of an allowance for credit losses. Consideration is given to (1) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, (2) the outlook for receiving the contractual cash flows of the investments, (3) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (4) our intent and ability to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value or whether it is more-likely-than-not that we will be required to sell the debt security prior to recovering its fair value, (5) the anticipated outlook for changes in the general level of interest rates, (6) credit ratings, (7) third party guarantees, and (8) collateral values. In analyzing an issuer s financial condition, management considers whether the debt securities are issued by the federal government or its agencies, whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred, the results of reviews of the issuer s financial condition, and the issuer s anticipated ability to pay the contractual cash flows of the debt securities. All issues of U.S. Treasury and Agency-Backed debt securities have the full faith and credit backing of the United States Government or one of its agencies. All other debt securities that do not have a zero expected credit loss are evaluated quarterly to determine whether there is a credit loss associated with a decline in fair value. The Company made a policy election to exclude accrued interest receivable from the amortized cost basis of debt securities available for sale. Accrued interest receivable on debt securities available for sale is reported as a component of accrued interest receivable on the Company s consolidated balance sheet and totaled as of September 30, 2024. Accrued interest receivable on debt securities available for sale is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. All debt securities available for sale in an unrealized loss position, as of September 30, 2024, continue to perform as scheduled and we do not believe that there is a credit loss or that a provision for credit losses is necessary. Also, as part of our evaluation of our intent and ability to hold debt securities for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the market, we consider our investment strategies, cash flow needs, liquidity position, capital 

 12 

and , respectively, in equity securities recorded at fair value. The following is a summary of realized gains and losses recognized in net income on equity securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: ) Less: Net gains recognized during the period on equity securities sold during the period Net losses recognized during the reporting period on equity securities still held at the reporting date ) ) Management evaluates equity securities for impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such an evaluation. Equity securities without readily determinable fair values are generally evaluated for impairment under FASB ASC 321, Equity Securities. In determining impairment under the FASB ASC 321 model, management considers many factors, including (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, (3) whether the market decline was affected by macroeconomic conditions, and (4) whether the entity has the intent to sell the equity security or more likely than not will be required to sell the equity security before its anticipated recovery. The assessment of whether an impairment exists involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment and is based on the information available to management at a point in time. If an impairment loss on an equity security is considered to exist, a loss in the amount of the difference between the cost and fair value of the security is recognized. Once the impairment is recorded, this becomes the new cost basis of the equity security and cannot be adjusted upward if there is a subsequent recovery in the fair value of the security. The Company monitors the equity securities portfolio monthly with particular attention given to securities in a continuous loss position of at least ten percent for over twelve months. Based on the factors described above, management did not consider any equity securities to be impaired at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 

 13 

, have loan-to-value ratios of up to percent of the value of the collateral property, and are typically supported by personal guarantees of the borrowers. In underwriting these loans, the Company performs a thorough analysis of the financial condition of the borrower, the borrower s credit history, and the reliability and predictability of the cash flow generated by the property securing the loan. The value of the property is determined by either independent appraisers or internal evaluations performed by Bank officers. Real estate loans secured by commercial properties generally present a higher level of risk than loans secured by residential real estate. Repayment of loans secured by commercial real estate is typically dependent upon the successful operation of the related real estate project and/or the effect of the general economic conditions on income producing properties. The residential component of the Company s Real Estate portfolio is comprised of one-to-four family residential mortgage loan originations, home equity term loans and home equity lines of credit. These loans are generated by the Company s marketing efforts, its present customers, walk-in customers and referrals. These loans are originated primarily with customers from the Company s market area. The Company s one-to-four family residential mortgage originations are secured principally by properties located in its primary market area and surrounding areas. The Company offers fixed-rate mortgage loans with terms up to a maximum of for both permanent structures and those under construction. Loans with terms of are normally held for sale and sold without recourse; most of the residential mortgages held in the Company s residential real estate portfolio have maximum terms of . Generally, the majority of the Company s residential mortgage loans originate with a loan-to-value of percent or less, or those with private mortgage insurance at percent or less. Home equity term loans are secured by the borrower s primary residence and typically have a maximum loan-to-value of percent and a maximum term of . In general, home equity lines of credit are secured by the borrower s primary residence with a maximum loan-to-value of percent and a maximum term of . In underwriting one-to-four family residential mortgage loans, the Company evaluates the borrower s ability to make monthly payments, the borrower s prior loan repayment history and the value of the property securing the loan. The ability and willingness to repay is assessed based upon the borrower s employment history, current financial conditions and credit background. A majority of the properties securing residential real estate loans made by the Company are appraised by independent appraisers. The Company generally requires mortgage loan borrowers to obtain an attorney s title opinion or title insurance and fire and property insurance, including flood insurance, if applicable. Residential mortgage loans, home equity term loans and home equity lines of credit generally present a lower level of risk than consumer loans because they are secured by the borrower s primary residence. Risk is increased when the Company is in a subordinate position, especially to another lender, for the loan collateral. Residential mortgage loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or market on an aggregate basis determined by independent pricing from appropriate federal or state agency investors. These loans are sold without recourse. Loans held for sale amounted to and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

 14 

percent and a maximum term of . Commercial and Industrial Lending The Company originates commercial and industrial loans principally to businesses located in its primary market area and surrounding areas. These loans are used for various business purposes, which include short-term loans and lines of credit to finance machinery and equipment, inventory and accounts receivable. Generally, the maximum term for loans extended on machinery and equipment is based on the projected useful life of such machinery and equipment. Most business lines of credit are written on demand and are reviewed annually. Commercial and industrial loans are generally secured with short-term assets; however, in many cases, additional collateral such as real estate is provided as additional security for the loan. Loan-to-value maximum thresholds have been established by the Company and are specific to the type of collateral. Collateral values may be determined using invoices, inventory reports, accounts receivable aging reports, business financial statements, collateral appraisals or internal evaluations, etc. Commercial and industrial loans are typically supported by personal guarantees of the borrower. In underwriting commercial and industrial loans, an analysis is performed to evaluate the borrower s character and capacity to repay the loan, the adequacy of the borrower s capital and collateral, as well as the conditions affecting the borrower. Evaluation of the borrower s past, present and future cash flows is also an important aspect of the Company s analysis of the borrower s ability to repay. Commercial and industrial loans generally present a higher level of risk than other types of loans due primarily to the effect of general economic conditions. Commercial and industrial loans are typically made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from cash flows from the borrower s primary business activities. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial and industrial loans is dependent on the success of the business itself, which in turn, is likely to be dependent upon the general economic environment. As an addition to the commercial loans receivable portfolio, the Company may purchase the guaranteed portion of loans secured by the U.S. Government. The originating bank retains the unguaranteed portion of the loan. The loans are sponsored by one of the various government agencies including the SBA, United States Department of Agriculture USDA ), and the Farm Service Agency FSA ). Government Guaranteed Loans ("GGLs") carry no credit risk due to an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee (which is supported by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government) on all principal and the balance of interest accruing through ninety days beyond the date that demand is made to the originating bank for repurchase of the loan. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's balance of GGLs was , compared to at December 31, 2023. Consumer Lending The Company offers a variety of secured and unsecured consumer loans, including vehicle loans, stock secured loans and loans secured by financial institution deposits. These loans originate primarily with customers from the Company s market area. 

 15 

or more. Delinquent notices are generated automatically when a loan is days past-due, depending on loan type. Collection efforts continue on past-due loans that have not been brought current, when it is believed that some chance exists for improvement in the status of the loan. Past-due loans are continually evaluated with the determination for charge-off being made when no reasonable chance remains that the status of the loan can be improved. Commercial and industrial loans and real estate loans issued for commercial purpose are charged off in whole or in part when they become sufficiently delinquent based upon the terms of the underlying loan contract and when a collateral deficiency exists. Because all or part of the contractual cash flows are not expected to be collected, the loan is considered to be impaired, and the Company estimates the impairment based on its analysis of the cash flows or collateral estimated at fair value less cost to sell. Should a GGL default, demand is made to the originating bank for repurchase of the loan. If the originating bank does not repurchase the loan, demand for repurchase is then made to the appropriate government agency which has provided the guarantee for the loan. Real estate loans issued for residential purposes and consumer loans are charged off when they become sufficiently delinquent based upon the terms of the underlying loan contract and when the value of the underlying collateral is not sufficient to support the loan balance and a loss is expected. At that time, the amount of estimated collateral deficiency, if any, is charged off for loans secured by collateral, and all other loans are charged off in full. Loans with collateral are written down to the estimated fair value of the collateral less cost to sell. Existing loans in which the borrower has declared bankruptcy are considered on a case by case basis to determine whether repayment is likely to occur (e.g. reaffirmation by the borrower with demonstrated repayment ability). Otherwise, loans are charged off in full or written down to the estimated fair value of collateral less cost to sell. 

 16 

past due or management has serious doubts about further collectability of principal or interest. A loan may remain on accrual status if it is well secured (or supported by a strong guarantee) and in the process of collection. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, unpaid interest credited to income in the current year is reversed and unpaid interest accrued in prior years is charged against interest income. Certain non-accrual loans may continue to perform; that is, payments are still being received. Generally, the payments are applied to principal. These loans remain under constant scrutiny, and if performance continues, interest income may be recorded on a cash basis based on management's judgment regarding the collectability of principal. Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans The allowance for credit losses ACL is an estimate of losses arising from borrowers inability to make loan payments as required, which is calculated via a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis to present the net amount expected to be collected on the loan portfolio. The Company completed a one-time adjustment on January 1, 2023 to decrease the ACL at the adoption of ASU 2016-13 through retained earnings, but all subsequent adjustments will be established through provisions for credit losses charged against income. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the ACL and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. The ACL is maintained at a level estimated by management to be adequate to absorb potential loan losses. Management s periodic evaluation of the adequacy of the ACL is based on specific expectations for the future economic environment that are incorporated in the projection, with loss expectations to revert to the long-run historical mean after such time as management can make or obtain a reasonable and supportable forecast. Management also considers the Company s past loan loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may impact the borrower s ability to repay (including the timing of future payments), the estimated value of any underlying collateral (if the loan is collateral dependent), composition of the loan portfolio, and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates based on management s judgment regarding the projection of expected credit losses over the contractual lifetime of the loans. Modeling of the ACL uses sophisticated statistical techniques to arrive at reasonable and supportable forecasts of expected losses. The Company has contracted with a third-party vendor to assist in developing models for the ACL related to the Company s loan portfolio under ASU 2016-13. The Company has opted to utilize the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity WARM method to calculate the ACL which uses an average annual charge-off rate. This average annual charge-off rate contains loss content over several vintages and is used as a foundation for estimating the credit loss content for loans by segmented pools at the balance sheet date and is used to determine a historical charge-off rate. When estimating expected credit losses, the Company considers forward-looking information that is reasonable, supportable, and relevant to assessing the collectability of cash flows. Reasonable and supportable forecasts may extend over the entire contractual term of a loan or a period shorter than the contractual term. Reasonable and supportable forecasts may vary by portfolio segment or individual forecast input. These forecasts may include data from internal sources, external sources, or a combination of both. When the contractual term of a loan extends beyond the reasonable and supportable period, ASC Topic 326 requires reverting to historical loss information, or an appropriate proxy, for those periods beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast period (often referred to as the reversion period). The Company may revert to historical loss information for each individual forecast input or based on the entire estimate of loss. Reversion to historical loss information may be immediate, occur on a straight-line basis, or use any systematic/rational method. Management may apply different reversion techniques depending on the economic environment or applicable loan portfolio. The methodology used to determine the ACL also includes a qualitative component in which the Company adjusts expected credit loss estimates for information not already captured in the loss estimation process. These qualitative factor adjustments may increase or decrease management s estimate of expected credit losses. Changes in the level of the Company s ACL may not always be directionally consistent with changes in the level of qualitative factor adjustments due to the incorporation of reasonable and supportable forecasts in estimating expected losses. Management considers qualitative factors that are relevant to the Company as of the reporting date, which may include but are not limited to: 1) changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and collection, 

 17 

18 

19 

and , respectively. The Company made a policy election to exclude accrued interest receivable from the amortized cost basis of loans. Accrued interest receivable on loans is reported as a component of accrued interest receivable on the Company s consolidated balance sheet and totaled as of September 30, 2024 compared to at December 31, 2023. Accrued interest receivable on loans is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. The Company is subject to periodic examination by its federal and state examiners, and may be required by such regulators to recognize additions to the ACL based on their assessment of credit information available to them at the time of their examinations. The Company utilizes a risk grading matrix as a tool for managing credit risk in the loan portfolio and assigns an asset quality rating (risk grade) to all loans. An asset quality rating is assigned using the guidance provided in the Company s loan policy. Primary responsibility for assigning the asset quality rating rests with the credit department. The asset quality rating is validated periodically by both an internal and external loan review process. The commercial loan grading system focuses on a borrower s financial strength and performance, experience and depth of management, primary and secondary sources of repayment, the nature of the business and the outlook for the particular industry. Primary emphasis is placed on financial condition and trends. The grade also reflects current economic and industry conditions; as well as other variables such as liquidity, cash flow, revenue/earnings trends, management strengths or weaknesses, quality of financial information, and credit history. The loan grading system for residential real estate secured and consumer loans focuses on the borrower s credit score and credit history, debt-to-income ratio and income sources, collateral position and loan-to-value ratio. Risk grade characteristics are as follows: Risk Grade 1 MINIMAL RISK through Risk Grade 6 MANAGEMENT ATTENTION (Pass Grade Categories) Risk is evaluated via examination of several attributes including but not limited to financial trends, strengths and weaknesses, likelihood of repayment when considering both cash flow and collateral, sources of repayment, leverage position, management expertise, and repayment history. At the low-risk end of the rating scale, a risk grade of 1 Minimal Risk is the grade reserved for loans with exceptional credit fundamentals and virtually no risk of default or loss. Loan grades then progress through escalating ratings of 2 through 6 based upon risk. Risk Grade 2 Modest Risk are loans with sufficient cash flows; Risk Grade 3 Average Risk are loans with key balance sheet ratios slightly above the borrower s peers; Risk Grade 4 Acceptable Risk are loans with key balance sheet ratios usually near the borrower s peers, but one or more ratios may be higher; and Risk Grade 5 Marginally Acceptable are loans with strained cash flow, increasing leverage and/or weakening markets. Risk Grade 6 Management Attention are loans with weaknesses resulting from declining performance trends and the borrower s cash flows may be temporarily strained. Loans in this category are performing according to terms, but present some type of potential concern. 

 20 

21 

7 Special Mention 8 Substandard 9 Doubtful Unearned discount Net deferred loan fees and costs Total Real Estate Loans Agricultural: 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total 1-6 Pass 7 Special Mention 8 Substandard 9 Doubtful Unearned discount Net deferred loan fees and costs Total Agricultural Loans Commercial and Industrial: 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total 1-6 Pass 7 Special Mention 8 Substandard 9 Doubtful Unearned discount Net deferred loan fees and costs Total Commercial and Industrial Loans Consumer: 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total 1-6 Pass 7 Special Mention 8 Substandard 9 Doubtful Unearned discount Net deferred loan fees and costs Total Consumer Loans 

 22 

7 Special Mention 8 Substandard 9 Doubtful Unearned discount Net deferred loan fees and costs Total State and Political Subdivision Loans Total Loans: 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total 1-6 Pass 7 Special Mention 8 Substandard 9 Doubtful Unearned discount Net deferred loan fees and costs Total Loans 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total Gross Charge Offs: Real Estate Agricultural Commercial and Industrial Consumer State and Political Subdivisions Total Gross Charge Offs 

(Dollars in thousands) As of December 31, 2023: Real Estate: 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total 1-6 Pass 7 Special Mention 8 Substandard 9 Doubtful Unearned discount Net deferred loan fees and costs ) Total Real Estate Loans Agricultural: 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total 1-6 Pass 7 Special Mention 8 Substandard 9 Doubtful Unearned discount Net deferred loan fees and costs Total Agricultural Loans 

 23 

7 Special Mention 8 Substandard 9 Doubtful Unearned discount Net deferred loan fees and costs ) Total Commercial and Industrial Loans Consumer: 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total 1-6 Pass 7 Special Mention 8 Substandard 9 Doubtful Unearned discount Net deferred loan fees and costs Total Consumer Loans State and Political Subdivisions: 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total 1-6 Pass 7 Special Mention 8 Substandard 9 Doubtful Unearned discount Net deferred loan fees and costs Total State and Political Subdivision Loans Total Loans: 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total 1-6 Pass 7 Special Mention 8 Substandard 9 Doubtful Unearned discount Net deferred loan fees and costs Total Loans 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total Gross Charge Offs: Real Estate Agricultural Commercial and Industrial Consumer State and Political Subdivisions Total Gross Charge Offs 

 24 

State and Political Subdivision Loans include loans categorized as tax-free in the amount of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. Commercial and Industrial Loans include of GGLs as of September 30, 2024 and of GGLs as of December 31, 2023. Loans held for sale are included in the Real Estate Loans category and amounted to at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. The activity in the allowance for credit losses by loan class is summarized below for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the year ended December 31, 2023. Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision ) Ending Balance Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision Ending Balance Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment Reserve for Unfunded Lending Commitments Loans Receivable: Ending Balance Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

 25 

Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries (Credit) Provision ) ) ) ) ) Ending Balance 

(Dollars in thousands) Real Commercial Political Estate Agricultural and Industrial Consumer Subdivisions Total As of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023: Allowance for Credit Losses: Beginning balance December 31, 2022 CECL adoption adjustment ) ) ) ) ) Beginning balance January 1, 2023 Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries (Credit) Provision ) ) ) ) ) Ending Balance Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment Reserve for Unfunded Lending Commitments Loans Receivable: Ending Balance Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

 26 

CECL adoption adjustment ) ) ) ) ) Beginning balance January 1, 2023 Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries (Credit) Provision ) ) ) ) Ending Balance Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment Reserve for Unfunded Lending Commitments Loans Receivable: Ending Balance Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment The Company's activity in the allowance for credit losses on unfunded commitments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Balance at December 31 CECL adoption adjustment Reserve for credit losses on unfunded commitments Balance at September 30 The following table presents outstanding loan balances by loan class prior to allocation of net deferred fees and costs, as well as the balance of net loans after allocation of net deferred fees and costs, derivative fair value adjustment, and the allowance for credit losses as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Agricultural Commercial and Industrial Consumer State and Political Subdivisions Subtotal Net Deferred Fees and Costs Allowance for Credit Losses ) ) 

 27 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, modifications were granted on loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty which carried a combined post modification recorded investment of . modification of a loan to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty was granted during the three months ended September 30, 2024 to extend the maturity date of the loan by . The loan carried a post modification recorded investment of . The other loan modification granted on a loan to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was completed during the first quarter of 2024 and consisted of a payment modification which allowed a period of interest-only payments of six months. This loan carried a post modification recorded investment of . There were loan modifications granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2023. The outstanding recorded investment of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty was at September 30, 2024, compared to at December 31, 2023. There were unfunded commitments on modified loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty as of September 30, 2024. The following table presents the outstanding recorded investment of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty at September 30, 2024. There were loan modifications granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty as of December 31, 2023. Total 

At September 30, 2024 there were modifications of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that were not in compliance with the terms of their restructure. Of the modifications of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that were completed during the twelve months preceding September 30, 2024, the loan carrying a post modification recorded investment of experienced a payment default during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, but the loan was paid current by the customer as of September 30, 2024. There were no payment defaults on modifications of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The following table presents information regarding modifications of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that were completed during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were modifications of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty completed during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2023. Total 

(Dollars in thousands) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Pre-Modification Post-Modification Outstanding Outstanding Number of Recorded Recorded Recorded Contracts Investment Investment Investment Real Estate 

 28 

The following table provides detail regarding the types of loan modifications made for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were no modifications of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty completed during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2023. Total 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Rate Term Payment Number Modification Modification Modification Modified Real Estate Total The recorded investment, unpaid principal balance, and the related allowance of the Company s non-accrual loans are summarized below at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: Agricultural Commercial and Industrial Total 

(Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2023 Recorded Recorded Unpaid Unpaid Investment Investment Principal Principal Total With With No Total Balance With Balance With Unpaid Related Related Recorded Related No Related Principal Related Allowance Allowance Investment Allowance Allowance Balance Allowance Real Estate Agricultural Commercial and Industrial Total The recorded investment represents the loan balance reflected on the consolidated balance sheets net of any charge-offs. The unpaid balance is equal to the gross amount due on the loan. 

 29 

Commercial and Industrial Total 

(Dollars in thousands) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Average Average Interest Interest Recorded Recorded Income Income Investment Investment Total Recognized Recognized Total With With No Average With With No Interest Related Related Recorded Related Related Income Allowance Allowance Investment Allowance Allowance Recognized Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Total 

(Dollars in thousands) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Average Average Interest Interest Recorded Recorded Income Income Investment Investment Total Recognized Recognized Total With With No Average With With No Interest Related Related Recorded Related Related Income Allowance Allowance Investment Allowance Allowance Recognized Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Total 

(Dollars in thousands) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Average Average Interest Interest Recorded Recorded Income Income Investment Investment Total Recognized Recognized Total With With No Average With With No Interest Related Related Recorded Related Related Income Allowance Allowance Investment Allowance Allowance Recognized Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Total 

 30 

The following table presents the Company s individually evaluated, collateral-dependent loans by segment as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Agricultural Commercial and Industrial Total (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2023 Real Estate Other Real Estate Agricultural Commercial and Industrial Total At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no commitments to lend additional funds with respect to individually evaluated loans. Total non-performing assets (which includes loans receivable on non-accrual status, foreclosed assets held for resale and loans past-due 90 days or more and still accruing interest) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows: Agricultural Commercial and Industrial Consumer State and Political Subdivisions Total non-accrual loans Foreclosed assets held for resale Loans past-due 90 days or more and still accruing interest Total non-performing assets 

There were foreclosed assets held for resale at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate for which the Company has entered into formal foreclosure proceedings but for which physical possession has yet to be obtained amounted to at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. These balances were not included in foreclosed assets held for resale at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 

 31 

Agricultural Commercial and Industrial Consumer State and Political Subdivisions Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 90 Days Or Greater Past Due 90 Days Current- and Still 30-59 Days 60-89 Days or Greater Total 29 Days Total Accruing Past Due Past Due Past Due Past Due Past Due Loans Interest December 31, 2023: Real Estate Agricultural Commercial and Industrial Consumer State and Political Subdivisions Total Interest bearing demand Savings Time certificates of deposits less than 250,000 Time certificates of deposits 250,000 or greater Other time Total deposits Total deposits increased to as of September 30, 2024 due to increases in non-interest bearing demand deposits, interest bearing demand deposits and time deposits. The increase in deposits was mainly the result of increased time deposits as the result of new higher rate CD promotions during the first nine months of 2024 which increased the balance of retail CDs by and an increase of in brokered CDs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was also a increase in municipal deposits in 2024, offset by a decrease of in savings during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

 32 

borrowings. Short-term borrowings and weighted average interest rates at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are as follows: Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Federal Discount Window Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh Total Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase Repurchase Agreements The Company enters into agreements under which it sells securities subject to an obligation to repurchase the same or similar securities. Under these arrangements, the Company may transfer legal control over the assets but still retain effective control through an agreement that both entitles and obligates the Company to repurchase the assets. As a result, these repurchase agreements are accounted for as collateralized financing agreements (i.e., secured borrowings) and not as a sale and subsequent repurchase of securities. The obligation to repurchase the securities is reflected as a liability on the Company s consolidated balance sheets, while the securities underlying the repurchase agreements remain in the respective investment securities asset accounts. In other words, there is not offsetting or netting of the investment securities assets with the repurchase agreement liabilities. In addition, as the Company does not enter into reverse repurchase agreements, there is no such offsetting to be done with the repurchase agreements. The right of setoff for a repurchase agreement resembles a secured borrowing, whereby the collateral would be used to settle the fair value of the repurchase agreement should the Company be in default (e.g., fails to make an interest payment to the counterparty). The collateral is held by a correspondent bank in the counterparty s custodial account. The counterparty has the right to sell or repledge the investment securities. 

 33 

) December 31, 2023 Repurchase agreements (a) ) 

 (a) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of securities pledged in connection with repurchase agreements was and , respectively. 
 The following table presents the remaining contractual maturity of the master netting arrangement or repurchase agreements as of September 30, 2024: Total Long-Term Borrowings and Letters of Credit Long-term borrowings are comprised of advances from the FHLB. The Company s long-term borrowings consist of notes at fixed interest rates. Upon any default, under the terms of a master agreement, FHLB may declare all indebtedness of the Company immediately due. In addition, FHLB shall not be required to fund advances under any outstanding commitments. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s long-term borrowings outstanding with the FHLB amounted to and , respectively. Irrevocable standby letters of credit may be issued to a customer/beneficiary by the FHLB on the Company s behalf in order to secure public/municipal unit deposits, provide credit enhancement to certain transaction types, or to support payment obligations to third parties. These irrevocable standby letters of credit are supported by an irrevocable and independent guarantee by the FHLB for the Company s pledging obligation to secure public/municipal unit deposits which eliminates the need for the Company to pledge collateral in the amount necessary to secure these funds. There were irrevocable standby letters of credit which could be drawn on through FHLB s close of business on September 30, 2024. Any irrevocable standby letters of credit are issued as necessary in an amount appropriate to secure specific public/municipal unit deposits. Under terms of a blanket agreement, collateral for the FHLB loans and letters of credit consists of certain qualifying assets of the Corporation s banking subsidiary. Principal qualifying assets are certain real estate mortgages and investment securities. As of September 30, 2024, loans of were pledged to FHLB which resulted in a FHLB maximum borrowing capacity of . As of September 30, 2024, securities were pledged as collateral to FHLB to secure FHLB loans and letters of credit. 

 34 

aggregate principal amount of Subordinated Notes due 2030 (the 2020 Notes to accredited investors. The 2020 Notes are intended to be treated as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes. The Company utilized the net proceeds it received from the sale of the 2020 Notes to support organic growth and for general corporate purposes. The 2020 Notes bear a fixed interest rate of per year for the first and then float based on a benchmark rate (as defined). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 30 and December 31 of each year, which began on June 30, 2021, for the first after issuance and will be payable quarterly in arrears thereafter on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31. The 2020 Notes will mature on December 31, 2030 and are redeemable in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, at any time on or after December 31, 2025 and prior to December 31, 2030. Additionally, if all or any portion of the 2020 Notes cease to be deemed Tier 2 capital, the Corporation may redeem, in whole and not in part, at any time upon giving not less than notice, an amount equal to one hundred percent of the principal amount outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. Holders of the 2020 Notes may not accelerate the maturity of the 2020 Notes, except upon the bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, receivership or similar law of the Corporation or the Bank. branch banking facilities and parcel of land under operating leases. At September 30, 2024, right-of-use assets and lease liabilities were recorded related to these operating leases totaling and , respectively. At December 31, 2023, right-of-use assets and lease liabilities stood at and , respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. Options to extend or terminate a lease may be included in our lease agreements. When it is reasonably certain that we will exercise those options, the right-of-use asset and lease liability will reflect the renewal or termination option. No significant assumptions or judgements were made in determining whether a contract contained a lease or in the consideration of lease versus non-lease components. None of the leases contained an implicit rate; therefore, our incremental borrowing rate was used for each of the leases. The Company recognized total operating lease costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 of and , respectively. Operating lease costs are included in occupancy, net in the accompanying statements of income. Cash payments totaled and , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The following table displays the weighted-average term and discount rates for operating leases outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Weighted-average discount rate 

 35 

After one but within two years After two but within three years After three but within four years After four but within five years After five years Total undiscounted cash flows Discount on cash flows ) ) Total lease liability swap contracts effective September 20, 2023 and additional swap contract effective September 4, 2024. Fair Values of Derivative Instruments on the Statement of Financial Condition The tables below present the fair value of the Company s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: Other Liabilities Total 

(Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2023 Derivative Assets Derivative Liabilities Location Fair Value Location Fair Value Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps Other Assets Other Liabilities Total 

 36 

) December 31, 2023 Derivatives ) The following table presents the remaining contractual maturity of the master netting arrangements as of September 30, 2024: Derivative Liabilities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Fair Value Hedges of Interest Rate Risk The Company is exposed to changes in the fair value of certain of its fixed-rate assets due to changes in benchmark interest rates. The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its exposure to changes in fair value on these instruments attributable to changes in the designated benchmark interest rates. Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges involve the payment of fixed-rate amounts to a counterparty in exchange for the Company receiving variable-rate payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. Such derivatives are used to hedge the changes in fair value of certain of its pools of fixed rate assets. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a total of interest rate swaps with a combined notional amount of hedging fixed-rate available-for-sale debt securities and interest rate swap with a notional amount of hedging fixed-rate loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the following amounts were recorded on the balance sheet related to the cumulative basis adjustment for fair value hedges: Available-for-sale - Municipals Available-for-sale - MBS Total Interest rate swaps notional amount 

 37 

Available-for-sale - Municipals ) ) Available-for-sale - MBS ) ) Total ) ) The table below presents the pre-tax effects of the Company s derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: Amount of gain, net of fair value re-measurements, included in interest income Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk The Company uses derivatives to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company has entered into interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. These interest rate products are designated as cash flow hedges. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a total of interest rate swaps with a combined notional amount of hedging specific short-term wholesale funding positions. For derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, the gain or loss on the derivatives is recorded in other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified into interest expense in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. During the next twelve months, it is estimated that an additional will be reclassified as interest expense. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the payment of fixed-rate amounts to a counterparty in exchange for the Company receiving variable-rate payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. For cash flow hedges on the Company's short-term wholesale funding positions, amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s hedged variable rate short-term wholesale funding positions. During the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024, the Company reclassified as a reduction in interest expense. The table below presents the pre-tax effects of the Company s derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: Amount of gain reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense Interest rate swaps notional amount Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features The Company has agreements with each of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations and could be required to terminate its derivative positions with the counterparty. The Company also has agreements with its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if the Company fails to maintain its status as a well-capitalized institution, then the Company could be required to terminate its derivative positions with the 

 38 

posted with the counterparty at September 30, 2024 and collateral in the amount of posted with the counterparty at December 31, 2023. Financial standby letters of credit Performance standby letters of credit Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses that may require payment of a fee. Since some of the commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the borrower. Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, owner-occupied income-producing commercial properties, and residential real estate. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee payment to a third party when a customer either fails to repay an obligation or fails to perform some non-financial obligation. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Company may hold collateral (similar to the items held as collateral for commitments to extend credit) to support standby letters of credit for which collateral is deemed necessary. 

 39 

in loans secured by real estate, which represented of total loans. The real estate loan portfolio is largely secured by lessors of residential buildings and dwellings, lessors of non-residential buildings, and lessors of hotels/motels. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, management is of the opinion that there were no concentrations exceeding 10 of total loans with regard to loans to borrowers who were engaged in similar activities that were similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. As all financial instruments are subject to some level of credit risk, the Company requires collateral and/or guarantees for all loans. Collateral may include, but is not limited to property, plant, and equipment, commercial and/or residential real estate property, land, and pledge of securities. In the event of a borrower s default, the collateral supporting the loan may be seized in order to recoup losses associated with the loan. The Company also establishes an allowance for credit losses that constitutes the amount available to absorb losses within the loan portfolio that may exist due to deficiencies in collateral values. 

 40 

Obligations of U.S. Government Agencies and Sponsored Agencies: Mortgaged-backed Other Other mortgage backed debt securities Obligations of state and political subdivisions Asset-backed securities Corporate debt securities Total debt securities available-for-sale Marketable equity securities Total recurring fair value measurements 

(Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Debt Securities Available-for-Sale: U.S. Treasury securities Obligations of U.S. Government Agencies and Sponsored Agencies: Mortgaged-backed Other Other mortgage backed debt securities Obligations of state and political subdivisions Asset-backed securities Corporate debt securities Total debt securities available-for-sale Marketable equity securities Total recurring fair value measurements The estimated fair values of equity securities and US Treasury debt securities classified as Level 1 are derived from quoted market prices in active markets; the equity securities consist mainly of stocks held in other banks. The estimated fair values of all debt securities classified as Level 2 are obtained from nationally-recognized third-party pricing agencies. The estimated fair values are derived primarily from cash flow models, which include assumptions for interest rates, credit losses, and prepayment speeds. The significant inputs utilized in the cash flow models are based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company (observable inputs), and are therefore classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The Company does not have any Level 3 inputs for securities. There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during 2024 or 2023. 

 41 

requires an appraisal to be obtained and reviewed annually at year end unless the Board of Directors waives such requirement for a specific loan, in favor of obtaining a Certificate of Inspection instead, defined as an internal evaluation completed by the Company. A quarterly collateral evaluation is performed which may include a site visit, property pictures and discussions with realtors and other similar business professionals to ascertain current values. For individually evaluated loans less than upon classification and annually at year end, the Company completes a Certificate of Inspection, which includes an onsite inspection, and considers value indicators such as insured values, tax assessed values, recent sales comparisons and a review of the previous evaluations.These assets are included as Level 3 fair values, based upon the lowest level that is significant to the fair value measurements. The fair value consists of the individually evaluated loan balances less the valuation allowance and/or charge-offs. There were transfers between valuation levels in 2024 and 2023. Individually evaluated loans measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are as follows: Commercial and Industrial Total individually evaluated loans 

(Dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets at December 31, 2023 Individually evaluated loans: Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Total individually evaluated loans Nonfinancial Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis There were no foreclosed assets held for resale measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company s foreclosed asset valuation procedure requires an appraisal or a Certificate of Inspection, which considers the sales prices of similar properties in the proximate vicinity, to be completed periodically with the exception of those cases in which the Bank has obtained a sales agreement. These assets are included as Level 3 fair values, based upon the lowest level that is significant to the fair value measurements. There were transfers between valuation levels in 2024 and 2023. 

 42 

December 31, 2023 Individually evaluated loans - collateral dependent 

 1. Fair value is generally determined through independent appraisals or Certificates of Inspection of the underlying collateral, as defined by Bank regulators. 2. Appraisals may be adjusted downward by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses. The typical range of appraisal adjustments are presented as a percent of the appraisal value. 3. Includes qualitative adjustments by management and estimated liquidation expenses. 4. Collateral values may be adjusted downward by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses. Fair Value of Financial Instruments Measured on a Nonrecurring Basis Interest-bearing deposits in other banks Restricted investment in bank stocks Net loans Mortgage servicing rights Accrued interest receivable Derivative Assets FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: Demand, savings and other deposits Time deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable Derivative Liabilities 

 43 

Interest-bearing deposits in other banks Restricted investment in bank stocks Net loans Mortgage servicing rights Accrued interest receivable FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: Demand, savings and other deposits Time deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable Derivative Liabilities 

 44 

and , respectively. The costs of acquiring asset management customers are incremental and recognized within non-interest expense in the consolidated statements of income. Interchange Fees and Surcharges Interchange fees are related to the acceptance and settlement of debit card transactions, both point-of-sale and ATM, to cover operating costs and risks associated with the approval and settlement of the transactions. Interchange fees vary by type of transaction and each merchant sector. Net income recognized from interchange fees is included in non-interest income on the consolidated statements of income. A surcharge is assessed for use of the Company s ATMs by non-customers. All interchange fees and surcharges are recognized as received on a daily basis for the prior business day s transactions. All expenses related to the settlement of debit card transactions (both point-of-sale and ATM) are recognized on a monthly basis and included in non-interest expense on the consolidated statements of income. potential common shares outstanding. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted (losses) earnings per share. Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted earnings per share 

(In thousands, except earnings per share) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net (loss) income ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted (losses) earnings per share at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. Impairment testing is performed on an annual basis, using either a qualitative or quantitative approach. The assumptions used in the impairment test of goodwill are susceptible to change based on changes in economic conditions and other factors, including our stock price. Any change in the assumptions utilized to determine the carrying value of goodwill could adversely affect our results of operations. Goodwill was evaluated for impairment using a qualitative impairment test at December 31, 2023, and it was determined that goodwill was not impaired. Due primarily to the decrease in the Company s stock price during the first quarter of 2024 as a triggering event, management evaluated the need for an interim goodwill impairment analysis. The 

 45 

effective March 31, 2024. Item 2. First Keystone Corporation Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation In addition to historical information, this Form 10-Q may contain forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, (a) projections or statements regarding future earnings, expenses, net interest income, noninterest income, earnings or loss per share, asset mix and quality, growth prospects, capital structure, and other financial terms, (b) statements of plans and objectives of Management or the Board of Directors, and (c) statements of assumptions, such as economic conditions in the Company's market areas. Such forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believes", "expects", "may", "intends", "will", "should", "anticipates", or the negative of any of the foregoing or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussion of strategy. Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties such as national, regional and local economic conditions, competitive factors, and regulatory limitations. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ from those projected include, but are not limited to, the following: short-term and long-term effects of inflation and rising costs on the Company, customers and economy; legislative and regulatory changes; banking system instability caused by failures and continuing financial uncertainty of various banks which may adversely impact the Company and its securities and loan values, deposit stability, capital adequacy, financial condition, operations, liquidity, and results of operations; effects of governmental and fiscal policies, as well as legislative and regulatory changes; effects of new laws and regulations (including laws and regulations concerning taxes, banking, securities and insurance) and their application with which the Company and its subsidiaries must comply; impacts of the capital and liquidity requirements of the Basel III standards or any similar standards; effects of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Financial Accounting Standards Board and other accounting standard setters; ineffectiveness of the business strategy due to changes in current or future market conditions; future actions or inactions of the United States government, including the effects of short-term and long-term federal budget and tax negotiations and a failure to increase the government debt limit or a prolonged shutdown of the federal government; effects of economic conditions particularly with regard to the negative impact of any pandemic, epidemic or health-related crisis and the responses thereto on the operations of the Company and current customers, specifically the effect of the economy on loan customers' ability to repay loans; effects of competition, and of changes in laws and regulations on competition, including industry consolidation and development of competing financial products and services; inflation, securities market and monetary fluctuations; risks of changes in interest rates on the level and composition of deposits, loan demand, and the values of loan collateral, securities, and interest rate protection agreements, as well as interest rate risks; difficulties in acquisitions and integrating and operating acquired business operations, including information technology difficulties; challenges in establishing and maintaining operations in new markets; effects of technology changes; effects of general economic conditions and more specifically in the Company's market areas; failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves for credit losses and estimations of values of collateral and various financial assets and liabilities; acts of war or terrorism or geopolitical instability; disruption of credit and equity markets; ability to manage current levels of impaired assets; loss of certain key officers; ability to maintain the value and image of the Company's brand and protect the Company's intellectual property rights; continued relationships with major customers; and, potential impacts to the Company from continually evolving cybersecurity and other technological risks and attacks, including additional costs, reputational damage, regulatory penalties, and financial losses. Management considers subsequent events occurring after the balance sheet date for matters which may require adjustments to, or disclosure in, the consolidated financial statements. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. They only reflect Management's analysis as of this date. The Company does not revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or changed circumstances. Please carefully review the risk factors described in other documents the Company files from time to time with the SEC, including the Annual Reports 

 46 

on Form 10-K and the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Please also carefully review any Current Reports on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES The Company has chosen accounting policies that it believes are appropriate to accurately and fairly report its operating results and financial position, and the Company applies those accounting policies in a consistent manner. The Significant Accounting Policies are summarized in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to quarter ended September 30, 2023 First Keystone Corporation realized earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 1,507,000, an increase of 224,000 from the third quarter of 2023. The increase in net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in income from interest and fees on loans and interest and dividend income on securities. On a per share basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, net income was 0.25 versus earnings of 0.21 for the same three month period of 2023. Quarterly regular cash dividends amounted to 0.28 per share for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. NET INTEREST INCOME The major source of operating income for the Company is net interest income, defined as interest and loan fee income less interest expense. In the three months ended September 30, 2024, interest income amounted to 18,242,000, an increase of 4,005,000 or 28.1 from the three months ended September 30, 2023, while interest expense amounted to 10,088,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 2,735,000 or 37.2 from the three months ended September 30, 2023. As a result, net interest income increased 1,270,000 or 18.4 to 8,154,000 from 6,884,000 for the same period in 2023. The Company s net interest margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.42 compared to 2.23 for the same period in 2023. The increase in net interest margin was primarily a result of increased interest and fees on loans and increased income on taxable securities. PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES The provision for credit losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 718,000, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, when the provision carried a credit balance of 370,000. The increase in the provision for credit losses resulted from the Company s analysis of the current loan portfolio, including historic losses, past-due trends, current economic conditions, loan portfolio growth, and other relevant factors. The provision for credit losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 is also reflective of management s assessment of the continued credit risk associated with the uncertainty surrounding geopolitical and economic concerns. Charge-off and recovery activity in the allowance for credit losses resulted in net charge-offs of 748,000 and net recoveries of 30,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in net charge-offs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was mainly the result of 741,000 in aggregate charge-offs completed on four loans to a plastic processing company focused on non-post-consumer recycling. See Allowance for Credit Losses on page 54 for further discussion. NON-INTEREST INCOME Total non-interest income was 1,860,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 1,476,000 for the same period in 2023, an increase of 384,000, or 26.0 . 

 47 

Net securities gains (losses) increased 233,000 to 146,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net securities gains (losses) was the result of recognizing 146,000 in net gains on held equity securities in the third quarter of 2024 compared to recognizing 87,000 in net losses on held equity securities during the same period in 2023. Trust department income increased 9,000 or 3.9 to 240,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Service charges and fee income was 593,000 for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 37,000 or 6.7 from the third quarter of 2023. ATM fees and debit card income increased 18,000 or 3.2 to 574,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Bank owned life insurance income increased 15,000 or 10.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 mainly due to increased interest rates on the related policies. Net gains on sales of mortgage loans was 40,000 for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 30,000 or 300.0 as compared to the same period in 2023. The increase was due to more loans sold and at a higher average gain in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023. Other non-interest income increased 42,000 or 79.2 to 95,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to higher retail investment income as a result of more income from annuities. NON-INTEREST EXPENSE Total non-interest expense was 7,820,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 7,420,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Salaries and benefits amounted to 4,375,000 or 55.9 of total non-interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 4,020,000 or 54.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was mainly due to increased salaries in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023 in an effort to offer more competitive wages in our various markets, increase retention and support the Company s growth, plus increased costs associated with employee health insurance. Net occupancy, furniture and equipment, and computer expense amounted to 1,048,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 54,000 or 4.9 which was mainly due to decreased maintenance on software costs in the third quarter of 2024 as the result of various software systems no longer being in use in 2024 along with software implementation fees recognized in the third quarter of 2023. Professional services increased 10,000 or 3.0 to 346,000 as of the quarter ended September 30, 2024 versus the same quarter of 2023. Pennsylvania shares tax expense amounted to 314,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 125,000 or 66.1 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was mainly due to the Company recording a true-up for Pennsylvania shares tax expense for the 2023 shares tax return in the third quarter of 2024 which resulted in 70,000 net expense, as compared to receiving a shares tax refund of 52,000 for the 2022 tax return in the third quarter of 2023. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance expense amounted to 271,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 96,000 or 54.9 as compared to the same period in 2023. FDIC insurance expense varies with changes in net asset size, risk ratings, and FDIC derived assessment rates. ATM and debit card fees expense amounted to 245,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 38,000 or 13.4 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was a result of lower electronic funds transfer fees and the application of vendor credits in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Data processing expenses amounted to 232,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 544,000 for the same period of 2023, a decrease of 312,000 or 57.4 mainly due to lower internet banking expenses as the result of a new vendor relationship for online banking and the application of vendor relationship credits resulting from contract negotiations. Advertising expense amounted to 155,000 in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 3,000 or 2.0 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

 48 

Other non-interest expense amounted to 834,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 215,000 or 34.7 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was mainly the result of monthly amortization of a new low income housing partnership beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023. INCOME TAXES Income tax benefit amounted to 31,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to income tax expense of 27,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 58,000. The effective total income tax rate was (2.1) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 2.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in the effective tax rate was mainly due to more low-income housing tax credits. The Company recognized 210,000 and 58,000 of tax credits from low-income housing partnerships in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023 First Keystone Corporation realized a loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 15,490,000, a decrease of 19,269,000 from the same period in 2023. The decrease in net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to the Company recognizing a full goodwill impairment of 19,133,000 in the first quarter of 2024 as well as increases in interest paid on deposits, interest paid on long-term borrowings through the Federal Home Loan Bank, and increases in salaries and benefits expenses. On a per share basis, net losses were 2.52 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus earnings of 0.62 for the same period in 2023. Cash dividends amounted to 0.84 per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. NET INTEREST INCOME The major source of operating income for the Company is net interest income, defined as interest and loan fee income less interest expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest income amounted to 52,781,000, an increase of 11,586,000 or 28.1 from the nine months ended September 30, 2023, while interest expense amounted to 29,151,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 an increase of 9,752,000 or 50.3 from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As a result, net interest income increased 1,834,000 or 8.4 to 23,630,000 from 21,796,000 for the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to growth in commercial real estate loans and the purchase of higher yielding securities, offset by higher levels of interest paid to depositors to retain and grow deposit relationships as well as higher levels of long-term borrowings and brokered CDs leveraged for a balance sheet strategy. The Company s net interest margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.35 compared to 2.41 for same period in 2023. The decrease in net interest margin was primarily a result of increased rates paid on deposit products, repurchase agreements, and long-term borrowings. PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES The provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,492,000, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, when the provision carried a credit balance of 336,000. The increase in the provision for credit losses resulted from the Company s analysis of the current loan portfolio, including historic losses, past-due trends, current economic conditions, loan portfolio growth, and other relevant factors. The provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is also reflective of management s assessment of the continued credit risk associated with the uncertainty surrounding geopolitical and economic concerns. Charge-off and recovery activity in the allowance for credit losses resulted in net charge-offs of 760,000 and 2,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was mainly the result of 741,000 in aggregate charge-offs completed during the third quarter of 2024 on four 

 49 

loans to a plastic processing company focused on non-post-consumer recycling. See Allowance for Credit Losses on page 54 for further discussion. NON-INTEREST INCOME Total non-interest income was 4,825,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 4,467,000 for the same period in 2023, an increase of 358,000, or 8.0 . ATM fees and debit card income increased 2,000 or 0.1 to 1,656,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Service charges and fee income increased 34,000 or 2.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Gains on sales of mortgage loans increased 24,000 or 54.5 due to more loans sold and at a higher average gain on individual loans sold in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Trust department income was 738,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 an increase of 29,000 or 4.1 as compared to the same period in 2023 due to more new account openings in 2024. Net securities gains (losses) increased 164,000 or 77.4 to net losses of 48,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to net losses of 212,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to the Company recognizing 48,000 in net losses on held equity securities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to recognizing 311,000 in net losses on held equity securities and 99,000 in net gains on the sales of debt securities in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. NON-INTEREST EXPENSE Total non-interest expense was 42,631,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 22,330,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Non-interest expense increased 20,301,000 or 90.9 . Salaries and benefits amounted to 13,082,000 or 30.7 of total non-interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 12,139,000 or 54.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was mainly due to a 481,000 increase in salaries in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023 in an effort to offer more competitive wages in our various markets, increase retention and support the Company s growth, plus increased costs associated with employee health insurance which were 291,000 greater for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Net occupancy, furniture and equipment, and computer expense amounted to 3,160,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 106,000 or 3.2 . The decrease was mainly due to decreased maintenance on software costs in the first nine months of 2024 as the result of various software systems no longer being used in 2024 and software implementation fees recognized in the same period of 2023. Professional services increased 128,000 or 11.5 to 1,245,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was mainly the result of increased annual audit fees and audit expenses relating to the adoption of CECL and goodwill impairment. Pennsylvania shares tax expense amounted to 764,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 93,000 or 13.9 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was mainly due to the Company recording a true-up for Pennsylvania shares tax expense for the 2023 shares tax return in the third quarter of 2023 which resulted in 70,000 net expense, as compared to receiving a shares tax refund of 52,000 in 2023 for the 2022 tax return. FDIC insurance expense increased 148,000 or 28.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. FDIC insurance expense varies with changes in net asset size, risk ratings, and FDIC derived assessment rates. ATM and debit card fees expense amounted to 725,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 143,000 or 16.5 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was a result of lower electronic funds transfer expenses, decreased ATM fraud and the application of vendor credits in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Data processing expenses amounted to 756,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 457,000 or 37.7 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was the result of lower internet banking expenses as the result of a new vendor 

 50 

relationship for online banking and the application of vendor relationship credits in 2024 resulting from contract negotiations, along with implementation fees recognized in 2023. Advertising expense increased 42,000 or 11.1 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This increase was mainly due to the Bank marketing the new full-service Bethelehem branch, along with utilizing more television, digital and social media and billboard advertising in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the same period of 2023. The Company recognized goodwill impairment in the amount of 19,133,000 during the first nine months of 2024. This was the result of goodwill impairment testing performed due to the decrease of the Company s stock price during the first quarter of 2024 as a triggering event. The goodwill impairment has no impact on regulatory capital ratios, liquidity or the Company s cash balances. Other non-interest expense amounted to 2,667,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 520,000 or 24.2 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was mainly the result of monthly amortization of a new low income housing partnership beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023. Management of the Company believes that investors understanding of the Company s performance is enhanced by disclosing non-GAAP financial measures without the effects of the impairment as a reasonable basis for comparison of the Corporation s ongoing results of operations. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for GAAP-basis measures and results. Our non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to non-GAAP measures of other companies. The following Non-GAAP Reconciliation Schedule provides a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most closely analogous measure determined in accordance with GAAP. NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION SCHEDULE FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY (Unaudited) 

(Dollars in thousands) Nine Months Nine Months Ended Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 22,138 22,132 Total non-interest income 4,825 4,467 Total non-interest expense (42,631) (22,330) Income tax benefit (expense) 178 (490) Net (loss) income (15,490) 3,779 Adjustments Other expense: Goodwill impairment 19,133 Income tax expense (258) After tax adjustment to GAAP 18,875 Adjusted net income 3,385 3,779 INCOME TAXES Income tax benefit amounted to 178,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to income tax expense of 490,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 668,000. The effective total income tax rate was 1.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 11.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in the effective tax rate was mainly due to the goodwill impairment, as discussed in Note 14, which is nondeductible for tax purposes, offset by the tax benefit of tax-exempt income earned on securities and more low-income housing tax credits. The Company recognized 630,000 and 174,000 of tax credits from low-income housing partnerships in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 51 

FINANCIAL CONDITION SUMMARY Total assets increased to 1,438,693,000 as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 22,823,000 from year-end 2023. Total assets as of December 31, 2023 amounted to 1,415,870,000. Total debt securities available-for-sale increased 12,113,000 or 3.1 to 405,081,000 as of September 30, 2024 from December 31, 2023 mainly due to the execution of a balance sheet leverage strategy. The increase was mainly due to the purchase of several higher yielding securities in the combined amount of 61,439,000 offset by calls, maturities, and principal paydowns during 2024. Total loans increased 23,521,000 or 2.6 to 934,599,000 as of September 30, 2024 from December 31, 2023. Real estate loans, the largest segment of the Company s loan portfolio, increased by 24,720,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This was offset by a decrease in State and Political loans of 1,773,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 mainly due to a large paydown completed on a state and political loan. Total deposits increased 39,470,000 or 4.0 to 1,019,909,000 as of September 30, 2024 from December 31, 2023. The increase was mainly due to an increase in time deposits as the result of new higher rate CD promotions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 which increased the balance of retail CDs by 33,251,000 and an increase of 4,930,000 in brokered CDs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was also a 22,277,000 increase in municipal deposits, offset by a decrease of 15,994,000 in savings during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company continues to maintain and manage its asset growth. The Company s strong equity capital position provides an opportunity to further leverage its asset growth. Total borrowings decreased in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 by 5,993,000 to 269,475,000 from 275,468,000 as of December 31, 2023. Borrowings decreased mainly due to the maturity of a 20,000,000 long-term note in the third quarter of 2024 offset by higher balances of repurchase accounts which increased by 12,732,000 during the first nine months of 2024. Total stockholders equity amounted to 107,344,000 at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 14,271,000 or 11.7 from December 31, 2023 due to a decrease in retained earnings as a result of the Company recognizing goodwill impairment of 19,133,000 in the first quarter of 2024. Accumulated other comprehensive loss was 24,122,000 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 29,645,000 at December 31, 2023, an improvement of 5,523,000. SEGMENT REPORTING Currently, management measures the performance and allocates the resources of the Company as a single segment. EARNING ASSETS Earning assets are defined as those assets that produce interest income. By maintaining a healthy asset utilization rate, i.e., the volume of earning assets as a percentage of total assets, the Company maximizes income. The earning asset ratio (average interest earning assets divided by average total assets) equaled 94.4 at September 30, 2024 and 93.1 at September 30, 2023. This indicates that the management of earning assets is a priority and non-earning assets, primarily cash and due from banks, fixed assets and other assets, are maintained at minimal levels. The primary earning assets are loans and securities. Our primary earning asset, total loans, increased to 934,599,000 as of September 30, 2024, up 23,521,000 or 2.6 since year-end 2023. The loan portfolio continues to be well diversified. Non-performing assets decreased since year-end 2023, and overall asset quality has remained consistent. Total non-performing assets were 5,390,000 as of September 30, 2024, a decrease of 291,000, or 5.1 from 5,681,000 reported in non-performing assets as of December 31, 2023. Total allowance for credit losses to total non-performing assets was 142.06 as of 

 52 

September 30, 2024 and 121.90 at December 31, 2023. See the Non-Performing Assets section on page 56 for more information. In addition to loans, another primary earning asset is our overall securities portfolio, which increased in size from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 mainly due to the execution of a balance sheet leverage strategy. Debt securities available-for-sale amounted to 405,081,000 as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 12,113,000 from year-end 2023. The increase in debt securities available-for-sale is mainly due to the purchase of debt securities in the amount of 61,439,000, offset by calls and maturities of debt securities in the amount of 14,855,000 and paydowns on debt securities in the amount of 41,894,000 during the first three quarters of 2024. Interest-bearing deposits in other banks increased as of September 30, 2024, to 10,087,000 from 7,551,000 at year-end 2023 due to increased balances due from the Federal Reserve Bank and the Federal Home Loan Bank, and increased balances held at PNC for derivative margin collateral. LOANS Total loans increased to 934,599,000 as of September 30, 2024 as compared to 911,078,000 as of December 31, 2023. The table on page 22 provides data relating to the composition of the Company s loan portfolio on the dates indicated. Total loans increased by 23,521,000 or 2.6 . The Real Estate portfolio increased 24,720,000 or 3.0 from 811,493,000 at December 31, 2023 to 836,213,000 at September 30, 2024. The increase in the Real Estate portfolio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was mainly the result of an increase in utilization of existing real estate lines of credit of 11,425,000 and 73,603,000 in new loan originations, which were offset by loan payoffs of 29,443,000, along with regular principal payments and other typical fluctuations in the Real Estate portfolio. The Agricultural portfolio increased 337,000 or 50.2 from 671,000 at December 31, 2023 to 1,008,000 at September 30, 2024. The increase in the Agricultural portfolio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was mainly the result of four loans totaling 275,000 that were reclassed from the Commercial and Industrial portfolio to the Agricultural portfolio during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and an increase of 65,000 in utilization of existing agricultural lines of credit, offset with regular principal payments and other typical fluctuations in the Agricultural portfolio. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there was two new agricultural loans originated with an aggregate balance of 64,000 and one agricultural loan paid off with a balance of 46,000. The Commercial and Industrial portfolio decreased 105,000 or 0.2 from 66,909,000 at December 31, 2023 to 66,804,000 at September 30, 2024. The decrease was attributable to a decrease of 4,000,000 in utilization of existing commercial and industrial lines of credit, loan payoffs of 2,735,000, and regular principal payments and other typical amortization in the Commercial and Industrial portfolio, offset by 5,601,000 in new loan originations. The Consumer portfolio increased 342,000 or 5.9 from 5,824,000 at December 31, 2023 to 6,166,000 at September 30, 2024. The increase is mainly attributable to new loan originations of 2,246,000 and an increase of 9,000 in utilization of existing consumer lines of credit, offset by loan payoffs of 824,000 and regular principal payments. The State and Political Subdivisions portfolio decreased 1,773,000 or 6.8 from 26,181,000 at December 31, 2023 to 24,408,000 at September 30, 2024. The decrease is mainly the result of regular principal payments on state and political subdivisions loans completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which were offset by an increase of 123,000 in the balance of an existing state and political subdivision line of credit resulting from a draw of 500,000 net with a paydown of 377,000, both completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company continues to originate and sell certain long-term fixed rate residential mortgage loans, which conform to secondary market requirements, when the market pricing is favorable. The Company derives ongoing income from the servicing of mortgages sold in the secondary market. The Company continues its efforts to lend to creditworthy borrowers. Management believes that the loan portfolio is well diversified. Overall, the portfolio risk profile as measured by loan grade is considered low risk, as 911,691,000 or 97.6 of gross loans are graded Pass; 1,586,000 or 0.2 are graded Special Mention; 20,361,000 or 2.2 are graded Substandard; and 0 are graded Doubtful. The rating is intended to represent the best assessment of risk available at a given point in time, based upon a review of the borrower s financial statements, credit analysis, payment history with the 

 53 

Bank, credit history and lender knowledge of the borrower. See Note 4 Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses for risk grading tables. Overall, non-pass grades decreased 2,145,000 to 21,947,000 at September 30, 2024, as compared to 24,092,000 at December 31, 2023. Real Estate non-pass grades decreased 1,594,000 to 21,790,000 as of September 30, 2024 as compared to 23,384,000 as of December 31, 2023. Commercial and Industrial non-pass grades decreased 503,000 to 147,000 as of September 30, 2024 as compared to 650,000 as of December 31, 2023. Consumer non-pass grades decreased 48,000 to 10,000 as of September 30, 2024 as compared to 58,000 as of December 31, 2023. There were no Agricultural or State and Political Subdivision non-pass grades at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. The Company continues to internally underwrite each of its loans to comply with prescribed policies and approval levels established by its Board of Directors. Total Loans 

(Dollars in thousands) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Real Estate 836,213 811,493 Agricultural 1,008 671 Commercial and Industrial 66,804 66,909 Consumer 6,166 5,824 State and Political Subdivisions 24,408 26,181 Total Loans 934,599 911,078 ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES The allowance for credit losses constitutes the amount available to absorb losses within the loan portfolio. As of September 30, 2024, the allowance for credit losses was 7,657,000 as compared to 6,925,000 as of December 31, 2023. The allowance for credit losses is established through a provision for credit losses charged to expenses. Loans are charged against the allowance for possible credit losses when management believes that the collectability of the principal is unlikely. The risk characteristics of the loan portfolio are managed through various control processes, including credit evaluations of individual borrowers, periodic reviews, and diversification by industry. Risk is further mitigated through the application of lending procedures such as the holding of adequate collateral and the establishment of contractual guarantees. Management performs a quarterly analysis to determine the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. The methodology in determining adequacy incorporates quantitative and qualitative allocations together with a risk/loss analysis on various segments of the portfolio according to an internal loan review process. This assessment results in an allocated allowance. Management maintains its loan review and loan classification standards consistent with those of its regulatory supervisory authority. Management considers, based upon its methodology, that the allowance for credit losses is adequate to cover foreseeable future losses. However, there can be no assurance that the allowance for credit losses will be adequate to cover significant losses, if any, that might be incurred in the future. On a quarterly basis, management evaluates the qualitative factors utilized in the calculation of the Company s allowance for credit losses and various adjustments are made to these factors as deemed necessary at the time of evaluation. During the first quarter of 2024, qualitative factors related to delinquency trends were decreased by eight basis points related to loans (a) secured by first liens, (b) secured by owner-occupied, non-farm, non-residential properties, and (c) other revolving credit plans. Qualitative factors related to volume trends were increased by eight basis points related to loans secured by junior liens and decreased by eight basis points related to other revolving credit plans. Qualitative factors related to collateral values were also increased by four basis points related to commercial and industrial loans during the first quarter of 2024. During the second quarter of 2024, qualitative factors related to delinquency trends were increased by four basis points related to (a) loans secured by first liens and (b) loans secured by owner occupied, non-farm, non-residential properties, as well as increased by sixteen basis points related to (c) loans secured by other non-farm, non-residential properties. Qualitative factors related to volume trends were also decreased by four basis points related to (a) other revolving credit plans and (b) automobile 

 54 

loans during the second quarter of 2024. During the third quarter of 2024, qualitative factors related to delinquency trends were increased by 4 basis points related to (a) revolving open-end loans and (b) other revolving credit plans, and increased by 8 basis points related to (c) automobile loans. Qualitative factors related to delinquency trends were decreased by 4 basis points related to (a) loans secured by multifamily residential properties, (b) loans for agricultural production and other loans to farmers, (c) commercial and industrial loans, and (d) other consumer loans. Qualitative factors related to volume trends decreased by 4 basis points related to (a) loans secured by farmland, (b) loans secured by junior liens, (c) loans secured by owner occupied, non-farm, non-residential properties, (d) loans secured by other non-farm non-residential properties, (e) other revolving credit plans, and (f) automobile loans. The Analysis of Allowance for Credit Losses table contains an analysis of the allowance for credit losses indicating charge-offs and recoveries for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans was 0.08 and 0.00 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net charge-offs amounted to 760,000 and 2,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was mainly the result of 741,000 in aggregate charge-offs completed during the third quarter of 2024 on four loans to a plastic processing company focused on non-post-consumer recycling. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the provision for credit losses was 1,492,000, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, when the provision carried a credit balance of 336,000. The provision, net of charge-offs and recoveries, resulted in the quarter end allowance for credit losses of 7,657,000, of which 93.6 was attributed to the Real Estate component, 0.0 attributed to the Agricultural component, 4.4 attributed to the Commercial and Industrial component, 1.2 attributed to the Consumer component, and 0.8 attributed to the State and Political Subdivisions component (refer to the activity in Note 4 Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses on page 13). 

 55 

Analysis of Allowance for Credit Losses 

(Dollars in thousands) September 30, September 30, As of and for the nine months ended: 2024 2023 Balance at prior year-end 6,925 8,274 CECL adoption adjustment (1,119) Beginning balance 6,925 7,155 Charge-offs: Real Estate 237 Agricultural Commercial and Industrial 504 Consumer 42 43 State and Political Subdivisions 783 43 Recoveries: Real Estate 19 36 Agricultural Commercial and Industrial 1 2 Consumer 3 3 State and Political Subdivisions 23 41 Net charge-offs 760 2 Provision (credit) charged to operations 1,492 (336) Balance at end of period 7,657 6,817 Ratio of net charge-offs during the period to average loans outstanding during the period 0.08 - Allowance for credit losses to average loans outstanding during the period 0.84 0.79 It is the policy of management and the Company s Board of Directors to make a provision for both identified and unidentified losses inherent in its loan portfolio. A provision for credit losses is charged to operations based upon an evaluation of the potential losses in the loan portfolio. This evaluation takes into account such factors as portfolio concentrations, delinquency trends, trends of non-accrual and classified loans, economic conditions, and other relevant factors. The loan review process, which is conducted quarterly, is an integral part of the Bank s evaluation of the loan portfolio. A detailed quarterly analysis to determine the adequacy of the Company s allowance for credit losses is reviewed by the Board of Directors. With the Bank s manageable level of net charge-offs and recoveries along with the additions to the reserve from the provision out of operations, the allowance for credit losses as a percentage of year-to-date average loans amounted to 0.84 and 0.79 at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. NON-PERFORMING ASSETS The table on page 59 details the Company s non-performing assets and individually evaluated loans as of the dates indicated. Generally, a loan is classified as non-accrual and the accrual of interest on such a loan is discontinued when the contractual payment of principal or interest has become 90 days past due or management has serious doubts about further collectability of principal or interest. A loan may remain on accrual status if it is in the process of 

 56 

collection and is either guaranteed or well secured. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, unpaid interest credited to income in the current year is reversed and unpaid interest accrued in prior years is charged against current period income. Foreclosed assets held for resale represent property acquired through foreclosure, or considered to be an in-substance foreclosure. Total non-performing assets amounted to 5,390,000 as of September 30, 2024, as compared to 5,681,000 as of December 31, 2023. The economic growth for the third quarter of 2024 was higher than expected. Consumer spending remains at high levels. The inflation rate dropped to 2.5 , still above the Federal Reserve Board s desired rate of 2.0 . Business sentiment saw a slight rise as rates were lowered during the third quarter. However, there is still much consternation regarding the looming Presidential election. Many economists and influential thinkers still believe that the economy is moving forward in spite of certain forecasts and predictors. The thought of a recession, however, has lessened. Inflation is receding, although not as fast as the Federal Reserve would like. The general thought is that the Federal Reserve will cut rates two more times during the remainder of 2024 by 25 basis points and then continue the rate cuts into 2025. This will all depend on continued decline of the inflation rate, the results of the election, and the unemployment landscape. The war between Ukraine and Russia continues to deeply pierce the landscape of the world. The heightened conflict with Israel and Palestine has caused much hostility throughout the world and is becoming increasingly more volatile. This has only fueled the college campuses and centers of influence throughout the US with protests that have become heated and violent. The continuing dispute over whether to continue US support of Ukraine and Israel in ongoing efforts has been a strain on the economy. Values of new and used homes and automobiles have remained high. Although, there would seem to be a dynamic shift in the automobile industry where inventories are increasing and sales are slowing, this may lead to a reduced profit margin. Higher interest rates have added to the curtailed borrowing. Consumer savings is dwindling, and credit balances are growing. Supply chains are back up and running efficiently in many areas. Labor continues to remain costly and unpredictable. The pending Presidential election has proven to be very divisive. These forces have had a direct effect on the Corporation s non-performing assets. The Corporation is closely monitoring all segments of its loan portfolio because of the current uncertain economic environment. Non-accrual loans totaled 3,559,000 as of September 30, 2024, as compared to 4,616,000 as of December 31, 2023. There were no foreclosed assets held for resale as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. There were seven loans past-due 90 days or more and still accruing interest at September 30, 2024 that carried a balance of 1,831,000, compared to December 31, 2023 when there were five loans past-due 90 days or more and still accruing interest which carried an aggregate balance of 1,065,000. The loans past-due 90 days or more and still accruing interest as of September 30, 2024 were secured by commercial and residential real estate, all of which were well secured and in the process of collection. Non-performing assets to total loans was 0.58 at September 30, 2024 and 0.62 at December 31, 2023. Non-performing assets to total assets was 0.37 at September 30, 2024 and 0.40 at December 31, 2023. The allowance for credit losses to total non-performing assets was 142.06 as of September 30, 2024 as compared to 121.90 as of December 31, 2023. Additional detail can be found on page 59 in the Non-Performing Assets and Individually Evaluated Loans table and page 31 in the Non-Performing Assets table. Asset quality is a priority and the Company retains a full-time loan review officer to closely track and monitor overall loan quality, along with a full-time loan workout department to manage collection and liquidation efforts and engages an annual external loan review. Performing substandard loans, which have not been designated for individual evaluation to determine expected credit losses, have characteristics that cause management to have doubts regarding the ability of the borrower to perform under present loan repayment terms and which may result in reporting these loans as non-performing loans in the future. Performing substandard loans not designated for individual impairment amounted to 16,416,000 at September 30, 2024 and 19,418,000 at December 31, 2023. Individually evaluated loans were 3,868,000 at September 30, 2024, compared to 4,925,000 at December 31, 2023. The largest individually evaluated loan relationship at September 30, 2024 consisted of a non-performing loan to a student housing holding company which is secured by commercial real estate. At September 30, 2024, the loan carried a balance of 1,953,000, net of 1,989,000 that had been charged off to date. The second largest individually evaluated loan relationship at September 30, 2024 consisted of a non-performing loan to the owner of a golf course and catering venue which is secured by commercial real estate. At September 30, 2024, the loan carried a balance of 582,000. The 

 57 

third largest individually evaluated loan relationship at September 30, 2024 consisted of a commercial term loan for agriculture purpose which is secured by stock. At September 30, 2024, the loan carried a balance of 309,000. The Company determines the need for individual evaluation of loans based on its analysis of the cash flows or collateral estimated at fair value less cost to sell. For collateral dependent loans, the estimated appraisal or other qualitative adjustments and cost to sell percentages are determined based on the market area in which the real estate securing the loan is located, among other factors, and therefore, can differ from one loan to another. Of the 3,868,000 in individually evaluated loans at September 30, 2024, none were located outside of the Company s primary market area. The outstanding recorded investment of modified loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty as of September 30, 2024 amounted to 9,547,000 and was classified in the Real Estate portfolio. There were no loan modifications completed with respect to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the year ended December 31, 2023. The loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty as of September 30, 2024 consisted of a payment modification which allowed a period of interest-only payments of six months and term modification which allowed the extension of the maturity date of a loan by ten months. There were no unfunded commitments on modified loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty and all modified loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty were in compliance with restructure terms as of September 30, 2024. Of the modifications of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that were completed during the twelve months preceding September 30, 2024, a loan carrying a post modification recorded investment of 9,455,000 experienced a payment default during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, but the loan was paid current by the customer as of September 30, 2024. The Company s non-accrual loan valuation procedure for any loans greater than 250,000 requires an appraisal to be obtained and reviewed annually at year end, unless the Board of Directors waives such requirement for a specific loan, in favor of obtaining a Certificate of Inspection instead, defined as an internal evaluation completed by the Company. A quarterly collateral evaluation is performed which may include a site visit, property pictures and discussions with realtors and other similar business professionals to ascertain current values. For non-accrual loans less than 250,000 upon classification and typically at year end, the Company completes a Certificate of Inspection, which includes the results of an onsite inspection, and may consider value indicators such as insured values, tax assessed values, recent sales comparisons and a review of the previous evaluations. Improving loan quality is a priority. The Company actively works with borrowers to resolve credit problems and will continue its close monitoring efforts in 2024. Excluding the assets disclosed in the Non-Performing Assets and Individually Evaluated Loans table below, management is not aware of any information about borrowers possible credit problems which cause serious doubt as to their ability to comply with present loan repayment terms. In addition, regulatory authorities, as an integral part of their examinations, periodically review the allowance for possible loan losses. They may require additions to allowances based upon their judgments about information available to them at the time of examination. The economic climate remains unstable. The war between Ukraine and Russia moves into its third year and the Israeli conflict in the Gaza strip has intensified and incited worldwide hostilities. Inflationary pressures remain elevated; although they are moving closer to the Federal Reserve s bench mark rate. This continues to create much debate and concern regarding the appropriate steps to be taken to overcome the effects of monetary policy adjustments that have been and will be made to affect the change. The looming Presidential election and the legal issues that permeate the leading Presidential candidates, along with the intense political turmoil, commodity prices have remained high even as inflationary pressures have eased, gas prices fluctuating widely from week to week, small businesses closing, larger corporations cutting jobs, unprecedented weather conditions seen around the world, and the uncertainty of where the Federal Reserve may go from here in regards of rate reductions or increases have all exacerbated the difficulties in the national and state economy. Experts at all levels continue to ascertain the intermediate or long term effects of such issues. The Corporation may experience difficulties collecting payments on time from its borrowers, and certain types of loans may need to be modified, which could cause a rise in the level of individually evaluated loans, non-performing 

 58 

assets, charge-offs, and delinquencies. Should such metrics increase, additions to the balance of the Corporation s allowance for credit losses could be required. The extent of the impact of these stressors on the Corporation s operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments including reactions to inflationary controls enacted, the labor force, the longevity of the wars, the ongoing political landscape and Presidential election, and the looming worldwide discord, and any after-effects of these factors. These factors may not immediately impact the Corporation s operational and financial performance, as the effects of these factors may lag into the future. The Corporation is also susceptible to the impact of economic and fiscal policy factors that may evolve in the current economic environment. A concentration of credit exists when the total amount of loans to borrowers, who are engaged in similar activities that are similarly impacted by economic or other conditions, exceed 10 of total loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, management is of the opinion that there were no loan concentrations exceeding 10 of total loans. Non-Performing Assets and Individually Evaluated Loans 

(Dollars in thousands) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Non-performing assets Non-accrual loans 3,559 4,616 Foreclosed assets held for resale Loans past-due 90 days or more and still accruing interest 1,831 1,065 Total non-performing assets 5,390 5,681 Individually evaluated loans Non-accrual loans 3,559 4,616 Other Individually Evaluated loans 309 309 Total individually evaluated loans 3,868 4,925 Allocated allowance for credit losses Net investment in individually evaluated loans 3,868 4,925 Individually evaluated loans with a valuation allowance Individually evaluated loans without a valuation allowance 3,868 4,925 Total individually evaluated loans 3,868 4,925 Allocated valuation allowance as a percent of individually evaluated loans Individually evaluated loans to total loans 0.41 0.54 Non-performing assets to total loans 0.58 0.62 Non-performing assets to total assets 0.37 0.40 Allowance for credit losses to individually evaluated loans 197.96 140.61 Allowance for credit losses to total non-performing assets 142.06 121.90 Real estate mortgages comprise 89.5 of the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2024, as compared to 89.1 as of December 31, 2023. Real estate mortgages consist of both loans secured by residential and commercial real estate. The real estate loan portfolio is well diversified in terms of borrowers, collateral, interest rates, and maturities. Also, the residential component of the real estate loan portfolio is largely comprised of fixed rate mortgages. The real estate loans are concentrated primarily in the Company s market area and are subject to risks associated with the local economy. The loans secured by commercial real estate typically reprice approximately every three to five years and are also concentrated in the Company s market area. The Company s loss exposure on its individually evaluated loans continues to be mitigated by collateral positions on these loans. The allocated allowance for credit losses associated with individually evaluated loans is generally computed based upon the related collateral value of the loans. The collateral values are determined by recent appraisals or Certificates of Inspection, but are generally discounted by management based on historical dispositions, changes in market conditions since the last valuation and management s expertise and knowledge of the borrower and the borrower s business. 

 59 

DEPOSITS, OTHER BORROWED FUNDS AND SUBORDINATED DEBT Consumer and commercial retail deposits are attracted primarily by the Bank s nineteen full service office locations and through its internet banking presence. The Bank offers a broad selection of deposit products and continually evaluates its interest rates and fees on deposit products. The Bank regularly reviews competing financial institutions interest rates, especially when establishing interest rates on certificates of deposit and municipal deposits. Total deposits increased 39,470,000 to 1,019,909,000 as of September 30, 2024 as non-interest bearing deposits increased by 13,468,000 and interest bearing deposits increased by 26,002,000 from year-end 2023. The increase in deposits was mainly the result of an increase in time deposits of 33,251,000 as the result of new higher rate CD promotions during the first nine months of the year and an increase of 4,930,000 in brokered CDs, along with a 22,277,000 increase in municipal deposits. This was offset by a decrease in savings of 15,994,000 during the first nine months of 2024. Total short-term and long-term borrowings decreased to 269,475,000 as of September 30, 2024, from 275,468,000 at year-end 2023, a decrease of 5,993,000 or 2.2 . Total borrowings decreased as a result of increased deposit balances since year-end. On December 10, 2020, the Corporation issued 25,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Subordinated Notes due December 31, 2030 (the 2020 Notes ). The 2020 Notes are intended to be treated as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes. The 2020 Notes bear a fixed interest rate of 4.375 per year for the first five years and then float based on a benchmark rate (as defined). CAPITAL STRENGTH Normal increases in capital are generated by net income, less dividends paid out. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net loss and continued payment of dividends decreased capital by 20,659,000. Accumulated other comprehensive loss derived from net unrealized gains on debt securities available-for-sale and interest rate derivatives also impacts capital. At December 31, 2023 accumulated other comprehensive loss was 29,645,000. Accumulated other comprehensive loss stood at 24,122,000 at September 30, 2024, an improvement of 5,523,000. Fluctuations in interest rates have regularly impacted the gain/loss position in the Bank s securities portfolio, as well as its decision to sell securities at a gain or loss. The fluctuations from net unrealized gains on debt securities available-for-sale and derivatives do not affect regulatory capital, as the Bank elected to opt-out of the inclusion of this item with the filing of the March 31, 2015 Call Report. The Company held 231,611 shares of common stock as treasury stock at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. This had an effect of reducing our total stockholders equity by 5,709,000 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Total stockholders equity was 107,344,000 as of September 30, 2024, and 121,615,000 as of December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024 the Bank met the definition of a well-capitalized institution under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action and the minimum capital requirements under Basel III. The following table presents the Bank s capital ratios as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

Minimum Capital September 30, December 31, Adequacy with 2024 2023 Capital Buffer Tier 1 leverage ratio (to average assets) 10.26 10.38 4.00 Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio (to risk-weighted assets) 14.81 14.94 7.00 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio (to risk-weighted assets) 14.81 14.94 8.50 Total risk-based capital ratio 15.59 15.68 10.50 

 60 

Under the final capital rules that became effective on January 1, 2015, there was a requirement for a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets which is in addition to the other minimum risk-based capital standards in the rule. Institutions that do not maintain this required capital buffer will become subject to progressively more stringent limitations on the percentage of earnings that can be paid out in dividends or used for stock repurchases and on the payment of discretionary bonuses to senior executive management. The capital buffer requirement was phased in over three years beginning in 2016. The capital buffer requirement effectively raises the minimum required common equity Tier 1 capital ratio to 7.0 , the Tier 1 capital ratio to 8.5 , and the total capital ratio to 10.5 on a fully phased-in basis as of January 1, 2019. As of September 30, 2024, the Bank meets all capital adequacy requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules on a fully phased-in basis. The Corporation s capital ratios are not materially different than those of the Bank. LIQUIDITY The Company s objective is to maintain adequate liquidity to meet funding needs at a reasonable cost and provide contingency plans to meet unanticipated funding needs or a loss of funding sources, while minimizing interest rate risk. Adequate liquidity is needed to provide the funding requirements of depositors withdrawals, loan growth, and other operational needs. Sources of liquidity are as follows: Growth in the core deposit base; Proceeds from sales or maturities of securities; Payments received on loans and mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities; Correspondent bank borrowings on various overnight credit lines, notes, etc., with various levels of capacity; Securities sold under agreements to repurchase; and Brokered CDs. 
 At September 30, 2024 the Company had 517,200,000 in maximum borrowing capacity at FHLB (inclusive of the outstanding balances of FHLB long-term notes, FHLB short-term borrowings, and irrevocable standby letters of credit issued by FHLB); the maximum borrowing capacity at ACBB was 15,000,000 and the maximum borrowing capacity of the Federal Discount Window was 17,964,000. The Company enters into Repurchase Agreements in which it agrees to sell securities subject to an obligation to repurchase the same or similar securities. Because the agreement both entitles and obligates the Company to repurchase the assets, the Company may transfer legal control of the securities while still retaining effective control. As a result, the repurchase agreements are accounted for as collateralized financing agreements (secured borrowings) and act as an additional source of liquidity. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase were 32,440,000 at September 30, 2024. Asset liquidity is provided by securities maturing in one year or less, other short-term investments, federal funds sold, and cash and due from banks. The liquidity is augmented by repayment of loans and cash flows from mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. Liability liquidity is accomplished primarily by maintaining a core deposit base, acquired by attracting new deposits and retaining maturing deposits. Also, short-term borrowings provide funds to meet liquidity needs. Net cash flows provided by operating activities were 7,429,000 and 2,812,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Net loss amounted to 15,490,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 3,779,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The goodwill impairment recorded during the first quarter of 2024 was a non-cash charge and amounted to 19,133,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024; therefore, had no effect on liquidity. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, there was no goodwill impairment. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, net premium amortization on securities amounted to 276,000 and 1,196,000, respectively. Net gains on sales of mortgage loans amounted to 

 61 

68,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 44,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Originations of mortgage loans originated for resale exceeded proceeds (net of gains/losses) from sales of mortgage loans originated for resale by 146,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 when proceeds (net of gains/losses) from sales of mortgage loans originated for resale exceeded originations of mortgage loans originated for resale by 114,000. Net securities losses amounted to 48,000 and 212,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Accrued interest receivable increased by 58,000 and 224,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Accrued interest payable decreased by 233,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and increased by 1,097,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Amortization of investment in real estate ventures amounted to 614,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 158,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other assets increased 277,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to an increase of 0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other liabilities increased 1,079,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a decrease of 4,848,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Investing activities used cash of 30,071,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and provided cash of 7,007,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net activity in the available-for-sale securities portfolio (including proceeds from sale, maturities, and redemptions, net against purchases) used cash of 4,690,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and provided cash of 33,337,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Changes in restricted investment in bank stocks provided cash of 120,000 and 119,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net cash used to originate loans amounted to 24,067,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 22,641,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Purchases of premises and equipment used cash of 1,424,000 and 1,442,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Purchase of investment in real estate ventures used cash of 10,000 and 2,366,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Financing activities provided cash of 29,653,000 and used cash of 7,920,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Deposits increased by 39,470,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and decreased by 1,196,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Short-term borrowings increased by 14,007,000 and 1,358,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Repayment of long-term borrowings used cash of 20,000,000 and 3,000,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Dividends paid amounted to 3,824,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5,075,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Managing liquidity remains an important segment of asset/liability management. The overall liquidity position of the Company is maintained by an active asset/liability management committee. The Company believes that its core deposit base is stable even in periods of changing interest rates. Liquidity and funds management are governed by policies and are measured on a monthly basis. These measurements indicate that liquidity generally remains stable and exceeds the Company s minimum defined levels of adequacy. Other than the trends of continued competitive pressures and volatile interest rates, there are no known demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in, or that are reasonably likely to result in, liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way. Given our financial strength, we expect to be able to maintain adequate liquidity as we manage through the current environment, utilizing current funding options and possibly utilizing new options. MARKET RISK Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments due to changes in interest rates, exchange rates and equity prices. The Company s market risk is composed primarily of interest rate risk. The Company s interest rate risk results from timing differences in the repricing of assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet instruments, and changes in relationships between rate indices and the potential exercise of explicit or embedded options. Increases in the level of interest rates also may adversely affect the fair value of the Company s securities and other earning assets. Generally, the fair value of fixed-rate instruments fluctuates inversely with changes in interest rates. As a result, increases in interest rates could result in further decreases in the fair value of the Company s interest-earning 

 62 

assets, which could adversely affect the Company s results of operations if sold, or, in the case of interest-earning assets classified as available-for-sale, the Company s stockholders equity, if retained. Under FASB ASC 320-10, Investments Debt Securities , changes in the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, on debt securities classified as available-for-sale are reflected in the Company s stockholders equity. The Company does not own any trading assets. Asset/Liability Management The principal objective of asset/liability management is to manage the sensitivity of the net interest margin to potential movements in interest rates and to enhance profitability through returns from managed levels of interest rate risk. The Company actively manages the interest rate sensitivity of its assets and liabilities. Several techniques are used for measuring interest rate sensitivity. Interest rate risk arises from the mismatches in the repricing of rates on assets and liabilities within a given time period, referred to as a rate sensitivity gap. If more assets than liabilities mature or reprice within the time frame, the Company is asset sensitive. This position would contribute positively to net interest income in a rising rate environment. Conversely, if more liabilities mature or reprice, the Company is liability sensitive. This position would contribute positively to net interest income in a falling rate environment. The Company s cumulative gap at one year indicates the Company is liability sensitive at September 30, 2024. Earnings at Risk The Bank s Asset/Liability Committee ALCO is responsible for reviewing the interest rate sensitivity position and establishing policies to monitor and limit exposure to interest rate risk. The guidelines established by ALCO are reviewed by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company recognizes that more sophisticated tools exist for measuring the interest rate risk in the balance sheet beyond interest rate sensitivity gap. Although the Company continues to measure its interest rate sensitivity gap, the Company utilizes additional modeling for interest rate risk in the overall balance sheet. Earnings at risk and economic values at risk are analyzed. Earnings simulation modeling addresses earnings at risk and net present value estimation addresses economic value at risk. While each of these interest rate risk measurements has limitations, taken together they represent a reasonably comprehensive view of the magnitude of interest rate risk to the Company. Earnings Simulation Modeling The Company s net income is affected by changes in the level of interest rates. Net income is also subject to changes in the shape of the yield curve. For example, a flattening of the yield curve would result in a decline in earnings due to the compression of earning asset yields and increased liability rates, while a steepening would result in increased earnings as earning asset and interest-bearing liability yields widen. Earnings simulation modeling is the primary mechanism used in assessing the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income. The model reflects management s assumptions related to asset yields and rates paid on liabilities, deposit sensitivity, size and composition of the balance sheet. The assumptions are based on what management believes at that time to be the most likely interest rate environment. Earnings at risk is the change in net interest income from a base case scenario under various scenarios of rate shock increases and decreases in the interest rate earnings simulation model. The table below presents an analysis of the changes in net interest income and net present value of the balance sheet resulting from various increases or decreases in the level of interest rates, such as two percentage points (200 basis points) in the level of interest rates. The calculated estimates of change in net interest income and net present value of the balance sheet are compared to current limits approved by ALCO and the Board of Directors. The earnings simulation model projects net interest income would decrease 6.77 , 11.11 , and 15.22 in the 100, 200 and 300 basis point increasing rate scenarios presented. In addition, the earnings simulation model projects net interest income would increase 4.24 , 6.90 , and 7.46 in the 100, 200 and 300 basis point decreasing rate scenarios presented. All of the forecasts in the increasing and decreasing rate scenarios presented are within the Company s policy guidelines. 

 63 

The analysis and model used to quantify the sensitivity of net interest income becomes less reliable in a decreasing rate scenario given the current interest rate environment with federal funds trading in the 475-500 basis point range and many deposit accounts still lagging at markedly lower rates. Results of the decreasing basis point declining scenarios are affected by the fact that many of the Company s interest-bearing liabilities are at rates below 1 and therefore likely may not decline 100 or more basis points. However, the Company s interest-sensitive assets are able to decline by these amounts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the cost of interest-bearing liabilities averaged 3.55 , and the yield on interest-earning assets, on a fully taxable equivalent basis, averaged 5.25 . Net Present Value Estimation The net present value measures economic value at risk and is used for helping to determine levels of risk at a point in time present in the balance sheet that might not be taken into account in the earnings simulation model. The net present value of the balance sheet is defined as the discounted present value of asset cash flows minus the discounted present value of liability cash flows. At September 30, 2024, net present value is projected to decrease 3.66 , 7.48 , and 12.98 in the 100, 200, and 300 basis point immediate increase scenarios, respectively. Additionally, the 100, 200 and 300 basis point immediate decreases in rates are estimated to affect net present value with decreases of 4.12 , 12.14 , and 28.09 . All scenarios presented are within the Company s policy limits. The computation of the effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on many assumptions. They should not be relied upon solely as being indicative of actual results, since the computations do not account for actions management could undertake in response to changes in interest rates. Effect of Change in Interest Rates 

Projected Change Effect on Net Interest Income 1-Year Net Interest Income Simulation Projection +300 bp Shock vs. Stable Rate (15.22) +200 bp Shock vs. Stable Rate (11.11) +100 bp Shock vs. Stable Rate (6.77) Flat rate 100 bp Shock vs. Stable Rate 4.24 200 bp Shock vs. Stable Rate 6.90 300 bp Shock vs. Stable Rate 7.46 Effect on Net Present Value of Balance Sheet Static Net Present Value Change +300 bp Shock vs. Stable Rate (12.98) +200 bp Shock vs. Stable Rate (7.48) +100 bp Shock vs. Stable Rate (3.66) Flat rate 100 bp Shock vs. Stable Rate (4.12) 200 bp Shock vs. Stable Rate (12.14) 300 bp Shock vs. Stable Rate (28.09) Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Information with respect to quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk is included in the information under Management s Discussion and Analysis in Item 2. Item 4. Controls and Procedures a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. First Keystone Corporation maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company 

 64 

files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based upon their evaluation of those disclosure controls and procedures performed as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There were no other changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings Although the Company is subject to various claims and legal actions that occur from time to time in the ordinary course of business, the Company is not party to any pending legal proceedings that management believes could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. In addition, no material preceedings are pending or are known to be threatened or contemplated against the Company and the Bank by government authorities or others. Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1 - July 31, 2024 120,000 August 1 - August 31, 2024 120,000 September 1 - September 30, 2024 120,000 Total 120,000 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Corporation or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

 65 

Item 6. Exhibits (a) Exhibits required by Item 601 Regulation S-K 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Incorporation, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K dated August 28, 2018). 3.2 By-Laws, as amended and restated (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2021). 10.1(a) Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan J. Gerald Bazewicz (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013). 10.1(b) Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan David R. Saracino (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013). 10.1(d) Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan Elaine Woodland (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013). 10.2 Management Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018). 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Formatted as Inline XBRL and Contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Denotes a compensatory plan. Filed herewith. The Company will provide a copy of any exhibit upon receipt of a written request for the particular exhibit or exhibits desired. All requests should be addressed to the Company s principal executive offices. 

 66 

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly cause this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION Registrant November 8, 2024 /s/ Elaine A. Woodland Elaine A. Woodland President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 8, 2024 /s/ Diane C.A. Rosler Diane C.A. Rosler Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

 67 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fkys-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION CERTIFICATION I, Elaine A. Woodland, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, of First Keystone Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Elaine A. Woodland Elaine A. Woodland President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: November 8, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 fkys-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 FIRST KEYSTONE CORPORATION CERTIFICATION I, Diane C.A. Rosler, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, of First Keystone Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. /s/ Diane C.A. Rosler Diane C.A. Rosler Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: November 8, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 fkys-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Keystone Corporation (the Corporation for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Elaine A. Woodland, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

/s/ Elaine A. Woodland Elaine A. Woodland President and Chief Executive Officer 
 November 8, 2024 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the report or as a separate disclosure document. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to First Keystone Corporation and will be retained by First Keystone Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 fkys-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Keystone Corporation (the Corporation for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Diane C.A. Rosler, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

/s/ Diane C.A. Rosler Diane C.A. Rosler Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 November 8, 2024 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the report or as a separate disclosure document. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to First Keystone Corporation and will be retained by First Keystone Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fkys-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fkys-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fkys-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fkys-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

