<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1832483_0001832483-24-000029.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6128509</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97565</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1196062</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1734147</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1650041</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1370001</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001832483-24-000029.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107161606
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001832483-24-000029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Serve Robotics Inc. /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001832483
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS TRANSPORTATION EQUIPMENT [3790]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				853844872
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42023
		FILM NUMBER:		241435997

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		730 BROADWAY
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-860-1352

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		730 BROADWAY
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Patricia Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001832483-24-000029.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 serv-20240930.htm
 10-Q

serv-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 F ORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________ to __________ 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered The Capital Market 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes o No 
 As of November 5, 2024, the registrant had shares of its common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 SERVE ROBOTICS INC. 
 INDEX TO FORM 10-Q 
 Page # PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 4 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 30 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 31 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 31 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 31 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 29 
 Signatures 
 34 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends impacting the financial condition of our business. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are made and/or management s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, could, would, expect, intend, seek, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, project, predict, potential, might, forecast, continue, or the negative of those terms, and similar expressions and comparable terminology intended to reference future periods. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property protection and the scope and duration of such protection; 
 our reliance on third parties, including suppliers, delivery platforms, brand sponsors, software providers and service providers; 
 our ability to operate in public spaces and any errors caused by human supervisors, network connectivity or automation; 
 our robots reliance on sophisticated software technology that incorporates third-party components and networks to operate, and our ability to maintain licenses for this software technology; 
 our ability to commercialize our products at a large scale; 
 the competitive industry in which we operate which is subject to rapid technological change; 
 our ability to raise additional capital to develop our technology and scale our operations; 
 developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry; 
 our ability to adequately control the costs associated with our operations; 
 the impact of current and future laws and regulations, especially those related to personal delivery devices; 
 potential cybersecurity risks to our operational systems, infrastructure and integrated software by us or third-party vendors; 
 the development of a market for our common stock; 
 the Company s ability to continue as a going concern; and 
 other risks and uncertainties, including those listed in this Quarterly Report under the caption Risk Factors . 
 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. 
 Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Accordingly, the forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements will occur or that our objectives and plans will be achieved, and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Serve Robotics Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 (unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses Escrow Receivable Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right of use asset Security Deposits Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Note payable, current Note payable - related party Right of use liability, current portion Lease liability, current portion Total current liabilities Note payable, net of current portion Restricted stock award liability Right of use liability Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) par value, shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Additional paid-in capital Subscription receivable ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Serve Robotics Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Cost of revenues Gross profit (loss) ) ) ) Operating expenses: General and administrative Operations Research and development Sales and marketing Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net: Interest income (expense), net ) ) ) Change in fair value of derivative liability ) ) ) Change in fair value of simple agreements for future equity ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) ) Provision for income taxes Net loss ) ) ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Serve Robotics Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (unaudited) 
 Series Seed Preferred Stock Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock Series Seed-2 Preferred Stock Series Seed-3 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Subscription Receivable Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Vested restricted stock purchased with recourse notes - - - - - - - - - ) - Restricted stock awards repurchased - - - - - - - - ) ) - - ) Stock-based compensation - - - - - - - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - - - - - - - ) ) Balances at March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Vested restricted stock purchased with recourse notes - - - - - - - - - ) - Restricted stock awards repurchased - - - - - - - - ) ) - - Stock-based compensation - - - - - - - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - - - - - - - ) ) Balances at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to Merger - - - - - - - - - - Conversion of convertible note and derivative into common stock in connection with Merger - - - - - - - - - - Conversion of SAFEs into common stock in connection with Merger - - - - - - - - - - Conversion of preferred stock into common stock in connection with Merger ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) - - - Predecessor shares converted into common stock upon the Merger - - - - - - - - ) - - Vested Restricted stock purchased with recourse notes - - - - - - - - - ) - Warrants issued with convertible note - - - - - - - - - - - - Stock-based compensation - - - - - - - - - - - - Offering Costs - - - - - - - - - - ) - - ) Net Loss - - - - - - - - - - - - ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 ) ) 

Serve Robotics Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 (unaudited) 
 Series Seed Preferred Stock Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock Series Seed-2 Preferred Stock Series Seed-3 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Subscription Receivable Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2023 - - - - - - - - ) ) ) Exercise of warrants - - - - - - - - - - Interest on recourse loan - - - - - - - - - - - - Stock-based compensation - - - - - - - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - - - - - - - ) ) Balances at March 31, 2024 - - - - - - - - ) ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to offering - - - - - - - - - - Offering costs - - - - - - - - - - ) - - ) Conversion of convertible note and derivative liability into common stock - - - - - - - - - - Exercise of warrants - - - - - - - - - - Exercise of options - - - - - - - - - - Restricted Stock Awards Repurchased - - - - - - - - ) ) - - Interest and forgiveness on recourse loans - - - - - - - - - - - - Stock-based compensation - - - - - - - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - - - - - - - ) ) Balances at June 30, 2024 - - - - - - - - ) Issuance of pre-funded warrants to purchase common stock in connection with private placement, net of issuance costs - - - - - - - - - - Exercise of warrants - - - - - - - - - - Exercise of options - - - - - - - - - - Vested restricted stock units 
 - - - - - - - - ) - - Restricted stock awards repurchased 
 - - - - - - - - ) - - - - - Stock-based compensation - - - - - - - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - - - - - - - ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 - - - - - - - - ) 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Serve Robotics Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation Stock-based compensation Amortization of debt discount Warrants issued with convertible note Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 Change in fair value of simple agreements for future equity Interest on recourse loan ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventory ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Escrow receivable ) Accounts payable Accrued liabilities ) Deferred revenue Right of use liabilities, net ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to public offering, net of offering costs 
 Proceeds from issuance of prefunded warrants to purchase common stock in connection with private placement, net of issuance costs 
 Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 Proceeds from convertible notes payable, net of offering costs 
 Proceeds from exercise of options 
 Proceeds from note payable Repayments of note payable ) ) Proceeds from note payable, related party Repayments of notes payable, related party ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to Merger, net of offering costs Proceeds from simple agreement for future equity Repayment of lease liability financing ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Conversion of convertible note and derivative into common stock Vested restricted stock purchased with recourse notes Derivative liability in connection with convertible note Debt discount issued as accrued liability See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Serve Robotics Inc. 
 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 shares of the Company s common stock, par value , at a public offering price of per share (the Offering ). The Company s net proceeds from the Offering, after deducting the underwriting discount and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, were approximately million. As a result of the Offering, the Company s common stock was approved for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market and commenced trading under the ticker symbol SERV beginning on April 18, 2024. See Note 7. 
 
 2. 
 shares of Patricia s common stock (the Common Share Conversion Ratio ). Accordingly, all share and per share amounts for all periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been adjusted retroactively, where applicable, to reflect the Common Share Conversion Ratio. There was no effect on the number of shares of common stock or preferred stock authorized for issuance under the Company s certificate of incorporation or the par value of such securities. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 Liquidity and Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued and contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of the uncertainty described below. 
 
 Management s plans discussed below have alleviated the substantial doubt outlined below regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the one-year period from the date that these financial statements were issued. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million in cash and cash equivalents and had a working capital deficiency. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred a net loss of million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had net cash flows used in operating activities of million. 
 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, the Company evaluated whether there are conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. While the Company s current cash flow forecast for the one-year going concern look forward period estimates that there will be sufficient capital available to fund operations, this forecast is subject to significant uncertainty, including as it relates to revenue for the next twelve months. The Company s revenue projections depend on its ability to successfully design, develop and operate low-emissions robots that serve people in public spaces, which is inherently uncertain and subject to a number of risks. 
 
 Management believes that, given the history of recurring losses, negative working capital, expected future capital expenditures, and accumulated deficit, conditions or events exist that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Concentrations 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, one customer accounted for of the Company s revenue and accounted for of the Company s accounts receivable. In the same period in 2023, a different customer accounted for of the Company s revenue. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 See Note 4 for fair value disclosures. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company determined there was no allowance for doubtful accounts necessary.) to five ) years for office equipment and two ) years for the Company s robot assets. Estimated useful lives are periodically assessed to determine if changes are appropriate. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost of these assets and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are eliminated from the balance sheets and any resulting gains or losses are included in the statement of operations in the period of disposal. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company did have any capitalized deferred offering costs. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 in deferred revenue pertaining to software services. 
 For delivery services, the Company satisfies its performance obligation when the delivery is complete, which is the point in time control of the delivered product transfers to the customer. 
 The Company recognizes branding fees over time as performance obligations are completed over the term of the agreement. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Delivery services Branding fees 
 There were advertising expenses and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, all respectively. There were advertising expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Preferred stock warrants Stock options Shares related to recourse and non-recourse loans Unvested restricted stock units Total potentially dilutive shares 
 11 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 probability of conversion into equity as the notes were converted into shares of common stock upon the Offering in April 2024. 
 Issuance of embedded derivative liability Change in fair value Conversion to common stock ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Upon the Offering in April 2024, all the convertible notes, including principal and accrued interest, were converted into shares of common stock. Accordingly, the related derivative liability was converted into additional paid-in capital. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Robot assets Robot build construction-in-process Total Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 6. 
 , compared to at December 31, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company made repayments of and , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amortization of debt discount was and , respectively. 
 Note Payable Related Party 
 In December 2023, the Company issued a senior secured promissory note to its Chief Executive Officer for which Serve received in proceeds. The note bore interest at per annum. The note was fully repaid on January 3, 2024. 
 Convertible Note Payable 
 At various dates in January 2024, the Company issued to certain accredited investors convertible promissory notes in an aggregate amount of , for which the Company received in net proceeds (the January Notes ). As a result, the Company incurred fees of which was recorded as a debt discount. The January Notes bore interest at a rate of per year, compounded annually, and were due and payable upon request by each investor on or after the -month anniversary of the original issuance date of each note. The Company may not prepay or repay the January Notes in cash without the consent of the investors. The January Notes were to convert upon a qualified offering into common stock at the lesser of the price paid per share multiplied by or the quotient resulting from dividing by the outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis prior to the financing (the Conversion Price ). Upon the closing of the Offering in April 2024, the January Notes, including accrued interest, were converted into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share. 
 
 The Company evaluated the terms of the conversion features of the January Notes as noted above in accordance with ASC Topic No. 815 - 40, Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Stock, and determined they are not indexed to the Company s common stock and that the conversion feature, which is akin to a redemption feature, meets the definition of a liability. The January Notes contain an indeterminate number of shares to settle with conversion options outside of the Company s control. Therefore, the Company bifurcated the conversion feature and accounted for it as a separate derivative liability. Upon issuance of the January Notes, the Company recognized a derivative liability at a fair value of , which is recorded as a debt discount and was amortized over the life of the January Notes. Upon the closing of the Offering, the derivative liability had a fair value of , which was reclassified to additional paid-in capital in connection with the conversion of the underlying the January Notes. 
 As a result of the January Notes, the Company recognized an aggregate debt discount of through September 30, 2024, amortized to interest expense. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 interest expense pertaining to the January Notes, compared to the in interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, all of which were converted into common stock in April 2024. 
 Upon the closing of the Offering in April 2024, the outstanding principal and accrued interest of the January Notes converted into shares of common stock. Accordingly, the related derivative liability was recorded into additional paid-in capital. See Note 7. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the January Notes, the Company granted the placement agent warrants to purchase (the Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants to purchase common stock equal to of the number of shares of common stock into which the January Notes sold to investors introduced by the placement agent are initially convertible. The Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants are exercisable at the same price as the Conversion Price. Upon closing of the Offering, the Company issued the Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants expire on April 17, 2029. The Convertible Promissory Notes Offering Warrants include customary anti-dilution provisions. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, of warrants exercised into shares of common stock. 
 
 7. 
 vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders. Common stockholders are not entitled to receive dividends, unless declared by the Company s board of directors. 
 Upon closing of the Merger, there were and shares of preferred and common stock, respectively, par value per share, authorized for issuance. 
 In February 2024, common stock warrants were exercised for proceeds of . 
 
 In April 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for gross proceeds of , or per share, pursuant to the Offering. In connection with the Offering, the Company incurred in offering costs. In connection with the Offering, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock (the Representative s Warrant ). The Representative s Warrant is exercisable at a per share exercise price equal to and became exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, on October 14, 2024. The Representative s Warrant expire on April 17, 2029. 
 
 Upon closing of the Offering, the January Notes converted into shares of common stock based upon a conversion price of per share. 
 
 In April 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to cashless exercises of warrants. 
 
 In May 2024, common stock options were exercised for proceeds of . 
 On July 23, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the "July Purchase Agreement") with a certain accredited and institutional investor for a private placement offering of pre-funded warrants (the "July Pre-Funded Warrants") to purchase shares of the Company s common stock and warrants exercisable for common stock (the "July Investor Warrants"). Pursuant to the July Purchase Agreement, the Company sold July Pre-Funded Warrants with each July Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable for share of common stock, together with July Investor Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. Each July Prefunded Warrant and accompanying July Investor Warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of . The Company received net proceeds of million pursuant to the July Purchase Agreement. 
 On August 27, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the "August Purchase Agreement") with a certain accredited and institutional investor for a private placement offering of pre-funded warrants (the "August Pre-Funded Warrants") to purchase shares of the Company s common stock and warrants exercisable for shares of Common Stock (the "August Investor Warrants"). Pursuant to the August Purchase Agreement, the company sold August Prefunded Warrants exercisable for share of common stock, together with the August Investor Warrants to purchase up to shares. Each August Prefunded Warrant and accompanying August Investor Warrants were sold together at a combined offering price of . The July Investor Warrants were exercised in full for shares of common stock. In consideration for the immediate exercise in full of the existing warrants, the exercise holder received new warrants (the "August Exchange Warrants") to purchase shares of common stock with and exercise price of 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 per share. The August Exchange Warrants became exercisable immediately upon issuance and will expire five and a half years from the date of issuance. The Company received net proceeds of million pursuant to the August Purchase Agreement. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, common stock options were exercised for proceeds of . 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, an additional common stock warrants were exercised for proceeds of . 
 Restricted Common Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 
 During 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock for recourse notes totaling . The shares were issued with a corresponding note receivable, a recourse loan that was collateralized by the underlying shares. The Company planned to enforce the recourse terms for the holders. As such, in accordance with ASC 505-10-45-2, the Company recognized a subscription receivable of , inclusive of interest on the note, which is included as a contra-equity on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company recorded a corresponding restricted stock award liability of for the potential settlement if the call right for the shares of restricted common stock is exercised and unvested shares repurchased. The Company reduced the liability and increased additional paid-in capital for the value of the note associated with vested shares no longer subject to the call right. In June 2024, the Company forgave recourse loan, and due to the lack of enforcement, the remaining loans were deemed nonrecourse. Accordingly, the Company extinguished restricted stock award liability and the related subscription receivable related to loans previously classified as recourse loans. In accordance with ASC 718, these actions were deemed award modifications. The Company recognized in stock based compensation related to the incremental value of the award and an additional related to the change in classification; all of which was included in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 , there were shares of common stock issued, that are subject to the non-recourse note and deemed not outstanding. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock subject to vesting requirements, whereby the Company can repurchase unvested shares at its option upon an employee s termination. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued of restricted stock units ("RSUs") with vesting periods ranging to . As of September 30, 2024, RSUs vested and RSUs remained outstanding and will vest over approximately years. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation pertaining to vesting of restricted common stock and RSUs of and , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation pertaining to vesting of restricted common stock and RSUs of and , respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company repurchased restricted stock awards of and shares of common stock, respectively, for nominal value. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 The weighted-average remaining term of the warrants outstanding was years as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Magna Warrant 
 On February 1, 2024, Serve entered into a Master Services Agreement (the MSA with Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. Magna ), retroactively effective as of January 15, 2024. 
 In connection with the strategic partnership with Magna, on February 7, 2024, the Company issued to Magna a warrant (the Magna Warrant to purchase up to shares of its common stock (the Magna Warrant Shares ), subject to at an exercise price of per share. The Magna Warrant was issued pursuant to a production agreement executed in connection with the MSA between the parties in April 2024 whereby Magna will assist the Company in assembly of robotic delivery vehicles. 
 The Magna Warrant is exercisable in equal tranches: (i) the first tranche became exercisable on May 15, 2024; and (ii) the second tranche will become exercisable upon Magna s achievement of a certain manufacturing milestone as set forth in a production and purchase agreement to be entered into with respect to the contract manufacturing of our autonomous delivery robots by Magna or its affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Magna Warrant Shares will vest and become exercisable upon any change of control (as defined in the Magna Warrant). 
 , which was valued using the Black-Scholes pricing model using the range of inputs as indicated below: 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 The Company recognized and in stock-based compensation expense pertaining to these warrants during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, based on the vesting conditions noted above and the Company s estimations of when the services will be completed. The Company recorded the expense to research and development expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 shares. 
 In October 2024, the 2023 Plan was amended, and the number of shares authorized under the 2023 Plan was increased by additional shares. 
 Serve Robotics 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 The Company has adopted the Serve Robotics 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), as amended and restated, which provides for the grant of shares of stock options and SARs and restricted common shares to employees, non-employee directors, and non-employee consultants. The number of shares authorized by the 2021 Plan was shares as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares available for grant under the 2021 Plan. Stock options granted under the 2021 Plan typically vest over a year period, with a cliff as well as via specified milestones. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 Exercisable and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 
 As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average duration to expiration of outstanding options was years. 
 Stock-based compensation expense for stock options of and was recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense for stock options of and was recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards amounted to approximately as of September 30, 2024, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Operations Research and development Sales and marketing 

9. 
 ) Operating lease Operations Operating lease Research and development Total lease costs 
 Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases are as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating cash flows paid for operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted-average discount rate 
 In June 2023, the Company entered in equipment lease agreements for its robot assets for an aggregate commitment amount of approximately million. The agreements have an initial term of and will require security deposits of approximately , which is not due until initial funds are drawn. The Company has the option to purchase the assets at the end of the lease for - of the original equipment cost. As of September 30, 2024, amount has been drawn under these agreements. 
 Finance Lease Failed Sales-Leaseback 
 In November 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Farnam Capital for its robot assets. As per ASC 842-40-25-1, the transaction was considered a failed sales-leaseback and therefore the lease was accounted for as a financing agreement. The outstanding liability at September 30, 2024 was . The Company has the option to purchase the assets at the end of the lease for of the original equipment cost. 
 Commitments 
 On December 31, 2021, the Company entered into a strategic supply agreement with a manufacturer of component parts used for the Company s robot assets. The agreement originally called for the Company to make a minimum of million in purchases over a period ending December 2023. At the end of the period, the manufacturer was permitted to invoice the Company for any shortfall in orders. This agreement was extended in January 2024, pursuant to which half of the required million is to be purchased in 2024 and the other half by December 31, 2025. The Company has minimum spend agreements related to simulation software and storage services. The purchase commitments extend for a period of two to . 
 Contingencies 
 The Company may be subject to pending legal proceedings and regulatory actions in the ordinary course of business. The results of such proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, but the Company does not anticipate that the final outcome, if any, arising out of any such matters will have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 10. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of the Company should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes to those statements included in this Quarterly Report for the period ended September 30, 2024. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risk, uncertainties and assumptions. You should read the Risk Factors section of this Quarterly Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Please also see the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Overview 
 We are shaping the future of sustainable, self-driving delivery. We design, develop and operate low-emissions robots that serve people in public spaces, starting with food delivery. Starting in 2017, our core technology was developed by our co-founders and a majority of our product and engineering team in San Francisco, California as a special project within Postmates Inc. Postmates ), one of the pioneering food delivery startups in the United States. By the end of 2020, the team had developed a fleet of sidewalk robots that had successfully performed over 10,000 commercial deliveries for Postmates in California, augmenting Postmates fleet of human couriers. Postmates was acquired by Uber Technologies, Inc. Uber in 2020, and in February of 2021, Uber s leadership team agreed to contribute the intellectual property developed by the team and assets relating to this project. In return for this contribution and an investment of cash into the Company, Uber acquired a minority equity interest in our business. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Reverse Merger 
 On July 31, 2023, Patricia Acquisition Corp., Serve Acquisition Corp., a corporation formed in the State of Delaware on July 10, 2023 Acquisition Sub ), and Serve entered into a merger agreement (the "Merger Agreement"). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Acquisition Sub merged with and into Serve, with Serve continuing as the surviving corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary. As a result of the Merger, we acquired the business of Serve and will continue the existing business operations of Serve as a public reporting company under the name Serve Robotics Inc. Concurrently therewith, Serve was renamed Serve Operating Co. The Merger was treated as a recapitalization and reverse acquisition for us for financial reporting purposes and Serve is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes. As a result of the Merger and the change in our business and operations, a discussion of the past financial results of Patricia Acquisition Corp. is not pertinent, and under applicable accounting principles, the historical financial results of Serve, the accounting acquirer, prior to the Merger are considered our historical financial results. 
 Public Offering 
 On April 17, 2024, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the "Underwriting Agreement") with Aegis Capital Corp. Aegis in connection with the public offering of 10,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a public offering price of 4.00 per share (the Offering ). The Company s net proceeds from the Offering, after deducting the underwriting discount and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, were approximately 35.8 million. As a result of the Offering, the Company s common stock commenced trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol SERV . 
 Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, at the closing of the Offering on April 22, 2024, the Company issued to Aegis a warrant to purchase 500,000 shares of common stock (the Representative s Warrant ). The Representative s Warrant is exercisable at a per share exercise price equal to 5.00 and became exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, on October 14, 2024. The Representative s Warrant expires on April 17, 2029 . 
 Convertible Notes 
 At an initial closing on January 2, 2024 and at subsequent closings on January 12, 2024, January 22, 2024 and January 26, 2024, the Company issued to certain accredited investors convertible promissory notes of an aggregate amount of 5,014,500, for which the Company received 4,844,625 in net proceeds (the January Notes ). As a result, the Company incurred fees of 169,875 which was recorded as a debt discount in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. The convertible promissory notes bore interest at a rate of 6.00 per year, compounded annually, and were due 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 and payable upon request by each investor on or after the 12-month anniversary of the original issuance date of each note. The terms of the January Notes required the January Notes to be converted into shares of common stock upon a qualified offering (as defined in the January Notes) at the lesser of the price paid per share multiplied by 75 or the quotient resulting from dividing 80,000,000 by the outstanding shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis immediately prior to the qualified offering. 
 
 Upon closing of the Offering, the January Notes converted into 2,104,562 shares of common stock based upon a conversion price of 2.42 per share, and 3,542 shares of our common stock were issued upon exercise of warrants. Furthermore, the Company granted 63,479 warrants to purchase common stock to the placement agent of the January Notes at an exercise price of 2.42 per share. 
 Note Payable - Related Party 
 In December 2023, the Company issued a senior secured promissory note to its Chief Executive Officer for which Serve received 70,000 in proceeds. The note bore interest at 7.67 per annum. The note was fully repaid on January 3, 2024. 
 Magna Warrant 
 On February 1, 2024, Serve entered into a Master Services Agreement (the MSA with Magna New Mobility USA, Inc. Magna ), retroactively effective as of January 15, 2024. 
 In connection with the strategic partnership with Magna, on February 7, 2024, the Company issued to Magna a warrant (the Magna Warrant to purchase up to 2,145,000 shares of its common stock (the Magna Warrant Shares ), subject to at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. The Magna Warrant was issued pursuant to a production agreement executed in connection with the MSA between the parties in April 2024 whereby Magna will assist the Company in assembly of robotic delivery vehicles. 
 The Magna Warrant is exercisable in two equal tranches: (i) the first tranche became exercisable on May 15, 2024; and (ii) the second tranche will became exercisable upon Magna s achievement of a certain manufacturing milestone as set forth in a production and purchase agreement to be entered into with respect to the contract manufacturing of our autonomous delivery robots by Magna or its affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Magna Warrant Shares will vest and become exercisable upon any change of control (as defined in the Magna Warrant). 
 The fair value of the Magna Warrant was 8,566,184 as determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing method. 
 Outlook And Challenges Facing Our Business 
 There are a number of industry factors that affect our business which include, among others: 
 Overall Demand for Last Mile Delivery on Partner Platforms . 
 Our potential for growth depends significantly on continued demand for last-mile delivery of food and other items on our partner platforms. This demand can fluctuate based on various market cycles, weather and local community health conditions, as well as evolving competitive dynamics. Our largest stream of projected revenue comes from maximizing utilization of our robots to perform deliveries on our partner platforms. Matching algorithms on these platforms as well as the extent of their merchant and end-customer participation in robotic delivery directly impacts the utilization rate of our robots, both of which can be challenging to predict. These uncertainties make demand difficult to forecast for us and our partners. 
 Customer Concentration . 
 One customer accounted for 78 and 86 of the Company's revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, one customer accounted for 72 of the Company's revenue. In the same period in 2023, a different customer accounted for 68 of the Company s revenue. As of September 30, 2024, one customer accounted for 88 of the accounts receivable. We currently have a limited number of customers. If either of our significant customers were to breach, cancel or amend our agreements with them, it may have an outsized effect on our revenue, cash on hand and profitability. Our business development team is actively pursuing new delivery and branding customers to diversify our customer base. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Inflation and Market Considerations; Availability of Materials, Labor Services . 
 We consider most on-demand purchases as discretionary spending for consumers, and we are therefore susceptible to changes in discretionary spending patterns and economic slowdowns in the geographic areas in which merchants on our partners platforms operate, and in the economy at large. Discretionary consumer spending can be impacted by general economic conditions, unemployment, consumer debt, inflation, rising gasoline prices, interest rates, consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors. Inflation can lead to increased cost of material and labor for restaurants and merchants who may in turn raise prices on the item they sell, potentially resulting in a reduction in demand for those items. To the extent inflation reduces economic activity and consumer demand for items we deliver, it could negatively impact our financial results. Continued uncertainty in or a worsening of the economy, generally or in a number of our markets, and consumers reactions to these trends, could adversely affect our business and cause us to, among other things, reduce the number and frequency of new market openings or cease operations in existing markets. It is important to note, however, that inflation can also serve as a tailwind that would accelerate the adoption of automated robotic last mile delivery as labor becomes more expensive and drives up the cost of delivery by humans. 
 Intellectual Property . 
 We rely on patented and non-patented proprietary information relating to product development, manufacturing capabilities and other core competencies of our business. Protection of intellectual property is critical. Therefore, steps such as additional patent applications, confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, as well as other security measures, are important. While we believe we have a strong patent portfolio and there is no actual or, to our knowledge, threatened litigation against us for patent-related matters, litigation or threatened litigation is a common method to effectively enforce or protect intellectual property rights. Such action may be initiated by or against us and would require significant management time and expenses. 
 Supply Chain Constraints. 
 The global supply shortage of electrical components, including semiconductor chips and other hardware components essential to the manufacturing and maintenance of our robots, continued to impact our supply chain throughout 2024. As a result, we experienced increases in our lead times and costs for certain components to build our robots. We cannot be sure whether global supply chain shortages will impact our future robot build plans. In order to mitigate supply chain risks, we would need to incur higher costs to secure available inventory and place non-cancellable purchase commitments with our suppliers, which could introduce inventory risk if our forecasts and assumptions prove inaccurate. Higher costs of components would impact our cash runway and delays in the manufacturing of our robots would push out our revenue forecasts. 
 Governmental and Regulatory Conditions. 
 Our potential for growth depends on continued permission and acceptance by local governments and municipalities where our robots perform deliveries. Changes in regulations such as the imposition of a cap on the number of robots or technical requirements such as robot size and weight restrictions or limitations on autonomy within a certain geographic area could reduce or limit our ability to generate revenues and/or impact our unit economics in those markets. 
 Future Prospects . 
 We anticipate that we will continue to experience operating losses in 2024 and 2025 as we seek to implement our long-term strategic plan, including research and development spending, scaling our robotic fleet, expanding our sales and business development efforts, and increasing our overall headcount in order to achieve efficiencies through scaled growth. Our goal over the next two years is to scale our operating fleet and expand our geographic coverage to new markets beyond our current operating area in Los Angeles. With such an increase, we anticipate proportional increases in capital costs, overhead and operating expenses. Our ability to initially achieve profitability is dependent upon numerous factors, including the development of revenues, general business and economic conditions, and other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the caption Risk Factors elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Our revenue currently consists of (1) delivery revenues, (2) branding revenues and (3) software services revenues. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of allocations of depreciation on robot assets used for revenue producing activities, personnel time related to revenue activities and costs related to data, software and similar costs that allow the robots to function as intended and for the Company to communicate with its robots while in service. 
 Operations . Operations expenses primarily consist of costs for field operations personnel. 
 Research and Development . Costs incurred in the research and development of the Company s products are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs include product design, hardware and software costs. 
 Sales and Marketing . Sales and marketing expenses include personnel costs and public relations expenses. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and included in sales and marketing expenses. 
 General and Administrative . General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses for executive management and administrative functions, including finance and accounting, legal and human resources, as well as general corporate expenses and general insurance. General and administrative expenses also include depreciation on property and equipment as well as amortization of right of use assets. These costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of stated rates of interest on financing instruments, fees incurred related to financing instruments or accretion of debt discounts. 
 Changes in Fair Value of Future Equity Obligations 
 Changes in the fair value of the simple agreements for future equity SAFEs relate to updated assumptions and estimates are recognized within the statements of operations. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net of other expenses, consists primarily of income generated from our interest-bearing deposit account. 
 
 Financial Overview 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we generated revenues of 221,555 and 62,565, respectively, and reported a net loss of 7,996,219 and 7,645,972, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 94,405,938. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of Results of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes our operating results as reflected in our unaudited statements of operations during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and provides information regarding the dollar and percentage increase (or decrease) during such periods. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenues 221,555 62,565 158,990 254 Cost of revenues 377,304 572,537 (195,233) (34) Gross profit (loss) (155,749) (509,972) 354,223 (69) Operating expenses: General and administrative 1,980,087 1,428,143 551,944 39 Operations 917,350 558,068 359,282 64 Research and development 5,007,985 2,962,812 2,045,173 69 Sales and marketing 383,902 118,793 265,109 223 Total operating expenses 8,289,324 5,067,816 3,221,508 64 Loss from operations (8,445,073) (5,577,788) (2,867,285) 51 Other income (expense), net: Interest income (expense), net 448,854 (1,483,390) 1,932,244 (130) Change in fair value of derivative liability - (149,000) 149,000 (100) Change in fair value of simple agreements for future equity - (435,794) 435,794 (100) Total other income (expense), net 448,854 (2,068,184) 2,517,038 (122) Provision for income taxes - - Net loss (7,996,219) (7,645,972) (350,247) 5 
 Revenues increased 0.16 million to 0.22 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.06 million for the same period in 2023. The increase is primarily due to an increase in delivery and branding revenue. The Company recognized increases in delivery and branding revenues of 0.12 million to 0.18 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.06 million for the same period in 2023. 
 Cost of revenues decreased 0.20 million to 0.38 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 0.57 million for the same period in 2023 due primarily to a decrease in depreciation expense. 
 General and administrative expenses increased 0.55 million to 1.98 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 1.43 million for the same period in 2023, due primarily to an increase in headcount and public company fees. 
 Operations expenses increased 0.36 million to 0.92 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 0.56 million for the same period in 2023, due primarily to an increase in headcount and stock-based compensation expense. 
 Research and development expenses increased 2.05 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 to 5.01 million, compared to 2.96 million for the same period in 2023. This increase was due primarily to stock 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 compensation attributable to the Magna Warrant for 1.12 million recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as well as increased expenses for headcount and related stock-based compensation. 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 0.27 million to 0.38 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 0.12 million for the same period in 2023, due primarily to an increase in investor relations expense and stock-based compensation expense. 
 Interest income (expense), net increased 1.93 million to income of 0.45 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from expense of 1.48 million for the same period in 2023, due primarily to interest earned on bank deposits and decreasing interest on outstanding debt balances. 
 There was no change in the fair value of derivative for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.15 million expense for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in expense was due to the April 2023 convertible notes which were converted into shares of common stock upon the Merger. 
 There was no change in fair value of the simple agreements for future equity SAFEs for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 0.44 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in expense is related to no longer having SAFE agreements. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes our operating results as reflected in our unaudited statements of operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and provides information regarding the dollar and percentage increase (or decrease) during such periods. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenues 1,636,641 164,826 1,471,815 893 Cost of revenues 1,055,755 1,331,165 (275,410) (21) Gross profit (loss) 580,886 (1,166,339) 1,747,225 (150) Operating expenses: General and administrative 4,861,478 3,414,949 1,446,529 42 Operations 2,329,535 1,672,403 657,132 39 Research and development 17,434,332 7,171,446 10,262,886 143 Sales and marketing 667,750 481,511 186,239 39 Total operating expenses 25,293,095 12,740,309 12,552,786 99 Loss from operations (24,712,209) (13,906,648) (10,805,561) 78 Other income (expense), net: Interest income (expense), net (1,137,788) (2,021,996) 884,208 (44) Change in fair value of derivative liability (221,560) (149,000) (72,560) 49 Change in fair value of simple agreements for future equity - (1,672,706) 1,672,706 (100) Total other income (expense), net (1,359,348) (3,843,702) 2,484,354 (65) Provision for income taxes - - Net loss (26,071,557) (17,750,350) (8,321,207) 47 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 33,267,589 10,674,991 Net loss per common share - basic and diluted (0.78) (1.66) 
 Revenues increased 1.47 million to 1.64 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 0.16 million for the same period in 2023. The increase is due primarily to the 1.15 million in revenues generated from software services. The Company also recognizes increases in delivery and branding revenues of 0.29 million to 0.45 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.16 million for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Cost of revenues decreased 0.28 million to 1.06 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 1.33 million for the same period in 2023 due primarily from a decrease in depreciation expense. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased 1.45 million to 4.86 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 3.41 million for the same period in 2023, due primarily to an increase in headcount and public company fees. 
 
 Operations expenses increased 0.66 million to 2.33 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 1.67 million for the same period in 2023, due primarily to an increase in headcount and additional facility costs. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development expenses increased 10.26 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 17.43 million, compared to 7.17 million for the same period in 2023. This increase was due primarily to stock compensation attributable to the Magna Warrant for 7.44 million, as well as increased expenses for headcount, software and stock-based compensation expense. 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 0.19 million to 0.67 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 0.48 million for the same period in 2023, due primarily to increase in headcount and stock-based compensation expense. 
 Interest income (expense), net increased 2.48 million to income of 1.14 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from expense of 2.02 million for the same period in 2023, due primarily to interest earned on bank deposits and decreasing interest on outstanding debt balances. 
 The change in the fair value of derivative was 0.22 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 0.15 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in expense was due to the January 2024 Notes which were converted into shares of common stock upon the Offering. 
 
 There was no change in fair value of the simple agreements for future equity SAFEs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 1.67 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease in expense is related to no longer having SAFE agreements. 
 Key Metrics 
 We regularly review the following key business metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and make strategic decisions: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended 2024 2023 2024 2023 Key Metrics (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Daily Active Robots (1) 
 59 30 49 27 Daily Supply Hours (2) 
 465 224 384 188 
 Daily Active Robots: We define daily active robots as the average number of robots performing daily deliveries during the period. Daily active robots reflect our operation team s capacity to have active robots in the field performing deliveries and/or generating branding revenues. We closely monitor and strive to increase our daily active robots efficiently as we improve our autonomy and resultant human-to-robot ratios and increase the number of merchants and brand advertisers on our platform. 
 Daily Supply Hours: We define daily supply hours as the average number of hours our robots are ready to accept offers and perform daily deliveries during the period. Supply hours represent the aggregate number of robot hours per day during which we can utilize our robots for delivery. Supply hours increase as we add active robots and increase the operating window of those robots in a day. We closely monitor and strive to efficiently increase our fleet s daily supply hours. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our cash and cash equivalents generated by financing activities are our primary source of liquidity. As of September 30, 2024, we had 50.91 million in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. 
 On April 17, 2024, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Aegis Capital Corp. Aegis in connection with the public offering of 10,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a public offering price of 4.00 per share (the Offering ). The Company s net proceeds from the Offering, after deducting the underwriting discount and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, were approximately 35.8 million. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 On July 23, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the July Purchase Agreement with a certain accredited and institutional investor for a private placement offering of pre-funded warrants (the July Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock and warrants exercisable for common stock (the July Investor Warrants ). Pursuant to the July Purchase Agreement, the Company sold 2,500,000 July Pre-Funded Warrants with each July Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable for one share of common stock, together with the July Investor Warrants to purchase up to 2,500,000 shares of common stock. Each July Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying July Investor Warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of 5.9999. The Company received net proceeds of 13.7 million pursuant to the July Purchase Agreement. 
 On August 27, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the August Purchase Agreement with a certain accredited and institutional investor for a private placement offering of pre-funded warrants (the "August Pre-Funded Warrants") to purchase shares of the Company s common stock and warrants exercisable for shares of common stock (the August Investor Warrants ). Pursuant to the August Purchase Agreement, the Company sold 555,555 August Pre-Funded Warrants, with each August Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable for one share of common stock, together with the August Investor Warrants to purchase up to 555,555 shares of common stock. Each August Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying August Investor Warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of 8.9999. The July Investor Warrants were exercised in full for 2,500,000 shares of common stock. In consideration for the immediate exercise in full of the existing warrants, the exercise holder received new warrants (the "Exchange Warrants") to purchase 2,200,000 shares of common stock with and exercise price of 10.00 per share. The Exchange Warrants are exercisable immediately and will expire five and a half years from the date of issuance. The Company received net proceeds of 18.65 million pursuant to the August Purchase Agreement. 
 We will need additional capital to fund our operations which include our research and development and general and administrative expenses, which we may obtain from additional financings, public offerings, research funding, additional collaborations, contract and grant revenue or other sources. 
 Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to raise adequate capital to fund operating losses until we can generate liquidity from our business operations. To the extent sufficient financing is not available, we may not be able to, or may be delayed in, developing our offerings and meeting our obligations. We will continue to evaluate our projected expenditures relative to our available cash and evaluate financing alternatives in order to satisfy our working capital and other cash requirements. 
 Cash Flows 
 As of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents were 50.91 million. The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the periods presented in millions: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Cash used in operating activities (15.28) (12.29) (2.98) Cash used in investing activities (5.39) 0.00 (5.39) Cash from financing activities 71.58 13.08 58.50 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 15.28 million and 12.29 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The increase of 2.98 million was primarily due to a larger net loss of 8.00 million, offset by 9.63 million increase in stock-based compensation. 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 5.39 million and 0.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase of 5.39 million was mainly due to robot build construction in-process. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 71.58 million and 13.08 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The increase of 58.50 million was due to 35.8 million from proceeds of issuance of common stock pursuant to offering, net of issuance costs, 17.12 million from proceeds from issuance of prefunded warrants to purchase common stock in connection with private placement, net of issuance costs, 16.32 million from proceeds from the exercise of warrants, partially offset by repayments of lease liability for Silicon Valley Bank (as more fully described below). 
 Indebtedness 
 In March 2022, we entered into a term loan with Silicon Valley Bank for gross proceeds of 2.50 million with a maturity date of March 1, 2025. The loan accrues interest at the greater of 3.25 per annum or prime rate. Principal payments commenced on October 1, 2022, and the loan was repaid in full as of September 30, 2024. 
 In June 2022, we entered into an equipment financing lease agreement with Farnam Street commencing November 2022, for the cost of building robots, calling for 24 monthly payments of approximately 0.19 million based on an expected total cost of 4.46 million of robot parts and manufacturing costs. In December 2023, the agreement was modified to require three monthly repayments of approximately 0.03 million each and 12 monthly repayments of approximately 0.19 million each, subject to certain terms and effective in January 2024. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Transactions 
 We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose entities that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 There have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This provision allows an emerging growth company to either early adopt or delay the adoption of some accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period under the JOBS Act until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 We are also a smaller reporting company meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million and our annual revenue was less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (i) the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million or (ii) our annual revenue was less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million. If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, for this reporting period and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this report on Form 10-Q. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as set forth in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms promulgated by the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective. 
 Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 As previously disclosed on our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, although management did not conduct a formal assessment of internal control over financial reporting, in connection with the audits of our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, management has identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. Prior to the Merger, our size has prevented us from being able to employ sufficient resources to enable us to have an adequate level of supervision and segregation of duties. Therefore, management concluded that we did not have a comprehensive and formalized accounting and financial reporting policies and procedures manual which details the information needed for our financial reporting process and that we did not have a robust review process by which management could monitor for potential errors or technical accounting requirements, which resulted in material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. 
 We intend to take measures to remediate the aforementioned material weaknesses, including, but not limited to, increasing the capacity of our qualified financial personnel to ensure that accounting policies and procedures are consistent across the organization and that we have adequate control over our Exchange Act reporting disclosures and implementing a formal policies and procedures manual for accounting and financial reporting. The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until management designs and implements effective controls that operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. Our management will monitor the effectiveness of our remediation plans and will make changes management determines to be appropriate. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 There are no pending, threatened or actual material legal proceedings in which the Company or any subsidiary is a party. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors as disclosed in (i) Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors beginning on page 18 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, (ii) Part II, Item 1A "Risk Factors" beginning on page 27 on the Form 10-Q filed for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, and (iii) Part II, Item 1A "Risk Factors" beginning on page 31 on the Form 10-Q filed for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 Please refer to Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities contained in our registration statement on Form S-1 filed on July 31, 2024 for the information required by Item 701 of Regulation S-K, which is incorporated herein by reference, as to all equity securities that we issued during the period covered by this report that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Set forth below are developments regarding trading plan arrangements among the Company's directors and officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 , , the Company's , intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act, providing for the potential sale of up to shares of the Company's common stock and will remain in effect until the earlier of (1) ; or (2) the date on which an aggregate of 100,000 shares of common stock have been sold under the trading plan. In no event shall shares of the Company's common stock be sold under the trading plan prior to December 9, 2024. As of the date of this report, none of the shares were sold and no other adjustments were made to the trading plan during the quarterly period covered by this report. 
 , , the Company's , intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act, providing for the potential sale of up to shares of the Company's common stock and will remain in effect until the earlier of (1) ; or (2) the date on which an aggregate of 600,000 shares of common stock have been sold under the trading plan. In no event shall shares of the Company's common stock be sold under the trading plan prior to November 19, 2024. As of the date of this report, none of the shares were sold and no other adjustments were made to the trading plan during the quarterly period covered by this report. 
 , , the Company's , intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act, providing for the 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 shares of the Company's common stock and will remain in effect until the earlier of (1) ; or (2) the date on which an aggregate of 75,000 shares of common stock have been sold under the trading plan. In no event shall shares of the Company's common stock be sold under the trading plan prior to April 29, 2025. As of the date of this report, none of the shares were sold and no other adjustments were made to the trading plan during the quarterly period covered by this report. 
 , , the Company's , intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act, providing for the potential sale of up to shares of the Company's common stock and will remain in effect until the earlier of (1) ; or (2) the date on which an aggregate of 150,000 shares of common stock have been sold under the trading plan. In no event shall shares of the Company's common stock be sold under the trading plan prior to November 16, 2024. As of the date of this report, none of the shares were sold and no other adjustments were made to the trading plan during the quarterly period covered by this report. 
 The 10b5-1 included a representation from the officer to the broker administering the plan that the officer was not in possession of any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or the securities subject to the plan. A similar representation was made to the Company in connection with the adoption of the plan under the Company's insider trading policy. Those representations were made as of the date of adoption of the 10b5-1 plan, and speak only as of that date. In making those representations, there is no assurance with respect to any material nonpublic information of which the officer was unaware, or with respect to any material non public information acquired by the officer or the Company after the date of the representation. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Form of July Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by referen ce to Exhibit 10. 1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2024) 
 10.2 Form of July Investor Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2024) 
 10.3 Form of July Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2024) 
 10.4 Form of July Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 23, 2024) 
 10.5 Form of August Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporate d by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2024) 
 10.6 Form of August Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2024) 
 10.7 Form of August Investor Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2024) 
 10.8 Form of August Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2024) 
 10.9 Form of August Exchange Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2024) 
 31.10 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.20 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Ce rtification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Furnished in accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
 + Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 # Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally copies of any of the omitted portions of this exhibit to the SEC upon its request. 
 Certain exhibits or schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon its request. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 SERVE ROBOTICS INC. Dated: November 7, 2024 
 By: /s/ Ali Kashani Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: November 7, 2024 
 By: /s/ Brian Read 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 serv-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) as Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Ali Kashani, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Serve Robotics Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Ali Kashani Ali Kashani Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 serv-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) as Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Brian Read, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Serve Robotics Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Brian Read Brian Read Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 serv-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant 
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Serve Robotics Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ali Kashani, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Ali Kashani Ali Kashani Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 serv-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant 
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Serve Robotics Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Brian Read, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge 
 3. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 4. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Brian Read Brian Read Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 serv-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 serv-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 serv-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 serv-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 serv-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

