<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1374339_0001558370-24-015634.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7386935</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>108975</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1128233</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2598902</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1346901</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2020282</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-015634.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114093002
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-015634
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ProMIS Neurosciences Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001374339
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			Z4
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41429
		FILM NUMBER:		241457782

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 200, 1920 YONGE STREET
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M4S 3E2
		BUSINESS PHONE:		416-847-6898

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 200, 1920 YONGE STREET
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M4S 3E2

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMORFIX LIFE SCIENCES LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060831

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-015634.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 pmn-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No As of November 14, 2024, the registrant had Common Shares outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 Table of Contents Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 3 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 3 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 8 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 23 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 31 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 32 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 33 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 33 Item 1A. Risk Factors 33 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 34 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 34 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 34 Item 5. Other Information 34 Item 6. Exhibits 35 Signatures 36 

Table of Contents 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains statements that we believe are, or may be considered to be, forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based on current beliefs, expectations or assumptions regarding the future of the business, future plans and strategies, operational results and other future conditions of the Company. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q regarding the prospects of our industry or our prospects, plans, financial position or business strategy may constitute forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as plans, expects or does not expect, is expected, look forward to, budget, scheduled, estimates, forecasts, will continue, intends, the intent of, have the potential, anticipates, does not anticipate, believes, should, should not, or variations of such words and phrases that indicate that certain actions, events or results may, could, would, might, or will, be taken, occur, or be achieved, or the negative of these terms or variations of them or similar terms. Furthermore, forward-looking statements may be included in various filings that we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or press releases or oral statements made by or with the approval of one of our authorized executive officers. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that these expectations will prove to be correct. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to: 
 the anticipated amount, timing and accounting of contingent, milestone, royalty and other payments under licensing or collaboration agreements; tax positions and contingencies; research and development costs; compensation and other selling, general and administrative expense; foreign currency exchange risk; estimated fair value of assets and liabilities; and impairment assessments; patent terms, patent term extensions, patent office actions and expected availability and period of regulatory exclusivity; our plans and investments in our portfolio as well as implementation of our corporate strategy; the risk that the we will maintain sufficient liquidity to execute our business plan and our ability to continue as a going concern; 
 our expected use of proceeds from private or public offerings of our common shares or other common share equivalents, sales of our common shares in at-the-market offerings and the period over which such proceeds, together with existing cash, will be sufficient to meet our operating needs; 
 the drivers for growing our business, including our plans and intention to commit resources relating to discovery, research and development programs and business development opportunities as well as the potential benefits and results of, and the anticipated completion of, certain business development transactions; the expectations, development plans and anticipated timelines, including costs and timing of potential clinical trials, filings and approvals, of our products candidates and pipeline programs, including announcement of clinical data results, collaborations with third-parties, as well as the potential therapeutic scope of the development and commercialization of our and our collaborators pipeline product candidates, if approved; the timing, outcome and impact of administrative, regulatory, legal and other proceedings related to our patents and other proprietary and intellectual property rights, tax audits, assessments and settlements, pricing matters, sales and promotional practices, product liability and other matters; our ability to finance our operations and business initiatives and obtain funding for such activities; 
 the direct and indirect impact of health crises on our business and operations, including expenses, reserves and allowances, the supply chain, manufacturing, cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents, research and development costs, clinical trials and employees; 

Table of Contents 
 the impact of global financial, economic, political and health events, such as rising inflation, market volatility and fluctuating interest rates; the potential impact of healthcare reform in the United States and measures being taken worldwide designed to reduce healthcare costs and limit the overall level of government expenditures, including the impact of pricing actions and reduced reimbursement for our product candidates, if approved; the impact of the continued uncertainty of the credit and economic conditions in certain countries and our collection of accounts receivable in such countries; the risk that we become characterized as a passive foreign investment company; our ability to prevent and successfully remediate any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting; lease commitments, purchase obligations and the timing and satisfaction of other contractual obligations; and the impact of new laws, including tax, regulatory requirements, judicial decisions and accounting standards. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on these statements as a number of important factors could cause the actual results to differ materially from the beliefs, plans, objectives, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of ProMIS Neurosciences Inc. (the Company ), as applicable, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking information and statements include, but are not limited to, the risks described under the heading Risk Factors Summary and in Item 1A Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024 (the Form 10-K as well as the risks described in Item 1A Risk Factors in subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which reflect management s opinions only as of the date hereof. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to any forward-looking statements. You are advised, however, to consult any additional disclosures we make in our reports to the SEC. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Table of Contents 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. PROMIS NEUROSCIENCES INC. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (expressed in US dollars, except share amounts) (Unaudited) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash Short-term investments Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Share-based compensation liability Warrant liability Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders' equity: Series 2 Convertible Preferred Shares, par value, unlimited shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Common shares, par value, unlimited shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 PROMIS NEUROSCIENCES INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss (expressed in US dollars, except share amounts) (Unaudited) 

For the For the For the For the Three Months Ended Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Change in fair value of financial instruments Interest expense ) ) ) Other income Loss on issuance of common shares, warrants, and pre-funded warrants in July 2024 PIPE ) ) Total other income (expense), net Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per share, basic ) ) Net income (loss) per share, diluted ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding of common shares, basic Weighted-average shares outstanding of common shares, diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 PROMIS NEUROSCIENCES INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (expressed in US dollars, except share amounts) (Unaudited) 

Accumulated Series 1 Convertible Series 2 Convertible Additional Other Preferred Shares Preferred Shares Common Shares Paid-in Comprehensive Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Deficit Total Balance, July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock, pre-funded warrants and accompanying common warrants in August 2023 PIPE, net of issuance costs of Reclassification of USD denominated warrants from warrant liability to additional paid-in capital due to change in functional currency Reclassification of CAD denominated warrants from additional paid-in capital to warrant liability due to change in functional currency ) ) Reclassification of CAD equity-classified stock options to share-based compensation liability due to change in functional currency ) ) Re-measurement of liability-classified CAD stock options as of September 30, 2023 Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 

 5 

Table of Contents 

Accumulated Series 2 Convertible Additional Other Preferred Shares Common Shares Paid-in Comprehensive Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Deficit Total Balance, July 1, 2024 ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Conversion of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Shares ) Issuance of Common Shares, pre-funded warrants and accompanying Common Share warrants in July 2024 PIPE, net of issuance costs of Re-measurement of liability-classified CAD stock options as of September 30, 2024 Issuance of Common Shares from exercise of pre-funded warrants Net income Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 

 6 

Table of Contents 

Accumulated Series 1 Convertible Series 2 Convertible Additional Other Preferred Shares Preferred Shares Common Shares Paid-in Comprehensive Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Deficit Total Balance, January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Foreign currency translation ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock, pre-funded warrants and accompanying common warrants in August 2023 PIPE, net of issuance costs of Reclassification of USD denominated warrants from warrant liability to additional paid-in capital due to change in functional currency Reclassification of CAD denominated warrants from additional paid-in capital to warrant liability due to change in functional currency ) ) Reclassification of CAD equity-classified stock options to share-based compensation liability due to change in functional currency ) ) Re-measurement of liability-classified CAD stock options as of September 30, 2023 Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 

Accumulated Series 2 Convertible Additional Other Preferred Shares Common Shares Paid-in Comprehensive Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Deficit Total Balance, January 1, 2024 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Conversion of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Shares ) Issuance of Common Shares from ATM Offering, net of issuance costs Issuance of Common Shares, pre-funded warrants and accompanying Common Share warrants in July 2024 PIPE, net of issuance costs of Re-measurement of liability-classified CAD stock options as of September 30, 2024 Issuance of Common Shares from exercise of pre-funded warrants Net income Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 PROMIS NEUROSCIENCES INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (expressed in US dollars) (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Share-based compensation Foreign currency exchange gain ) Loss on issuance of common shares, warrants, and pre-funded warrants in July 2024 PIPE Change in fair value of financial instruments ) ) Depreciation of property and equipment Amortization of intangible assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of Common Shares from ATM Offering, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common shares, pre-funded warrants and accompanying common warrants from Private Placements, net of issuance costs Proceeds from exercise of pre-funded warrants Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rates on cash ) Net increase in cash Cash at beginning of year Cash at end of period Noncash financing activities Conversion of convertible debt and derivative liability to Series 1 Convertible Preferred Shares Share issuance costs related to August 2023 PIPE included in accrued liabilities as of September 30, 2023 Reclassification of historical CAD denominated warrants from equity to liability ) Reclassification of historical USD warrants from liability to equity Subscription receivable from July 2024 PIPE Decrease in share-based compensation liability on CAD denominated share options increasing additional paid-in-capital Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for interest The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 PROMIS NEUROSCIENCES INC. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (expressed in US dollars, except share and per share amounts) (Unaudited) 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity Risk The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that the Company will continue its operations for the foreseeable future and will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not generated revenues from its activities. In July 2024, the Company entered into a Unit Purchase Agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors to sell million of Common Share Units and Pre-funded Warrant Units before deducting approximately million of placement agent fees and offering costs as described further in the July 2024 Private Placement section in Note 6. However, the Company had an operating loss of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and an accumulated deficit of million as of September 30, 2024. Management believes these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within the next twelve months from the date these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. The Company will require additional funding to conduct future clinical activities. The Company will seek additional funding through public and private financings, debt financings, collaboration agreements, strategic alliances and licensing agreements. Although the Company has been successful in raising capital in the past, there is no assurance of success in obtaining such additional financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all, and there is no assurance that the Company will be able to enter into collaborations or other arrangements. If the Company is unable to obtain funding, it could force delays, reduce or eliminate research and development programs, product portfolio expansion or commercialization efforts, which could adversely affect future business prospects, and the ability to continue operations. The Company may continue to incur net losses for at least the next several years as the Company advances its product candidates. The Company is actively pursuing additional financing to further develop certain of the Company s scientific initiatives, but there is no assurance these initiatives will be successful, timely or sufficient. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 operating segment and its Chief Executive Officer serves as the CODM. Substantially all of the Company s assets are located in Canada. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: Share-based compensation liability Warrant liability Total liabilities measured at fair value 

As of December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Short-term investments Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: Share-based compensation liability Warrant liability Total liabilities measured at fair value 

12 

Table of Contents 
 transfers between levels have occurred in either reporting period presented. Refer to Note 6 below for disclosures related to the warrant liability and Note 8 for disclosures related to share-based compensation liability. Accrued interest and other receivables Insurance Consultants License fees Deferred financing costs Financing subscription receivable Miscellaneous Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Deferred financing costs Accounting Research and development Severance Other Accrued liabilities 
 Accounts payable are current obligations due to vendors. In May 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with a vendor which gave the option to defer payment on approximately million of current accounts payable and accrued liabilities until March 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, the amount outstanding under the agreement recorded in accounts payable was million. The Company made a cash payment of approximately million to settle the entirety of the amount outstanding under the agreement in March 2024. and issued and outstanding Common Shares, respectively, and and issued and outstanding Series 2 Convertible Preferred Shares, respectively. The Common Shares and Series 2 Convertible Preferred Shares have par value. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 Series 2 Convertible Preferred Shares Options issued and outstanding under stock option plan Deferred Share Units granted Common Shares available for grant under stock option plan Total Common Shares reserved for future issuance 
 The preferences, privileges and rights of the Common Shares are as follows: Voting Subject to any special voting rights or restrictions, holders of Common Shares entitled to vote shall have vote per share. Dividends The Board of Directors may from time to time declare and authorize payment of dividends, if any, as they may deem advisable and need not give notice of such declaration to any shareholder. Subject to the rights of common shareholders, if any, holding shares with specific rights as to dividends, all dividends on Common Shares shall be declared and paid according to the number of such shares held and paid in C . Liquidation Rights In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company or any other distribution of the Company s assets for the purpose of winding up the Company s affairs, after the payment of dividends declared but unpaid, the holders of Common Shares shall be entitled pari passu to receive any remaining property of the Company. Series 2 Convertible Preferred Shares In November 2023, the directors of the Company authorized the issuance of an unlimited number of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Shares Series 2 Shares ). In December 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with the Series 1 Shareholders to exchange all outstanding Series 1 Shares for Series 2 Shares (an equivalent number of as-converted Common Shares). As described further in the Mandatory Conversion section below, all Series 2 Shares converted into an equivalent number of Common Shares in July 2024. The Series 2 Shares have the following preferences, privileges and rights: Dividends If the Company declares, pays or sets aside any dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock the holders of the Preferred Shares shall receive a dividend on each outstanding share of Preferred Share in an amount equal to that dividend per share of the Preferred Share as would equal the product of the dividend payable as if all shares of such series had been converted into Common Shares. Liquidation In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Series 2 Shares shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to the shareholders an amount per share equal to , plus any dividends declared but not paid. If, upon any such liquidation event, the assets available for distribution to the shareholders are insufficient to pay the holders of the Series 2 Shares, the holders of the Series 2 Shares shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets available for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such shares were paid in full. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 million of cumulative gross proceeds to the Company. The July 2024 PIPE (defined below) qualified as a mandatory conversion event for the Series 2 Shares, whereby all outstanding Series 2 Shares converted into fully paid non-assessable Common Shares upon the closing of the transaction. Following the mandatory conversion event, there were no outstanding Series 2 Shares. Equity Transactions Functional Currency Change Following the change in functional currency effective July 1, 2023, the Company reassessed the classification of its historical US and C denominated warrants in accordance with the Company s accounting policy for warrants. As a result of the reassessment, the Company determined that US warrants to purchase Common Shares, originally issued in financing transactions in 2021 and 2022, previously classified as warrant liabilities met the criteria under ASC 815-40 for permanent equity classification. The US warrants with a total fair value of , calculated using a Black Scholes calculation as of June 30, 2023, were reclassified from warrant liability to additional-paid-in-capital in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. The fair value of the US warrants represented the entirety of the Company s warrant liability as of June 30, 2023. The US warrants will not be re-measured prospectively. As result of the reassessment the Company determined that C warrants, originally issued in financing transactions between 2018 and 2020, which were previously classified in permanent equity no longer met the criteria for equity classification. The C warrants were remeasured as of July 1, 2023. The C warrants have exercise prices between C and C and expire between November 2024 and November 2025. The C warrants liability was re-measured at December 31, 2023 to a fair value of . The C warrants liability was re-measured at September 30, 2024 to a fair value of , with the change in fair value of reported in other income in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The weighted-average values of the significant assumptions used in the Black Scholes valuation of the C warrants as of December 31, 2023 included volatility of , a risk-free rate of , exercise price of C and an expected term of years. The weighted-average values of the significant assumptions used in the Black Scholes valuation of the C warrants as of September 30, 2024 included volatility of , a risk-free rate of , exercise price of C and an expected term of years. July 2024 Private Placement On July 26, 2024, the Company entered into a Unit Purchase Agreement (the Unit Purchase Agreement to raise in aggregate gross proceeds for the Company (the July 2024 PIPE before deducting in placement agent fees and other expenses. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had received gross proceeds of and 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. The Company received of the remaining outstanding balance in November 2024. Pursuant to the terms of the Unit Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to sell to PIPE Investors in the Offering, an aggregate of (x) common share units (the Common Share Units ), each consisting of (i) Common Share, (ii) Tranche A Common Share purchase warrant to purchase Common Share, (iii) Tranche B Common Share purchase warrant to purchase Common Share and (iv) Tranche C Common Share purchase warrant to purchase Common Share (each, a Warrant , collectively, the Warrants and, for certain investors, (y) pre-funded units (the Pre-Funded Units and together with the Common Share Units, the Units ), each consisting of (i) Pre-Funded Warrant to purchase Common Share (each, a Pre-Funded Warrant , collectively, the Pre-Funded Warrants , and the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrant Shares ), (ii) Tranche A Common Share purchase warrant to purchase Common Share, (iii) Tranche B Common Share purchase warrant to purchase Common Share and (iv) Tranche C Common Share purchase warrant to purchase Common Share. The purchase price for each Common Share Unit was per Common Share Unit, and the purchase price for each Pre-Funded Unit was per Pre-Funded Unit. The Pre-Funded Warrants have an exercise price of per Warrant Share, are immediately exercisable and will expire when exercised in full. The Tranche A Common Share purchase warrants have an exercise price of , for aggregate gross proceeds of up to million, are exercisable immediately upon Shareholder Approval (as defined below) and will expire upon the earlier of (i) or (ii) within days of the Tranche A Milestone Event (as defined below). The Tranche B Common Share purchase warrants have an exercise price of , for aggregate gross proceeds of up to million, are exercisable immediately upon Shareholder Approval (as defined below) and will expire upon the earlier of (i) or (ii) within days of the Tranche B Milestone Event (as defined below). The Tranche C Common Share purchase warrants have an exercise price of , for aggregate gross proceeds of up to million, are immediately exercisable and will expire on July 31, 2029. For purposes of the foregoing, Tranche A Milestone Event means the public announcement via press release or the filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K of 6-month data from the cohorts treated with multiple ascending doses of PMN310, and Tranche B Milestone Event means the public announcement via press release or the filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K of 12-month data from the cohorts treated with multiple ascending doses of PMN310. Pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d), the exercise of the Tranche A and Tranche B Common Share purchase warrants is subject to shareholder approval (the Shareholder Approval ). The Company agreed to convene a shareholders meeting, or otherwise obtain written Shareholder Approval, on or before days following the Closing Date, to obtain such approval. Shareholder Approval for the Tranche A and B Warrants AB Warrants was obtained during the Special Meeting of Shareholder held on October 23, 2024. The AB Warrants were classified as liabilities and recorded at fair value utilizing level 3 inputs at issuance due to the requirement for Shareholder Approval. Under the applicable accounting guidance, the requirement for Shareholder Approval precludes a financial instrument from equity classification, as it cannot be considered indexed to the Company's own stock. The preclusion is because of the potential of the settlement amount differing than a fixed for fixed option on the Company's shares. The fair value of the AB Warrants at issuance was determined to be , calculated using a Black Scholes calculation on July 26, 2024 with the following weighted average assumptions: share price of , the most currently available Nasdaq Official Closing Price for the Company s Common Shares when the Company entered into the purchase agreements, exercise price of volatility of , risk-free rate of , and a term of years. The fair value of the AB Warrants at September 30, 2024 was determined to be , calculated using a Black Scholes calculation with the following weighted average assumptions: volatility of , share price of , exercise price of , risk-free rate of , and a term of years. The Company incurred offering costs totaling that consisted of placement agent fees and direct incremental legal, advisory, accounting and filing fees relating to the July 2024 PIPE, resulting in net cash proceeds of . The value of the AB Warrants exceeded the net proceeds received. As a result, the entire proceeds and offering costs were allocated to the AB Warrant liability, and also resulted in a loss on issuance of common shares of , which was recorded in Other Income (Expense) in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 July 2024 PIPE AB Warrant liability at issuance Change in fair value of warrant liability ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 A summary of warrant liability activity for the year ended December 31, 2023 is as follows: Change in fair value of the warrant liability ) Foreign exchange loss ) Fair value of US warrant liability as of June 30, 2023 Fair value of previously liability-classified US warrants reclassified to additional paid-in-capital as of July 1, 2023 ) Fair value of previously equity-classified C warrants reclassified to warrant liability as of July 1, 2023 Change in fair value of C warrant liability ) Balance at December 31, 2023 
 At-the-Market Offering (ATM) In September 2023, the Company filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC. In conjunction with the shelf registration, the Company entered into an ATM agreement in January 2024 to offer up to million of the Company s Common Shares. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold and Common Shares for net proceeds of and , respectively, after deducting sales commissions. November 2024 C December 2024 C November 2025 US August 2026 US August 2026 US April 2028 US April 2028 US February 2029 US January 2026 US January 2027 US July 2029 US None In January 2024, warrants with an exercise price of C expired without being exercised. In June 2024, warrants with an exercise price of C expired without being exercised. pre-funded warrants were exercised during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 of its issued and outstanding Common Shares. Share options granted vest at various rates and have a term not exceeding . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and options available for grant under the 2015 Option Plan, respectively. Share options under the 2015 Option Plan are granted in either US or C . Upon the change in the Company s functional currency, effective July 1, 2023, C share options previously classified as equity were reclassified as liabilities. All grants following the Company s change in functional currency are in US . Canadian Dollar Share Options The following table summarizes the C share options outstanding under the 2015 Option Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. All amounts are denominated in C , except year and share amounts: Expired ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Vested and exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and vested and exercisable is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options, and the fair value of the Company s Common Shares when the exercise price is below fair value. There were C options exercised or granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Upon the change in the Company s functional currency effective July 1, 2023 C share options previously classified as equity were reclassified as liabilities. The C options were re-measured as of December 31, 2023 and had a fair value of . The C options were re-measured as of September 30, 2024 and had a fair value of , resulting in a decrease to the fair value of the liability and an increase to additional paid-in-capital of . A summary of share-based compensation liability activity for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 is as follows: Increase in additional paid-in-capital due to decrease in fair value of share-based compensation liability ) Balance at September 30, 2024 

18 

Table of Contents 
 Reduction in share-based compensation expense due to decrease in fair value of share-based compensation liability ) Increase in additional paid-in-capital due to decrease in fair value of share-based compensation liability ) Balance at December 31, 2023 
 The following table summarizes the weighted average of significant assumptions used to calculate the fair value of C share options outstanding and exercisable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield Expected term (years) 
 Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s Common Shares over the expected life of the option, as the Company s options are not readily tradable. US Dollar Share Options The following table summarizes the US share options outstanding under the 2015 Option Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. All amounts are denominated in US , except year and share amounts: Granted Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Vested and exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted US share options with a grant date fair value of . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 there were US share options exercised. The fair value of the US share options granted was estimated using Black Scholes with the following assumptions: Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield Expected term (years) 

19 

Table of Contents 
 Share-based Compensation The following table summarizes total share-based compensation included in the Company s accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss: General and administrative Total share-based compensation As of September 30, 2024, there was of unrecognized share-based compensation liability related to C options outstanding but unvested, which is expected to be recognized over weighted-average remaining service period of years. There was of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to US options outstanding but unvested, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining service period of years. , with the Company s Chief Scientific Officer, as principal investigator at the UBC. In January 2022, the UBC CRA was amended to extend the project for an additional three years, and funding was increased to an aggregate total of C . This amendment, along with the November 2021 amendment extends the project for an additional three years, effective January 1, 2022. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company made cash payments of and and incurred costs of and , respectively, which are included in research and development expenses in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). Neil Warma Milestone Award Following the completion of the July 2024 PIPE, in accordance with certain milestones in Mr. Neil Warma s employment agreement, the Company s Board of Directors awarded Mr. Warma a one-time cash bonus of and the remaining unvested options under Mr. Warma s January 2024 option grant of options became fully vested. 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 events have occurred that require accrual of any milestone or royalty related amounts. UBC and the Vancouver Coastal Health Authority Agreement In April 2016, the Company entered into a , CRA with the UBC and the Vancouver Coastal Health Authority. The agreement was amended various times through January 2022, extending the agreement through 2025. Refer to Note 9 Related Party Transactions. UBC Agreement In February 2009, the Company entered into an agreement with UBC to further the development and commercialization of certain technology developed, in part, by the Company s Chief Scientific Officer. The agreement was amended and restated in October 2015. Under the amended and restated agreement, the Company is committed to make royalty payments based on revenue earned from the licensed technology. An annual license fee is payable over the term of the agreement. The agreement remains effective unless terminated under the provisions of the agreement. The Company made annual license payments of C during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Through September 30, 2024, accruals for royalty payments have been made. Indemnification In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into agreements that may include indemnification provisions. Pursuant to such agreements, the Company may indemnify, hold harmless and defend an indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party. Some of the provisions will limit losses to those arising from third party actions. In some cases, the indemnification will continue after the termination of the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these provisions is not determinable. The Company has never incurred material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification provisions. The Company has also entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and officers that may require the Company to indemnify its directors and officers against liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The Company currently has directors and officers insurance. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase common shares for little to no consideration, issued in connection with the August 2023 PIPE and July 2024 PIPE, were included in both the basic and diluted net income (loss) per share calculation. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders: ) ) Denominator: Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding Effect of potentially dilutive securities: Warrants 696,070 Stock options 43,420 26,283 Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 30,067,095 12,370,830 23,676,104 9,861,719 Basic net income (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders 0.31 (0.19) 0.13 (0.98) Diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders ) ) 
 The following outstanding potentially dilutive Common Shares equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted net income (loss) per share for the periods presented because including them would have been antidilutive: Warrants Series 1 Convertible Preferred Shares Deferred Share Units Total 
 and annual discretionary bonus with a target of of his base salary. Mr. Warma was also provided (i) severance in the amount of salary, a pro-rated annual bonus at target, acceleration of time-based stock options and standard continuing benefits in connection with a termination without cause and (ii) severance in the amount of the sum of salary and a pro-rated annual bonus at target, acceleration of time-based stock options and standard continuing benefits in connection with a change in control of the Company. In connection with his appointment, Mr. Warma was also granted (i) an option to purchase of the Company s common shares (the Initial Award and (ii) an option to purchase of the Company s common shares (the Performance Award ). Per the Company s 2015 Stock Option Plan, the exercise price of each of the Initial Award and the Performance Award is per share, the volume-weighted average price VWAP as of October 8, 2024. The Initial Award is vested upon grant with the remaining shares vesting ratably over . The Performance Award shall vest on the date that the VWAP of the Company s common shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market exceeds times the exercise price, with the remainder vesting ratably over the following . 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS All references in this management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, or MD A, to the Company , ProMIS , we , us , or our refer to ProMIS Neurosciences Inc., unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise. The following MD A is prepared as of November 13, 2024 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (collectively, the Financial Statements ), which have been prepared by management in accordance with GAAP as issued by the FASB. All dollar amounts refer to United States dollars, except as stated otherwise. Overview We are applying our patented technology platform to build a portfolio of antibody therapies and therapeutic vaccines in neurodegenerative diseases and other protein-misfolding diseases, with a focus on Alzheimer s disease AD ), multiple system atrophy MSA ), and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). We believe these diseases share a common biologic cause misfolded versions of proteins, that otherwise perform a normal function, becoming toxic and killing neurons, resulting in disease. ProMIS technology platform enables drug discovery through a combination of protein biology, physics and supercomputing. We believe this platform provides a potential advantage in selectively targeting the toxic misfolded proteins with therapeutics or detecting them with diagnostics. We are developing a pipeline of antibodies aimed at selectively targeting misfolded toxic forms of proteins that drive neurodegenerative diseases without interfering with the essential functions of the same properly folded proteins. Our product candidates are PMN310, PMN267, and PMN442. Our lead product candidate is PMN310, a monoclonal antibody designed to treat AD by selectively targeting toxic, misfolded oligomers of amyloid-beta. PMN267 is our second lead product candidate targeting ALS. It has been shown in preclinical studies to selectively recognize misfolded, cytoplasmic TDP-43 aggregates without interacting with normal TDP-43. Misfolded TDP-43 is believed to play an important role in the development of ALS. In light of research suggesting that misfolded toxic a-syn is a primary driver of disease in synucleinopathies such as MSA and Parkinson s disease, our third lead product candidate, PMN442 has shown robust binding to pathogenic a-syn oligomers and seeding fibrils in preclinical studies, with negligible binding to a-syn monomers and physiologic tetramers which are required for normal neuronal function. We also have earlier stage preclinical programs and a project to refine our discovery algorithm using machine learning as highlighted in the Other Key Projects section below. We were incorporated on January 23, 2004 under the Canada Business Corporations Act CBCA ). On July 13, 2023, we continued our existence from a corporation incorporated under the CBCA into the Province of Ontario under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) (the OBCA (the Continuance ). The Continuance was approved by our shareholders at our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2023. We have a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary, ProMIS USA, which was incorporated in January 2016 in the State of Delaware. ProMIS USA has had no material activity and has no material financial impact on our Financial Statements. Since our inception, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to developing our platform technologies and the resultant antibody product candidates, building our intellectual property portfolio, business planning, raising capital and providing general and administrative support for these operations. We have principally financed our operations through public and private placements of Common Shares and warrants and convertible debt. We have incurred significant operating losses since inception. Our ability to generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual licensing and/or commercialization of our product candidates and any future product candidates. We had an operating loss of 4.4 million and 10.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 10.4 million and 2.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 90.4 million. We expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future and, if able to raise additional funding, would expect our research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses and capital expenditures to increase. In particular, if we are able to raise additional funding, we expect our expenses to increase as we continue our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates, as well as initiate clinical trials, hire additional personnel, pay fees to outside consultants, lawyers and accountants, and incur other increased costs associated with being a clinical-stage public company. In addition, if we obtain marketing approval for any product candidates, we may incur significant commercialization expenses related to product manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution. We may also incur expenses should we in-license or acquire additional product candidates. 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through the sale of equity, including our at-the-market offering agreement we entered into in January 2024 to sell up to 25.0 million of Common Shares, debt financings, or other capital sources, which may include collaborations with other companies or other strategic transactions. We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements or arrangements when needed on favorable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise capital or enter into such agreements as and when needed, we may have to significantly delay, reduce or eliminate the development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates or delay our pursuit of potential in-licenses or acquisitions. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we are able to generate product sales, we may not become profitable. If we fail to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce or terminate our operations. We expect that our cash of 21.5 million as of September 30, 2024 will not be sufficient to fund the Company s operating expenses for at least 12 months from the date these Financial Statements were issued. This raises substantial about regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. Refer to additional discussion related to going concern considerations in Liquidity and Capital Resources . Program Updates ProMIS lead program PMN310: Potential Next Generation Therapy for Alzheimer s Disease PMN310, a monoclonal antibody selective for toxic amyloid-beta oligomers in AD, is our lead product candidate. In 2024, we made significant progress on the program elements. A first-in-human Phase 1a clinical trial of PMN310 was initiated in November 2023. The study was a double-blind single ascending dose SAD study in 40 healthy volunteers. Enrollment of the 5 SAD cohorts (2.5, 5, 10, 20, 40 mg/kg) was completed in May 2024. Topline data from the first 4 cohorts were released in July 2024 and results on all 5 cohorts were presented at the Clinical Trials on Alzheimer s Disease CTAD conference in October 2024. Across the entire dosing range, plasma concentrations of PMN310 were linearly dose proportional as were total exposure (AUC 0- and maximum concentration (Cmax). Cerebrospinal fluid CSF concentrations of PMN310 were linearly dose-dependent and 100-600 times the estimated CSF molar concentration of A oligomers. The plasma half-life (t was approximately 17.5 days and the CSF t was approximately 27 days. These results indicate that PMN310 crossed the blood brain barrier in a dose-dependent manner with kinetics suggesting that monthly dosing will potentially provide levels of PMN310 adequate for target engagement in AD patients. A Phase 1b proof of concept trial in AD patients is expected to initiate in the fourth quarter of 2024. This randomized, placebo controlled, double blind clinical trial is expected to enroll 100 patients and will not only look at critical biomarkers and incidence of ARIA but will also extend for 12 months to enable us to measure important clinical cognition endpoints. Expenditures for PMN310 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 were approximately 1.9 million, not including allocations of senior management time. ALS Portfolio, including TAR-DNA binding protein 43 (TDP- 43) PMN267 PMN267 has been humanized in a human IgG1 framework and is ready to progress to IND-enabling studies, subject to sufficient available resources, to support the systemic, extracellular administration form. Additionally, in conjunction with a partner having expertise with vectorization, the development of an intrabody form could progress. Multiple system atrophy (MSA) PMN442 ProMIS has selected a novel monoclonal antibody PMN442 as a lead candidate for MSA based on its selective binding and protective activity against pathogenic forms of alpha-synuclein. PMN442 has been humanized in a human IgG1 framework and is ready to progress to IND-enabling studies, subject to availability of sufficient resources. Other key projects We continue to progress with other key projects, in addition to our top priorities PMN310, PMN267, and PMN442. With respect to the amyloid vaccine program, mouse studies have provided data guiding the development of an AD vaccine against toxic A oligomers 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 leading to the selection of a lead candidate consisting of a dominant conformational peptide epitope conjugated to a carrier protein in formulation with an adjuvant. Similarly, mouse vaccination studies with a-syn vaccine candidates utilizing our peptide antigens to target pathogenic a-syn enabled the selection of our lead vaccine candidate, PMN400, against multiple synucleinopathies including MSA, Parkinson s disease and Lewy body dementia. Assessment of the protective activity of the vaccine in mouse models of synucleinopathies is ongoing. Our proprietary technology employs algorithmic prediction of protein misfolding to identify disease-specific epitopes (DSEs) to which selective antibodies can be raised. An effort is underway to update the algorithms with machine learning capabilities to accelerate our ability to identify and patent DSEs and antibodies, across neurodegenerative diseases as well as other therapeutic areas. Recent Corporate Highlights In July 2024, we announced a private placement for gross proceeds of 30.3 million upfront with up to an additional 92.4 million of additional proceeds possible if warrants granted are exercised by warrant holders, with the ability to exercise certain of the warrants subject to shareholder approval, before deducting an estimated 2.6 million in placement agent fees and other offering costs. Shareholder approval was obtained in October 2024. For more information on the private placement, refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources . In July 2024, a poster on our AD vaccine work entitled Novel approach to optimization of Alzheimer s vaccine configuration for maximal targeting of toxic amyloid-beta oligomers was presented by Dr. Larry Altsteil at the Alzheimer s Association Internation Conference (AAIC) in Philadelphia, PA. In August 2024, we announced two journal publications on the pathogenic role of SOD1 aggregates in ALS: One paper in Acta Neuropathologica titled, Seeding activity of human superoxide dismutase 1 aggregates in familial and sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis postmortem neural tissues by real-time quaking-induced conversion, and another publication in the online journal Open Biology titled, Amyloidogenic regions in beta-strands II and III modulate the aggregation and toxicity of SOD1 in living cells. In September 2024, Dr. Johanne Kaplan gave a virtual presentation entitled Distinguishing between A b -directed antibodies: Ability of PMN310 to target toxic oligomers despite competing species at the hybrid International Conference on Cognitive and Behavioral Neurosciences held in Lisbon, Portugal. In October 2024, Dr. Larry Altstiel presented a poster on positive data from the PMN310 Phase 1a clinical trial at the CTAD conference held in Madrid, Spain. Components of Operating Results Revenue We have not generated any revenue since our inception and do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of our products in the near future, if at all. If our product candidates are successful and result in marketing approval or if we enter into collaboration or license agreements with third parties, we may generate revenue in the future from a combination of product sales or payments from such collaboration or license agreements. Operating Expenses Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred in connection with the development and research of our platform technologies, as well as unrelated discovery program expenses. We expense research and development costs in the periods in which they are incurred. These expenses include: employee-related expenses, including salaries, related benefits and share-based compensation expense, for employees engaged in research and development activities; 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 external research and development expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as contract research organizations or contract research organizations CROs ), and consultants; the cost of acquiring, developing, and manufacturing clinical study materials; and costs associated with preclinical and clinical activities and regulatory operations. 
 We enter into consulting, research, and other agreements with commercial entities, researchers, universities, and others for the provision of goods and services. Such arrangements are generally cancelable upon reasonable notice and payment of costs incurred. Costs are considered incurred based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks under each contract using information and data provided by the respective vendors, including our clinical sites. These costs consist of direct and indirect costs associated with our platform technologies, as well as fees paid to various entities that perform certain research on our behalf. Depending upon the timing of payments to the service providers, we recognize prepaid expenses or accrued expenses related to these costs. These accrued or prepaid expenses are based on management s estimates of the work performed under service agreements, milestones achieved, and experience with similar contracts. We monitor each of these factors and adjust estimates accordingly. Research and development activities account for a significant portion of our operating expenses. If we are able to obtain additional funding, we expect our research and development expenses to increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue to implement our business strategy, which includes advancing our platform technologies through clinical development as well as other product candidates into clinical development, expanding our research and development efforts, including hiring additional personnel to support our research efforts, our clinical and product development efforts, and seeking regulatory approvals for our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials. We use our personnel and infrastructure resources across multiple research and development programs directed toward identifying and developing product candidates. Our direct research and development expenses consist primarily of external costs, including fees paid to consultants, contractors and CROs in connection with our development activities and the cost of acquiring, developing, and manufacturing clinical study materials. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs including salary, bonus, employee-benefits and share-based compensation, costs incurred in development and protection of intellectual property, professional service fees, and other general overhead and facility costs, (including rent) depreciation and amortization. If we are able to obtain additional funding, we expect our general and administrative expenses to increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we increase our administrative function to support the growth of the business and its continued research and development activities. Other (Expense) Income Other (expense) income consists primarily of interest expense on deferred accounts payable with a vendor, changes in the fair value of our financial instruments, interest income and a loss on the issuance of Common Shares, warrants and pre-funded warrants in the 2024 Private Placement. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Result s of Operations The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods presented: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Operating expenses Research and development 6,313,373 5,658,127 655,246 General and administrative 4,511,660 4,729,969 (218,309) Total operating expenses 10,825,033 10,388,096 436,937 Loss from operations (10,825,033) (10,388,096) (436,937) Other income (expense) 13,842,113 756,043 13,086,070 Net income (loss) 3,017,080 (9,632,053) 12,649,133 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 Research and Development Expenses The following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in research and development expenses for the periods presented: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Direct research and development expenses by program PMN310 4,537,978 3,144,784 1,393,194 ALS Platform and other programs 526,265 466,793 59,472 Indirect research and development expenses: Employee salaries and benefits 1,139,223 1,088,562 50,661 Share-based compensation 11,478 78,018 (66,540) Consulting expense 69,771 807,551 (737,780) Other operating costs 28,658 72,419 (43,761) Total research and development expenses 6,313,373 5,658,127 655,246 Research and development expenses increased by 0.7 million, or 12 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase is attributable to a 1.4 million increase in PMN310 direct costs as we progressed our Phase 1a clinical trial during 2024. Consulting costs decreased 0.7 million due to 2023 costs incurred from the preparation and submission of the PMN310 IND application, which was completed in April 2023 and cleared in May 2023. Expenditures on employee salaries and benefits and on the platform and other programs each increased by 0.1 million, offset by a decrease of 0.1 million in share-based compensation costs. General and Administrative Expenses The following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in general and administrative expenses for the periods presented: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Employee salaries and benefits 795,284 629,864 165,420 Share-based compensation 191,141 188,683 2,458 Professional and consulting fees 3,138,770 3,568,384 (429,614) Patent expense 248,348 184,341 64,007 Facility-related and other 138,117 158,697 (20,580) Total general and administrative expenses 4,511,660 4,729,969 (218,309) General and administrative expenses decreased by 0.2 million, or 5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Employee salaries and share-based compensation costs increased by 0.2 million. Professional and consulting fees decreased by 0.4 million. Professional and consulting fees during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included one-time costs of 0.8 million related to expensing previously deferred financing costs after abandoning planned offerings. Professional and consulting expenses regarding regular recurring costs were 2.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting an increase in 2024 professional and consulting fees of 0.4 million. This was comprised of an increase of 0.6 million in legal costs, 0.1 million in investor relations and audit and tax fees, offset by a decrease of 0.3 million in insurance and other consulting costs. Patent expenses increased by 0.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other Income (Expense) Other income increased by 13.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the gain on change in fair value of financial instruments of 16.3 million and an increase in interest income of 0.2 million, offset by a 2024 loss on the issuance of Common Shares, warrants and pre-funded warrants in our July 2024 PIPE of 3.5 million. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Results of Operations The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods presented: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Operating expenses Research and development 2,563,774 1,142,160 1,421,614 General and administrative 1,870,903 1,375,380 495,523 Total operating expenses 4,434,677 2,517,540 1,917,137 Loss from operations (4,434,677) (2,517,540) (1,917,137) Other income/(expense) 13,710,502 156,892 (13,553,610) Net income (loss) 9,275,825 (2,360,648) 11,636,473 Research and Development Expenses The following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in research and development expenses for the periods presented: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Direct research and development expenses by program PMN310 1,914,804 540,998 1,373,806 Platform and other programs 167,493 167,878 (385) Indirect research and development expenses: Employee salaries and benefits 439,394 353,720 85,674 Share-based compensation 3,854 3,854 Consulting expense 28,279 38,251 (9,972) Other operating costs 9,950 41,313 (31,363) Total research and development expenses 2,563,774 1,142,160 1,421,614 Research and development expenses increased by 1.4 million, or 124 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase is attributable to a 1.4 million increase in direct research and development expenses related to PMN310 phase 1a and phase 1b clinical trial costs in the three months ended September 30, 2024. General and Administrative Expenses The following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in general and administrative expenses for the periods presented: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Employee salaries and benefits 459,664 207,931 251,733 Share-based compensation 117,183 117,183 Professional and consulting fees 1,139,376 994,570 144,806 Patent expense 86,018 42,198 43,820 Facility-related and other 68,662 130,681 (62,019) Total general and administrative expenses 1,870,903 1,375,380 495,523 General and administrative expenses increased by 0.5 million, or 36 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Employee salaries and share-based compensation increased by 0.3 million, primarily due to a one-time bonus awarded to our CEO, Neil Warma, following our July 2024 PIPE. Professional and consulting fees increased by 0.1 million, primarily driven by an increase of 0.2 million in legal costs and 0.1 million in contractor and business development costs, offset by a decrease of 0.2 million in shareholder and investor relations costs. Facility-related and other costs decreased by 0.1 million. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 Other Income (Expense) Other income increased by 13.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the gain on change in fair value of financial instruments of 16.9 million and an increase in interest income of 0.1 million, offset by a 2024 loss on the issuance of Common Shares, warrants and pre-funded warrants in our July 2024 PIPE of 3.5 million and a decrease in interest expense of 0.1 million. Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources of Liquidity We are a development stage company as we have not generated revenues to date and do not expect to have significant revenues until we are able to sell a product candidate after obtaining applicable regulatory approvals or we establish collaborations that provide funding, such as licensing fees, milestone payments, royalties, research funding or otherwise. Operations have been financed since inception, through the sale of equity and debt securities and the conversion of Common Share purchase warrants and share options. Our objectives, when managing capital, are to ensure there are sufficient funds available to carry out our research, development and eventual commercialization programs. When we have excess funds, we manage our liquidity risk by investing in highly liquid corporate and government bonds with staggered maturities to provide regular cash flow for current operations. We do not hold any asset-backed commercial paper and our cash is not subject to any external restrictions. We also manage liquidity risk by frequently monitoring actual and projected cash flows. The Board of Directors reviews and approves the Company s operating and capital budgets, as well as any material transactions not in the ordinary course of business. The majority of our accounts payable and accrued liabilities have maturities of less than three months. We are dependent on our ability to generate revenues from our products or secure additional financing in order to continue our research and development activities and meet our ongoing obligations and existing liabilities. In May 2023, we entered into an agreement with a vendor, which provided for the option to defer payment on approximately 5.5 million of current accounts payable and accrued liabilities until March 31, 2024. We repaid the entirety of the 5.9 million outstanding in March 2024, which terminated the agreement. In August 2023, we completed a private placement of 9,945,969 Common Shares and, in lieu of Common Shares, 954,725 pre-funded warrants, each attached to a Common Share warrant exercisable at a price of 1.75 for gross proceeds of 20.4 million before deducting issuance costs of 2.7 million (the August 2023 PIPE ). Proceeds from the private placement are being used to advance the clinical development of PMN310, ProMIS lead therapeutic candidate, as well as for working capital and other general corporate expenses. On September 22, 2023, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-274658) with the SEC, which was declared effective on September 29, 2023 (Shelf Registration Statement), in relation to the registration of Common Shares, preferred shares, subscription receipts, debt securities, warrants and/or units of any combination thereof for the purposes of selling, from time to time, our Common Shares, debt securities or other equity securities in one or more offerings. On January 5, 2024, we entered into an At The Market Offering Agreement with BTIG, LLC to provide for the offering, issuance and sale of up to an aggregate amount of 25.0 million of our Common Shares from time to time in at-the-market offerings under the Shelf Registration Statement and subject to the limitations thereof. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 75,862 shares for net proceeds of approximately 0.2 million. In July 2024, we completed a private placement for aggregate gross proceeds of 30.3 million to sell an aggregate of (a) 9,757,669 common share units (the Common Share Units sold at 2.15 per Common Share Unit, each consisting of one Common Share and certain accompanying warrants to purchase Common Shares (Tranche A, B and C) and, for certain investors, (b) 4,371,027 pre-funded units (the Pre-Funded Units and together with the Common Share Units, the Units sold at 2.14 per Pre-Funded Unit, each consisting of one Pre-Funded Warrant to purchase one Common Share and certain accompanying warrants to purchase Common Shares (Tranche A, B and C), totaling 14,128,696 each of Tranche A, B and C Warrants. The Pre-Funded Warrants have an exercise price of 0.01 per Warrant Share, are immediately exercisable and will expire when exercised in full. The Tranche A Common Share purchase warrants have an exercise price of 2.02, , are exercisable immediately upon Shareholder Approval (as defined below) and will expire upon the earlier of (i) 18 months or (ii) within 60 days of the public announcement via press release or the filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K of 6-month data from the cohorts treated with multiple ascending doses of PMN310. The Tranche B Common Share purchase warrants have an exercise price of 2.02, are exercisable immediately upon Shareholder Approval (as defined below) and will expire upon the earlier of (i) 30 months or (ii) within 60 days of the public announcement via press release or the filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K of 12-month data from the cohorts treated with multiple ascending doses of PMN310. The Tranche C Common Share purchase warrants have an exercise price of 2.50, are immediately exercisable and will expire on July 31, 2029. Pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d), the exercise of the Tranche A and Tranche B Common Share purchase warrants is subject to shareholder approval (the Shareholder Approval ). There is an additional 92.4 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 million available tied to exercise of warrants. Proceeds from the private placement are expected to be used to advance the clinical development of PMN310, our lead therapeutic candidate, as well as for working capital and other general corporate expenses. The Company received Shareholder Approval for the Tranche A and Tranche B Warrants on October 23, 2024 at a Special Meeting of Shareholders. We incurred a net operating loss of 4.4 million and 10.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively and reported an accumulated deficit of 90.4 million as of September 30, 2024. Management believes that these conditions raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within 12 months of the date the Financial Statements are issued. Additional funding will be necessary to fund future clinical activities and to pay down our existing liabilities. We will seek additional funding through public and private financings, debt financings, collaboration agreements, strategic alliances and licensing agreements. Although we have been successful in raising capital in the past, there is no assurance of success in obtaining such additional financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all, and there is no assurance that we will be able to enter into collaborations or other arrangements. If we are unable to obtain funding, it could force us to delay, reduce or eliminate research and development programs and product portfolio expansion or commercialization efforts. These potential delays, reductions and eliminations could adversely affect future business prospects, and our ability to continue as a going concern. Cash Flows The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for the periods presented: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net cash used in operating activities (18,467,058) (7,085,438) (11,381,620) Net cash provided by financing activities 27,405,810 18,259,414 9,146,396 Effect of exchange rates on cash (181,425) 181,425 Net increase in cash 8,938,752 10,992,551 (2,053,799) Cash Flows from Operating Activities Cash used in operating activities was 18.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which consisted of net income of 3.0 million, decreased by non-cash activities of 13.3 million and a net change of 8.2 million in our operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash decreases included gains of 17.0 million on the change in the fair value of our financial instruments, offset by a non-cash loss of 3.5 million on the issuance of our Common Shares, warrants and pre-funded warrants in the July 2024 PIPE, and 0.2 million of share-based compensation. Changes in cash flows related to operating assets and liabilities primarily consisted of a decrease of 6.3 million of accounts payable, including a repayment of 5.9 million on previously deferred accounts payable and a 0.4 million decrease in accrued liabilities and a 1.5 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets. Cash used in operating activities was 7.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which consisted of a net loss of 9.6 million, increased by non-cash activities of 0.4 million offset by a net change of 3.0 million in our operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash activities primarily consisted of a non-cash gain on the change in fair value of warrant liability of 0.7 million. Additive changes in cash flows related to operating assets and liabilities primarily consisted of an increase of 5.4 million of accounts payable offset by a 2.0 million decrease in accrued liabilities. Cash Flows from Investing Activities There was no cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. Cash Flows from Financing Activities Cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 27.4, which included 27.2 million from the common shares, warrants and pre-funded warrants sold in the July 2024 PIPE, which does not include a subscription receivable of an additional 0.5 million, which was received in November 2024, and 0.2 million from the sale of Common Shares under the At The Market Offering Agreement. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 18.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 from the common shares, pre-funded warrants, and common share warrants sold in the August 2023 PIPE, which does not include 0.5 million of accrued but unpaid issuance costs as of September 30, 2023. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our MD A is based on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S GAAP and on a basis consistent with those accounting principles followed by us and disclosed in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023. The preparation of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires our management to make certain judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgement about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant estimates and judgments include, but are not limited to, accruals for research and development expenses and the valuation of warrant liabilities. Accordingly, actual results may differ from these judgments and estimates under different assumptions or conditions and any such difference may be material. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates since December 31, 2023. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations is disclosed in Note 2 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Emerging Growth Company Status We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period to enable us to comply with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Fully Diluted Share Capital The number of issued and outstanding Common Share Equivalents as of September 30, 2024 was as follows: 

Number of Common Share Equivalents Common Shares 32,689,190 Options issued and outstanding under stock option plan 1,087,493 Warrants 57,341,371 Deferred share units 1,061 Total - September 30, 2024 91,119,115 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. In the normal course of business, we are exposed to a number of financial risks that can affect our operating performance. These risks are credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk. Our overall risk management program and prudent business practices seek to minimize any potential adverse effects on the Company s financial performance. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to a significant concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and short-term investments. We manage our exposure to credit losses by placing our cash with accredited financial institutions, which at times, may exceed federally insured limits, and when we have excess funds, such funds are invested in high-quality government and corporate issuers with low credit risk. Cash held is not subject to any external restrictions. As of the year ended December 31, 2023 and nine months ended September 30, 2024, a hypothetical 10 relative change in interest rates would not have a material impact on our Financial Statements. Liquidity Risk Our exposure to liquidity risk is dependent on purchasing obligations and raising funds to meet commitments and sustain operations. We are a pre-revenue development stage company, and we rely on external fundraising to support our operations. We also manage liquidity risk by continuously monitoring actual and projected cash flows. Our Board of Directors reviews and approves the Company s operating budget, as well as any material transaction. Inflation Risk Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor, outside consultants and CROs. We do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to a material weakness identified in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting and the Company s remediation efforts are described below. Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, identified a material weakness related in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The Company failed to design sufficient and appropriate review controls over certain of its fair value calculations, including the calculation of the fair value of the July 2024 PIPE Warrant Liability during the three months ended September 30, 2024, which could potentially result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. Based on this assessment and the material weakness described above, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective and had not been remediated by the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. However, management believes that the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 Remediation Measures To address the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, described above, we are in process of taking a number of measures to remediate the material weakness, including ensuring there are appropriate levels of review in place over the calculation of the fair value of our financial instruments. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II Item 1. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, reputational harm and other factors. Item 1A. Risk Factors. We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results, some of which are beyond our control. In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the risks and uncertainties that we believe are most important for you to consider are discussed under the heading Risk Factors Summary and in Item 1A Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report Form 10-K, as amended and supplemented by the information in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for quarters, as applicable. The risk factors set forth below are risk factors containing changes, which may be material, from the risk factors previously disclosed under the heading Risk Factors Summary and in Item 1A Risk Factors in the Company s Form 10-K as filed with the SEC and such subsequently filed Quarterly Report. We have incurred losses since inception, we anticipate that we will incur continued losses for the foreseeable future and there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the full one-year period following the date of this filing of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We will require additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our development programs, commercialization efforts or other operations. The development of biopharmaceutical therapeutic candidates is capital-intensive. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we conduct our ongoing and planned preclinical studies of our development programs, initiate clinical trials for our therapeutic candidates and seek regulatory approval for our current therapeutic candidates and any future therapeutic candidates we may develop. If we obtain regulatory approval for any of our therapeutic candidates, we also expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution. Because the outcome of any preclinical study or clinical trial is highly uncertain, we cannot reasonably estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of our therapeutic candidates. Accordingly, we will need to obtain additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. We had working capital of approximately 21.9 million as of September 30, 2024. Management believes its working capital position raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within the next twelve months from the date of filing of this Form 10-Q. We will require additional funds for further research and development, planned clinical testing, regulatory approvals, establishment of manufacturing capabilities and, if necessary, the marketing and sale of our products. Our ability to raise additional financing and maintain operations in the future could be at substantial risk and 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 there can be no assurance that additional funding or partnerships will be available on acceptable terms that would foster successful commercialization of our products. Failing to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms could force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or any future commercialization efforts. We may attempt to raise additional funds for these purposes through public or private equity or debt financing, collaborations with other biopharmaceutical companies and/or from other sources. We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to insufficient review controls over the Company s fair value measurements of certain of its financial instruments, including its July 2024 PIPE Warrant Liability. As a result of this material weakness, our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024. We have taken a number of measures to remediate the material weakness described herein. However, if we are unable to remediate our material weaknesses in a timely manner or we identify additional material weaknesses, we may be unable to provide required financial information in a timely and reliable manner and we may incorrectly report financial information. Likewise, if our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our common shares are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. The existence of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of us, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our shares. We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. Even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our condensed financial statements. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. None. Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable Item 5. Other Information. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, or director of the Company (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f)) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibits. The following documents are filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: 

10.1# Employment Agreement with Neil Warma, dated October 8, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 10, 2024). 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed herewith. # Management Contract or compensatory plan or arrangement The certification attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompanies this Quarterly Report is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on November 14, 2024. 

PROMIS NEUROSCIENCES INC. Date: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Neil Warma Neil Warma Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Date: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Daniel Geffken Daniel Geffken Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

 36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 pmn-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Neil Warma, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ProMIS Neurosciences Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/Neil Warma Neil Warma Interim Chief Executive Officer (Interim Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 pmn-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Daniel Geffken, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ProMIS Neurosciences Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Daniel Geffken Daniel Geffken Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 pmn-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ProMIS Neurosciences Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, as the Principal Executive Officer of the Company and the Principal Financial Officer of the Company, respectively, certify, pursuant to and for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002, that to their knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Neil Warma Neil Warma Interim Chief Executive Officer (Interim Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Daniel Geffken Daniel Geffken Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 pmn-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 pmn-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 pmn-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 pmn-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 pmn-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

