<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_849146_0000849146-24-000121.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3964508</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>81077</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>925629</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1060091</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>978391</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>860958</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000849146-24-000121.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029160513
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000849146-24-000121
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lifevantage Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000849146
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				900224471
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35647
		FILM NUMBER:		241405678

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 TRIUMPH BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-432-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 TRIUMPH BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIFELINE THERAPEUTICS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	YAAK RIVER RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANDRAPLEX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920406

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000849146-24-000121.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 lfvn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

lfvn-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Form 
 ________________________________________________________________________________ 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission file number: 
 ________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 ________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company, in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, as of October 28, 2024 was . 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q, in particular Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and the information incorporated by reference herein contains forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). These statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, reflect our current expectations, intentions, or strategies regarding our possible future results of operations, performance, and achievements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation: statements regarding future products or product development; statements regarding future selling, general and administrative costs and research and development spending; statements regarding the future performance of our network marketing efforts; statements regarding our expectations regarding ongoing litigation; statements regarding international growth; and statements regarding future financial performance, results of operations, capital expenditures and sufficiency of capital resources to fund our operating requirements. These forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and common law. 
 These forward-looking statements may be identified in this report and the information incorporated by reference by words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, plan, predict, project, should and similar terms and expressions, including references to assumptions and strategies. These statements reflect our current beliefs and are based on information currently available to us. Accordingly, these statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, which could cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, such statements. 
 The following factors are among those that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements: 
 Inability to properly manage, motivate and retain our independent consultants (which we previously referred to as distributors in our prior filings) or to attract new customers and independent consultants on an ongoing basis; 
 Non-compliance by our independent consultants with applicable legal requirements or our policies and procedures; 
 Changes to our independent consultant compensation plans; 
 Dependence upon a few products for revenue; 
 Dependence on third parties to manufacture our products; 
 Sourcing and pricing of high quality materials for our products; 
 Disruptions to the transportation channels used to distribute our products; 
 Risk of being subject to a product recall; 
 Product liability claims against us; 
 Competition in the dietary supplement and personal care markets; 
 Unfavorable publicity on our business or products; 
 Actions by activist stockholders; 
 Loss of or inability to attract key personnel; 
 Risk of being held responsible for certain taxes or assessments and other obligations relating to the activity of our independent consultants; 
 Risk related to Global Not For Resale program; 
 Inability to comply with evolving laws, regulations, standards, policies, and contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, including cybersecurity; 
 Inability to manage existing markets, open new international markets or expand our operations; 
 Inability of new products and technological innovations to gain customer or independent consultant or market acceptance; 
 2 

Inability to execute our product launch process due to increased pressure on our supply chain, information systems and management; 
 Inability to appropriately manage our inventory; 
 Disruptions in our information technology ("IT") systems, including as a result of cybersecurity incidents; 
 Inability to comply with financial covenants imposed by our credit facility and the impact of debt service obligations and restrictive debt covenants; 
 International trade or foreign exchange restrictions, increased tariffs, foreign currency exchange fluctuations; 
 Inability to raise additional capital or complete desired acquisitions; 
 Strict government regulations on our business; 
 Regulations governing the production or marketing of our products; 
 Risk of investigatory and enforcement action; 
 Risk of our direct selling program being found non-compliant with current or newly adopted laws or regulations in various markets; 
 Laws and regulations prohibiting or severely restricting direct selling; 
 International regulatory and business risks, including failure to comply with anti-corruption laws; 
 Inability to protect our intellectual property rights; 
 Third party intellectual property infringement claims; 
 Volatility of the market price of our common stock; 
 Risk of substantial sales of shares negatively impacting the market price of our common stock; 
 Inability of share repurchase program enhancing long-term stockholder value; 
 Risk of additional shares issued diluting voting power of current outstanding common stock or causing decline in stock price; 
 Potential delisting of our common stock due to non-compliance with Nasdaq's continued listing requirements; 
 Risks related to being a smaller reporting company; 
 Limitations for disputes, mergers, tender offers, or proxy contests under Delaware law; 
 Expense and time consuming legal proceedings; 
 Ineffectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting; 
 Challenges to tax positions or transfer pricing policies or change in laws; 
 Economic, political, foreign exchange and other risks associated with international operations, including consumer discretionary spending habits; 
 Unfavorable global economic conditions; 
 Securities class action litigation; and 
 Securities or industry analysts ceasing coverage or publishing inaccurate or unfavorable research. 
 When considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this report and the documents incorporated by reference. Except as required by law, we have no obligation and do not undertake to update or revise any such forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report. 
 3 

LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION 
 INDEX 
 PAGE PART I. Financial Information 
 5 
 Item 1. Financial Statements: 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity (unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 10 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 24 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 25 
 PART II. Other Information 
 25 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 25 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 25 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 26 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 26 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 27 
 Signatures 
 28 

4 

PART I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 (In thousands, except per share data) ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Income tax receivable Inventory, net Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Deferred income tax asset Other long-term assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Commissions payable Income tax payable Lease liabilities Other accrued expenses Total current liabilities Long-term lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies - Note 7 per share, shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock par value per share, shares authorized and and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands, except per share data) Revenue, net Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Commissions and incentives Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Interest income, net Other expense, net ) ) Total other income Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shares Amount (In thousands, except per share data) Balances, June 30, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued under equity award plans Shares canceled or surrendered as payment of tax withholding and other ) ) ) Repurchase of company stock ) ) ) Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Cash dividends ) ) Currency translation adjustment Net income Balances, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 (Unaudited) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shares Amount (In thousands, except per share data) Balances, June 30, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued under equity award plans Shares canceled or surrendered as payment of tax withholding and other ) ) ) Repurchase of company stock ) ) ) Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Cash dividends ) ) Currency translation adjustment ) ) Net income Balances, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Non-cash operating lease expense Gain on disposal of assets ) Amortization of debt discount Deferred income tax ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Income tax receivable ) Inventory, net ) Prepaid expenses and other ) ) Other long-term assets Accounts payable ) Income tax payable ) Other accrued expenses Lease liabilities ) ) Other long-term liabilities Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Repurchase of company stock ) ) Payment of cash dividends ) ) Shares canceled or surrendered as payment of tax withholding and other ) ) Proceeds from common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Net Cash Used in Financing Activities ) ) Foreign Currency Effect on Cash ) Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents: ) ) Cash and Cash Equivalents beginning of period Cash and Cash Equivalents end of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes of LifeVantage Corporation LifeVantage" or the Company as of and for the year ended June 30, 2024 included in the annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on August 28, 2024. 
 
 Note 1 
 
 Note 2 
 
 10 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, net foreign currency losses of approximately and million, respectively, are recorded in other expense, net. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had million in cash accounts at one financial institution and million in accounts at other financial institutions. At June 30, 2024, the Company had million in cash accounts at one financial institution and million in accounts at other financial institutions. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, and during the periods then ended, the Company s cash balances exceeded federally insured limits. 
 bad debt expense was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Inventory 
 Raw materials Total inventory 
 , which includes a reduction in inventory values of million and million at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, related to obsolete and slow-moving inventory. 
 
 11 

million and million as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. The contract liabilities impact to revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was a decrease of million and million, respectively. 
 Estimated returns are recorded when a product is shipped. Subject to some exceptions based on local regulations, the Company s return policy is to provide a full refund for a product returned within days. After days of purchase, only unopened product that is in a resalable and restockable condition may be returned within of purchase and shall receive a refund, less a handling and restocking fee and any shipping and handling costs. The Company establishes a refund liability reserve, and an asset reserve for its right to recover products, based on historical experience. The returns asset reserve and returns liability reserve are evaluated on a quarterly basis. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the returns liability reserve, net was million and million, respectively. 
 Shipping and Handling 
 Shipping and handling costs associated with inbound freight and freight out to customers and independent consultants are included in cost of sales. Shipping and handling fees charged to customers and independent consultants are included in revenue. 
 Research and development expens es for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 12 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized income tax expense of million and million, respectively, which is reflective of the Company s current estimated federal, state and foreign effective tax rate. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings in specific tax jurisdictions, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the effects of approximately million and million common shares, respectively, issuable upon exercise of options and non-vested shares of restricted stock are not included in computations as their effect was anti-dilutive. 
 Denominator: Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Stock awards and options Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding Net income per share, basic Net income per share, diluted 
 13 

geographic regions: the Americas region and the Asia/Pacific Europe region. 
 geographic regions (in thousands): Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Americas Asia/Pacific Europe Total revenue 
 Additional information as to the Company s revenue from operations in the most significant geographical areas is set forth below (in thousands): Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 United States Japan 
 Japan 
 
 Note 3 
 . As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for operating leases was years and , respectively. As of June 30, 2024, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for operating leases was years and , respectively. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, operating lease expense was million and million, respectively. 
 14 

Variable lease cost Short-term lease costs Total lease expense 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to operating leases was as follows (in thousands): Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating cash outflows from operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total Less: imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Note 4 
 million (the Line of Credit and collectively with the Loan Agreement, Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty and the Security and Pledge Agreement the 2024 Credit Facility ). 
 In the event the Company borrows under the Line of Credit, interest will be payable commencing on the last day of each month following such borrowing until payment in full of all principal outstanding under the Line of Credit, with all unpaid principal and interest due on April 12, 2027 (the Expiration Date ). The Line of Credit will bear interest at a rate per year equal to the sum of (i) the greater of the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Daily Floating Rate (as defined in the Loan Agreement) or , plus (ii) . Amounts under the Line of Credit may be repaid and re-borrowed from time to time until the Expiration Date. As of September 30, 2024, the effective interest rate is . 
 The Company s obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Guarantor, and by a pledge of the membership interests of the Company's subsidiaries, as further provided for in the Security and Pledge Agreement. Pursuant to the Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty, the Guarantor guarantees and promises to pay promptly to the Lender all indebtedness of the Company when due. 
 The Loan Agreement contains customary covenants, both affirmative and negative, that, among other things, restrict the Company s ability to deal with the Company's assets outside of the ordinary course, incur additional indebtedness, grant liens on the Company's assets, make certain investments, purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all the assets or equity interests of other companies, and enter into consolidations, mergers or other combinations. The Loan Agreement requires that the Company maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy certain financial condition tests. 
 15 

higher than the rate of interest otherwise provided under the Loan Agreement. 

Note 5 
 million and million shares of common stock, respectively, under equity award plans. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , the Company issued shares of common stock upon the exercise of stock options. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million shares of restricted stock, respectively, were canceled or surrendered as payment of tax withholding upon vesting. 
 O n February 17, 2022, the Company's board of directors (the "Board of Directors") approved an amendment to its then-existing share repurchase program to increase the authorized share repurchase amount from million to million. On June 12, 2023, the Board of Directors approved an amendment to extend the duration of the repurchase program period to December 31, 2026. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased million shares of common stock at an aggregate price of million under this repurchase program. During the three months ended September 30, 2023 , the Company purchased million shares of common stock at an aggregate price of million under this repurchase program. At September 30, 2024, there is million remaining under this repurchase program. 
 On August 30, 2023, the Board of Directors approved a stockholder rights agreement (the Rights Plan and declared a dividend of right for each outstanding share of common stock to stockholders of record on September 11, 2023. Each right entitled holders to purchase newly issued share of preferred stock at an exercise price of per right, subject to adjustment. Initially, the rights were not exercisable and traded with shares of the Company s common stock. 
 In general, the rights would have become exercisable following a public announcement that a person acquires (or, in the case of passive investors, or more of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. If a person became an acquiring person, each holder of rights (except the acquiring person) would have had the right to purchase, for the purchase price, a number of shares of the Company s common stock at a discount to the then-current trading price. Rather than allowing the rights to be exercised in those circumstances, the Board of Directors could exchange each right, other than the rights owned by the acquiring person, for a share of the Company s common stock. The agreement provided for exceptions and additional terms for other certain situations and circumstances. 
 The Rights Plan was intended to protect the interests of LifeVantage and its stockholders by reducing the likelihood that any entity, person or group gains control of the Company through open-market accumulation or other means without payment of an adequate control premium and expired on August 28, 2024. There was no impact to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Company s Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of preferred stock. However , as of September 30, 2024, none have been issued nor have any rights or preferences been assigned to the preferred stock by the Company s Board of Directors. 
 Dividends 
 In August 2024, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share of common stock to be paid on September 17, 2024 to stockholders of record on September 9, 2024. Cash dividends for the three months ended September 30, 2024 totaled million. Cash dividends for the three months ended September 30, 2023 totaled million, or per share. 
 The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon various factors, including the Company's earnings, financial condition, restrictions imposed by any indebtedness that may be outstanding, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. 
 16 

Note 6 
 shares. On November 9, 2023, the stockholders approved amendments to the 2017 Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company's common stock that are available for issuance under the 2017 Plan by shares. As of September 30, 2024, a maximum of million shares of the Company's common stock can be issued under the 2017 Plan in connection with the grant of awards which is calculated as the sum of (i) shares and (ii) up to shares previously reserved for issuance under the Company's 2010 Long Term Incentive Plan, including shares returned upon cancellation, termination or forfeiture of awards that were previously granted under that plan. Outstanding stock options awarded under the 2017 Plan have exercise prices of per share, and vest over a vesting period. Awards expire in accordance with the terms of each award and, upon expiration of the award, the shares subject to the award are added back to the 2017 Plan. The contractual term of stock options granted is generally . As of September 30, 2024, under the 2017 Plan, there were stock option awards outstanding, net of awards expired, for an aggregate of million shares of the Company's common stock. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 General. The Company's 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") was adopted by the Board of Directors in September 2018 and the Company's stockholders approved it in November 2018. The ESPP is intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 Share Reserve. The Company has reserved million shares of its common stock for issuance under the ESPP. As of September 30, 2024, approximately shares were available for issuance. The number of shares reserved under the ESPP will automatically be adjusted in the event of a stock split, stock dividend or a reverse stock split (including an adjustment to the per-purchase period share limit). 
 Purchase Price. Employees may purchase each share of common stock under the ESPP at a price equal to of the lower of the fair market values of the stock as of the beginning or the end of the six-month offering periods. An employee's contributions to the ESPP are limited to of their regular hourly or salary compensation, and up to a maximum of shares may be purchased during any offering period. A participant shall not be granted an option under the ESPP if such option would permit the participant's rights to purchase stock to accrue at a rate exceeding grant date fair market value of stock for each calendar year in which such option is outstanding at any time. 
 Offering Periods. Unless otherwise determined by the compensation committee, the ESPP will be operated through a series of successive offering periods, which will begin each year on March 1 and September 1. 
 Duri ng the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , approximately and shares of common stock were issued under the ESPP, respectively. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 million and million, respectively, was reflected as an increase to additional 
 
 Note 7 
 17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Overview 
 LifeVantage Corporation (the Company, we, us, or our is a company focused on nutrigenomics, the study of how nutrition and naturally occurring compounds affect human genes to support good health. We are dedicated to helping people achieve their health, wellness and financial goals. We provide quality, scientifically-validated products to customers an d independent consultants as well as a financially rewarding commission-based direct sales opportunity to our independent consultants. We engage in the identification, research, development, formulation and sale of advanced nutrigenomic activators, dietary supplements, nootropics, pre- and pro-biotics, weight management, and skin and hair care products. We currently sell our products to customers and independent consultants in two geographic regions that we have classified as the Americas region and the Asia/Pacific Europe region. 
 The success and growth of our business is primarily based on the effectiveness of our independent consultants to attract and retain customers in order to sell our products and our ability to attract and retain independent consultants. When we are successful in attracting and retaining independent consultants and customers, it is largely because of: 
 Our products, including our flagship Protandim family of scientifically validated dietary supplements, LifeVantage Omega+, ProBio, IC Bright , Rise AM, Reset PM, Daily Wellness, D3+, and PhysIQ Fat Burn and Prebiotic dietary supplements, our line of TrueScience skin and hair care products and Liquid Collagen, Petandim , our companion pet supplement formulated to combat oxidative stress in dogs, and AXIO , our nootropic energy drink mixes; 
 Our sales compensation plan and other sales initiatives and incentives; and 
 Our delivery of superior customer service. 
 As a result, it is vital to our success that we leverage our product development resources to develop and introduce compelling and innovative products and provide opportunities for our independent consultants to sell these products in a variety of markets. We sell our products in the United States, Mexico, Japan, Australia, Hong Kong, Canada, Thailand, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany, Taiwan, Austria, Spain, Ireland, Belgium, New Zealand, Singapore, and the Philippines. In addition, we sell our products in a number of countries for personal consumption only. Entering a new market requires a considerable amount of time, resources and continued support. If we are unable to properly support an existing or new market, our revenue growth may be negatively impacted. 
 18 

Our Products 
 Our products are the Protandim line of scientifically validated dietary supplements, LifeVantage Omega+, ProBio, IC Bright , Rise AM, Reset PM, D3+, Daily Wellness, and PhysIQ Fat Burn and Prebiotic dietary supplements, TrueScience , our line of skin and hair care products and Liquid Collagen, Petandim , our companion pet supplement formulated to combat oxidative stress in dogs, and AXIO , our nootropic energy drink mixes. The Protandim product line includes Protandim NRF1 Synergizer , Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer , and Protandim NAD Synergizer . The Protandim NRF1 Synergizer is formulated to increase cellular energy and performance by boosting mitochondria production to improve cellular repair and slow cellular aging. The Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer contains a proprietary blend of ingredients and has been shown to combat oxidative stress and enhance energy production by increasing the body s natural antioxidant protection at the genetic level, inducing the production of naturally occurring protective antioxidant enzymes, including superoxide dismutase, catalase, and glutathione synthase. The Protandim NAD Synergizer was specifically formulated to target cell signaling pathways involved in the synthesis and recycling of a specific molecule called NAD (nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide), and it has been shown to double sirtuin activity, supporting increased health, focus, energy, mental clarity, and mood. Use of the three Protandim products together, marketed as the Protandim Tri-Synergizer , has been shown to produce synergistic benefits greater than using the single products on their own. LifeVantage Omega+ is a dietary supplement that combines DHA and EPA Omega-3 fatty acids, omega-7 fatty acids, and vitamin D3 to support cognitive health, cardiovascular health, skin health, and the immune system. LifeVantage ProBio is a dietary supplement designed to support optimal digestion and immune system function. LifeVantage Daily Wellness is a dietary supplement designed to support immune health. IC Bright is a dietary supplement to help support eye and brain health, reduce eye fatigue and strain, support cognitive functions, and may help support normal sleep patterns. PhysIQ Fat Burn is a dietary supplement designed to support weight management, and PhysIQ Prebiotic is a dietary supplement designed to support a healthy digestive tract. Our Nrf2 enhanced TrueScience line of anti-aging skin and hair care products includes TrueScience TrueClean Refining Cleanser, TrueScience TrueRenew Daily Firming Complex, TrueScience TrueLift Illuminating Eye Cream, TrueScience TrueHydrate Brightening Moisturizer, TrueScience TrueTone Perfecting Lotion, TrueScience TrueProtect Daily Mineral Sunstick SPF 30, TrueScience Perfecting Lotion, TrueScience Hand Cream, TrueScience Invigorating Shampoo, TrueScience Nourishing Conditioner, TrueScience Scalp Serum, and TrueScience Liquid Collagen. TrueScience Liquid Collagen activates, replenishes, and maintains collagen to support firmness and elasticity from within. Petandim is a supplement specially formulated to combat oxidative stress in dogs through Nrf2 activation. AXIO is our line of our nootropic energy drink mixes formulated to promote alertness and support mental performance. We believe our significant number of customers who regularly and repeatedly purchase our products is a strong indicator of the health benefits of our products. 
 We sell our products both individually and in stacks. A stack consists of multiple products bundled together that are designed to achieve a specific result. In fiscal year 2024, o ur stack strategy evolved with a focus on the brand message of Activation with three stacks that tell the unique LifeVantage Activation story from an inside-out approach. This builds upon the synergistic benefits that were demonstrated in fiscal year 2023 with our Healthy Glow Essentials stack. The Inside-Out Activation Duo features Nrf2 Synergizer and TrueScience TrueRenew Daily Firming Complex. This duo activates antioxidants for good health on the inside and a cleaner, kinder retinol alternative for skin that looks and feels healthy and youthful on the outside. The LifeVantage Activation Essentials Stack contains Nrf2 Synergizer TrueScience Liquid Collagen, and TrueScience TrueRenew Daily Firming Complex. Finally our Healthy Glow + Activated Skin Care Collection contains Nrf2 Synergizer , TrueScience Liquid Collagen, and the full Activated Skin Care Collection. We continue to offer other popular packs such as the Vitality Stack (Protandim NRF1 Synergizer , Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer , LifeVantage Omega+ and LifeVantage ProBio), the Ultimate Stack (Vitality Stack + Protandim NAD Synergizer and PhysIQ Prebiotic), and the Protandim Tri-Synergizer (Protandim NRF1 Synergizer , Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer , and Protandim NAD Synergizer ). 
 We currently have additional products in development. Any delays or difficulties in intr oducing compelling products or attractive initiatives or tools into our markets may have a negative impact on our revenue and our ability to attract new independent consultants and customers. 
 Compensation Plan for our Independent Consultants 
 On March 1, 2023, we launched a new compensation plan for our Independent Consultants in the United States, Japan, Australia, and New Zealand markets. We refer to this compensation plan as our Evolve Compensation Plan. On February 1, 2024, we launched the Evolve Compensation Plan in the Canada, Mexico, and Europe markets. 
 
 Accounts 
 Because we primarily utilize a direct selling model for the distribution of a majority of our products, the success and growth of our business depends in large part on the effectiveness of our independent consultants to attract and retain customers to purchase our products and our ability to attract new and retain existing independent consultants. Changes in our product sales 
 19 

typically are the result of variations in product sales volume relating to fluctuations in the number of active independent consultants and customers purchasing our products. The number of active independent consultants and customers is, therefore, used by management as a key non-financial measure. 
 The following tables summarize the changes in our active accounts base by geographic region. These numbers have been rounded to the nearest thousand as of the dates indicated. For purposes of this report, we define Active Accounts as only those independent consultants and customers who have purchased from us at any time during the most recent three-month period, either for personal use or for resale. As of September 30, 2024 2023 Change from Prior Year Percent Change Active Independent Consultants Americas 31,000 66.0 32,000 61.5 (1,000) (3.1) Asia/Pacific Europe 16,000 34.0 20,000 38.5 (4,000) (20.0) Total Active Independent Consultants 47,000 100.0 52,000 100.0 (5,000) (9.6) Active Customers Americas 61,000 80.3 66,000 77.6 (5,000) (7.6) Asia/Pacific Europe 15,000 19.7 19,000 22.4 (4,000) (21.1) Total Active Customers 76,000 100.0 85,000 100.0 (9,000) (10.6) Active Accounts Americas 92,000 74.8 98,000 71.5 (6,000) (6.1) Asia/Pacific Europe 31,000 25.2 39,000 28.5 (8,000) (20.5) Total Active Accounts 123,000 100.0 137,000 100.0 (14,000) (10.2) 

Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue. We generated net revenue of 47.2 million and 51.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Foreign currency fluctuations negatively impacted our revenue by 0.2 million, or 0.4 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Americas . The following table sets forth revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for the Americas region (in thousands): Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change United States 35,268 36,896 (4.4) Other 1,624 1,618 0.4 Americas Total 36,892 38,514 (4.2) 
 Re venue in the Americas region for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 1.6 million, or 4.2 , from the prior year period. Total Active Accounts decreased 6.1 in the region compared to the prior year period. The average revenue per account increased due to changes in our product sales mix and increased shipping charges. Revenue related to our TrueScience Liquid Collagen product, including the product when sold as part of a bundle, declined slightly to approximately 9.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 10.0 million in the prior year period. 
 20 

Asia/Pacific Europe . The following table sets forth revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for the Asia/Pacific Europe region and its principal markets (in thousands): Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Japan 5,983 7,515 (20.4) Australia New Zealand 1,661 2,338 (29.0) Greater China 678 427 58.8 Other 2,000 2,570 (22.2) Asia/Pacific Europe Total 10,322 12,850 (19.7) 
 Revenue in the Asia/Pacific Europe region decreased 2.5 million, or 19.7 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as com pared to the prior year period. Total Active Accounts in the region decreased 20.5 compared to the prior year period. Decreases in total Active Accounts, along with negative impacts from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, have contributed to the overall decrease in revenue within the Asia/Pacific Europe region. 
 Overall, revenue in the Asia/Pacific Europe region was negatively impacted by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations in the amount of approximately 0.1 million, or 1.0 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior year period, mainly due to currency fluctuations in Japan. Revenue in Japan was negatively impacted by foreign exchange rate fluctuations in the amount of approximately 0.2 million, or 2.3 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior year period. Negative foreign exchange rate fluctuations in Japan were partially offset by gains in other markets. On a constant currency basis, revenue in Japan decreased 18.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior year period. The decrease in revenue on a constant currency basis in Japan during three months ended September 30, 2024 was due to a 13.8 decrease in our Active Accounts in that region. The decrease was coupled with a decrease in the average revenue per account, primarily from a decrease in TrueScience Liquid Collagen related revenue. Revenue related to TrueScience Liquid Collagen was approximately 0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.1 million in the prior year period. 
 Globally, our sales and marketing efforts continue to be directed toward strengthening our core business through our fiscal year initiatives and building our worldwide sales. In October 2023, we relaunched our TrueScience Skin Care line with entirely new branding premium packaging, and improved formulas. Rebranded as the TrueScience Activated Skin Care Collection, this line includes TrueClean Refining Cleanser, TrueRenew Daily Firming Complex, TrueLift Illuminating Eye Cream, and TrueHydrate Brightening Moisturizer. This was a global launch in all markets. In the United States, we also launched TrueScience TrueProtect Daily Mineral Sunstick, a broad-spectrum, 30 SPF mineral sunscreen that addresses the appearance of sun-induced hyperpigmentation and wrinkles as it protects against future damage. In October 2024, we launched our MindBody GLP-1 System TM in the United States. This is a dual-product solution designed to balance hunger hormones, build healthier habits, and help individuals reach and maintain their ideal weight. We will continue the refinement and expansion of our product offerings internationally during fiscal year 2025 and beyond. We expect this expansion will continue to drive revenue growth globally through increased average order size and increased ability to attract and retain new independent consultants and customers with a compelling product lineup. 
 Cost of Sales. Cost of sales were 9.5 million and 10.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, resulting in gross profit percentages of 79.9 and 80.2 , respectively. The increase in cost of sales as a percentage of revenue is primarily due to a shift in product mix, changes in raw material and manufacturing related costs, shipping to customer expenses, and warehouse fulfillment expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Commissions and Incentives. Commissions and incentives expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 20.3 million, or 43.0 , of revenue as compared to 22.5 million, or 43.8 , of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in commissions and incentives expenses as a percentage of revenue compared to the prior year period is due to changes in sales mix and the timing and magnitude of our various promotional and incentive programs. 
 Commissions and incentives expenses, as a percentage of revenue, may fluctuate in future periods based on our ability to hold incentive trips and events and the timing and magnitude of compensation, incentive and promotional programs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative. Selling, general and administrative expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 14.8 million, or 31.4 , of revenue as compared to 18.0 million, or 35.0 , of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year period is primarily due to decreased proxy contest related expenses and the termination of our endorsement agreement with Real Salt Lake in December 2023. 
 21 

Total Other Income . During the three months ended September 30, 2024 we recognized total net other income of 8,000 as compared to 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . Total net other income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 consisted primarily of interest income, offset by foreign currency gains and losses. 
 Income Tax Expense . We recognized income tax expense of 0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 29.2 compared to 24.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The change in the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to changes in taxable income and the impact of discrete items. 
 We expect that our effective tax rate will fluctuate slightly during the remainder of fiscal 2025 as the impact of discrete items and other permanent differences are recognized during the year; however, our tax rate can be impacted by various book to tax differences and fluctuations in our stock price that occur during the year which are difficult to forecast. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 Our primary liquidity and capital resource requirements are to finance the cost of our planned operating expenses and working capital (principally inventory purchases), fund capital expenditures, and service our debt, which includes any outstanding balances under our credit facility. We have generally relied on cash flow from operations to fund operating activities and we have, at times, incurred long-term debt in order to fund stock repurchases and strategic transactions. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our available liquidity was 14.6 million, which consisted of available cash and cash equivalents. This represents a decrease of 2.3 million from the 16.9 million in cash and cash equivalents as of June 30, 2024. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, our net cash used by operating activities was 0.6 million as compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 4.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, our net cash used in investing activities was 0.3 million, as a result of the purchase of fixed assets. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, our net cash used in investing activities was 1.1 million, as a result of the purchase of fixed assets. 
 Cash used in financing activities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.8 million as a result of our payment of cash dividends, repurchases of common stock, and shares purchased as payment of tax withholding upon vesting of equity awards, partially offset by proceeds from stock issued under our employee stock purchase plan. Cash used in financing activities during the three months ended September 30, 2023 was 6.7 million as a result of our payment of cash dividends, which consisted of a special one-time dividend, the repurchas e of common stock, and shares purchased as payment of tax withholding upon vesting of equity awards, partially offset by proceeds from stock issued under our employee stock purchase plan and stock option exercises. 
 At September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the total amount of our foreign subsidiary cash was 7.2 million and 7.3 million, respectively. The federal tax reform legislation that was passed into law during December 2017 enacted a 100 dividend deduction for greater than 10 owned foreign corporations. Therefore, in the future, if needed, we expect to be able to repatriate cash from foreign subsidiaries without paying additional U.S. taxes. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had working capital (current assets minus current liabilities) of 16.7 million, compared to working capital of 15.3 million at June 30, 2024. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents balances and our ongoing cash flow from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. The majority of our historical expenses have been variable in nature and as such, a potential reduction in the level of revenue would reduce our cash flow needs. In the event that our current cash balances and future cash flow from operations are not sufficient to meet our obligations or strategic needs, we would consider raising additional funds, which may not be available on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. Our 2024 Credit Facility (as defined below), provides for a revolving line of credit in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 5.0 million. We would also consider realigning our strategic plans including a reduction in capital spending and expenses. 
 Capital Resources 
 Shelf Registration Statement 
 On March 31, 2023, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the 2023 Shelf Registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC that was declared effective on April 6, 2023, which permits us to offer up to 75 million of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants in one or more offerings and in any combination, 
 22 

including in units from time to time. Our 2023 Shelf Registration is intended to provide us with additional flexibility to access capital markets for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other purposes, working capital, capital expenditures, other corporate expenses and acquisitions of assets, licenses, products, technologies or businesses. 
 2024 Credit Facility 
 On April 12, 2024, we entered into a Loan Agreement (the Loan Agreement with Bank of America, N.A., as Lender (the Lender ). In connection with the Loan Agreement and on the same date, we, Lifeline Nutraceuticals Corporation, as Guarantor (the Guarantor ), and the Lender also entered into a Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty (the Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty and a Security and Pledge Agreement (the Security and Pledge Agreement ). The Loan Agreement provides for a revolving line of credit in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 5.0 million (the Line of Credit and collectively with the Loan Agreement, the Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty and the Security and Pledge Agreement, the 2024 Credit Facility ). 
 In the event we borrow under the Line of Credit, interest will be payable commencing on the last day of each month following such borrowing until payment in full of all principal outstanding under the Line of Credit, with all unpaid principal and interest due on April 12, 2027 (the Expiration Date ). The Line of Credit will bear interest at a rate per year equal to the sum of (i) the greater of the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Daily Floating Rate (as defined in the Loan Agreement) or 0.00 , plus (ii) 2.00 . Amounts under the Line of Credit may be repaid and re-borrowed from time to time until the Expiration Date. 
 Our obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Guarantor, as further provided for in the Security and Pledge Agreement. Pursuant to the Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty, the Guarantor guarantees and promises to pay promptly to the Lender all indebtedness of the Company when due. 
 The Loan Agreement contains customary covenants, including affirmative and negative covenants that in certain circumstances restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make certain investments, purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all the assets or equity interests of other companies, or transfer any part of the business or any assets of the Company or the Guarantor. The Loan Agreement requires us to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy certain financial condition tests. 
 The Loan Agreement contains certain customary events of default, including, among other things, our failure to make required payments under the Loan Agreement, certain breaches of representations made by us or the Guarantor, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or the Guarantor, failure to have an enforceable first lien or security interest in any property given as security for the Loan Agreement, or our failure to comply with covenants set forth in the Loan Agreement. If an event of default occurs under the Loan Agreement, the obligation of the Lender to make any additional credit available to us may be terminated and the amounts outstanding may become immediately due and payable in the discretion of the Lender, provided that in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or the Guarantor, all debts outstanding under the Loan Agreement will automatically become due and payable. Upon the occurrence of any default or after maturity, all amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement will at the option of the Lender bear interest at a rate which is 2.00 higher than the rate of interest otherwise provided under the Loan Agreement. 
 As of the date of this report, we have not borrowed under the 2024 Credit Facility . 
 Commitments and Obligations 
 Please refer to Note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in this report for information regarding our contingent liabilities. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. As such, we are required to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions that we believe are reasonable based upon the information available. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. Certain of these significant accounting policies require us to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments or estimates. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if (1) the accounting estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made and (2) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, or use of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 23 

There are other items within our financial statements that require estimation but are not deemed critical as defined above. Changes in estimates used in these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements. Management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with our Board of Directors, and our audit committee has reviewed the disclosures noted below. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 We value our inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first-in first-out basis. Accordingly, we reduce our inventories for the diminution of value resulting from product obsolescence, damage or other issues affecting marketability equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its net realizable value. Factors utilized in the determination of net realizable value include: (i) current sales data and historical return rates, (ii) estimates of future demand, (iii) competitive pricing pressures, (iv) new production introductions, (v) product expiration dates, and (vi) component and packaging obsolescence. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We use the fair value approach to account for stock-based compensation in accordance with current accounting guidance. We recognize compensation costs for awards with performance conditions when we conclude it is probable that the performance conditions will be achieved. We reassess the probability of vesting at each balance sheet date and adjust compensation costs based on our probability assessment. 
 Historically, our estimates and underlying assumptions have not materially deviated from our actual reported results and rates. However, we base the assumptions we use on our best estimates, which involves inherent uncertainties based on market conditions that are outside of our control. If actual results are not consistent with the assumptions we use, the stock-based compensation expense reported in our consolidated financial statements may not be representative of the actual economic cost of stock-based compensation. For example, if actual employee forfeitures significantly differ from our estimated forfeitures, we may be required to adjust our consolidated financial statements in future periods. 
 Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes includes income from U.S. and foreign subsidiaries taxed at statutory rates, the accrual or release of amounts for tax uncertainties, and U.S. tax impacts of foreign income in the U.S. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities on the financial statements and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets also are recognized for net operating losses and credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted rates applicable to taxable income in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse and the credits are expected to be used. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. An assessment is made as to whether or not a valuation allowance is required to offset deferred tax assets. This assessment requires estimates as to future operating results, as well as an evaluation of the effectiveness of our tax planning strategies. These estimates are made on an ongoing basis based upon our business plans and growth strategies in each market and consequently, future material changes in the valuation allowance are possible. The valuation allowance reduces the deferred tax assets to an amount that management determined is more-likely-than-not to be realized. 
 We operate in and file income tax returns in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions with complex tax laws and regulations, which are subject to examination by tax authorities. The complexity of our global structure requires specialized knowledge and judgment in determining the application of tax laws in various jurisdictions. Years open to examination contain matters that could be subject to differing interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations related to the amount and/or timing of income, deductions, and tax credits. We account for uncertain tax positions in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 740, Income Taxes. This guidance prescribes a minimum probability threshold that a tax position must meet before a financial statement benefit is recognized. The minimum threshold is defined as a tax position that is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 
 Interest and penalties related to tax contingency or settlement items are recorded as a component of the provision for income taxes in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. We record accruals for tax contingencies as a component of accrued liabilities or other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 This item is not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 24 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is (a) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and (b) accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness and design and operation of such disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were designed and operating effectively as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 An evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, was also performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter. That evaluation did not identify any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 PART II. Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 7 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contained within this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of our legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part I. Item 1A Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, filed on August 28, 2024. The risks and uncertainties described in such risk factors and elsewhere in this report have the potential to materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, projected results and future prospects. We do not believe that there have been any material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our recent SEC filings, including our most recently filed Form 10-K, as referenced above. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The following table provides information with respect to all purchases of our common stock made by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser, as defined in Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, during the three months ended 
 25 

September 30, 2024. All purchases listed below were made in the open market at prevailing market prices. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 July 1 - July 31 37,396 7.04 37,396 20,158,126 August 1 - August 31 54,180 8.17 54,180 19,715,233 September 1 - September 30 48,304 8.44 48,304 19,307,478 Total 139,880 139,880 
 1. On November 27, 2017, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program, as amended on February 1, 2019, August 27, 2020, February 17, 2022, and June 12, 2023. Under the program, we are authorized to repurchase up to 60.0 million of our outstanding shares through December 31, 2026. The repurchase program permits us to purchase shares from time to time through a variety of methods, including in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or other means as determined by our management, in accordance with applicable securities laws. As part of the repurchase program, we have authorized a pre-arranged stock repurchase plan which operates in accordance with guidelines specified under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Accordingly, any transactions under such stock repurchase plan will be completed in accordance with the terms of the plan, including specified price, volume and timing conditions. The authorization may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the three months ended Septemb er 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) informed the Company of , modification or o f a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 26 

Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Document Description Filed Herewith or Incorporate by Reference From 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on March 9, 2018 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2018. 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws, dates as of August 9, 2019 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 15, 2019. 3.3 Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Registrant 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2023. 31.1 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 Filed herewith. 31.2 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 Filed herewith. 32.1 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Furnished herewith. 32.2 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Furnished herewith. 101 The following financial information from the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL (extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024; (ii) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iii) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iv) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; and (v) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text. Filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 Filed herewith 
 This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing 
 
 27 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION Date: October 29, 2024 /s/ Steven R. Fife Steven R. Fife President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 29, 2024 /s/ Carl A. Aure Carl A. Aure Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 lfvn_93024xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Steven R. Fife, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of LifeVantage Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 s Steven R. Fife Steven R. Fife President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 lfvn_93024xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Carl A. Aure, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of LifeVantage Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 s Carl A. Aure Carl A. Aure Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 lfvn_93024xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the filing of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of LifeVantage Corporation (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the report ), I, Steven R. Fife, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1) The report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2) The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 Date October 29, 2024 s Steven R. Fife Steven R. Fife President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 lfvn_93024xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the filing of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of LifeVantage Corporation (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the report ), I, Carl A. Aure, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1) The report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2) The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 Date October 29, 2024 s Carl A. Aure Carl A. Aure Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lfvn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lfvn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lfvn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lfvn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lfvn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

