<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1728117_0001728117-24-000092.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6747565</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114272</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1315450</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1903293</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1843707</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1468674</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001728117-24-000092.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107160134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001728117-24-000092
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gossamer Bio, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001728117
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				475461709
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38796
		FILM NUMBER:		241435386

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3013 SCIENCE PARK
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 922-0718

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3013 SCIENCE PARK
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001728117-24-000092.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 goss-20240930.htm
 10-Q

goss-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 - 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________ 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________to_________. 
 Commission File Number: 
 _________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter). 
 _________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 , 
 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 As of November 4, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock 0.0001 par value) outstanding. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 8 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 Item 4 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 36 
 Item 2 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 36 
 Item 3 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 36 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 Item 5 
 Other Information 
 37 
 Item 6 
 Exhibits 
 37 
 Exhibit Index 
 38 
 Signatures 
 39 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 
 
 GOSSAMER BIO, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and par value amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS (unaudited) Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Receivable from contracts with collaborators Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued research and development expenses Current portion of long-term debt Current contract liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term convertible senior notes Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities - long-term Long-term contract liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 
 par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 GOSSAMER BIO, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Revenue from sale of licenses Revenue from contracts with collaborators Total revenue Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income, net Total other income, net Loss before provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain on marketable securities Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 GOSSAMER BIO, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total stockholders' equity Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock pursuant to Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of common stock for restricted stock units vested Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock for restricted stock units vested Grant of equity option pursuant to Chiesi Collaboration Agreement Net income Other comprehensive income Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock pursuant to Employee Stock Purchase Plan Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total stockholders' equity (deficit) Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Vesting of restricted stock Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock pursuant to Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of common stock for restricted stock units vested Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock for restricted stock units vested Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with a private offering, net of offering costs of 
 Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock pursuant to Employee Stock Purchase Plan Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 GOSSAMER BIO, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Stock-based compensation expense Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Amortization of long-term debt discount and issuance costs Amortization of premium on marketable securities, net of accretion of discounts ) ) Loss on disposal of property and equipment Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivable from contracts with collaborators ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other assets Operating lease liabilities ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) ) Accrued research and development expenses ) Accrued compensation and benefits ) ) Contract liabilities Accrued interest expense Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of marketable securities ) ) Maturities of marketable securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock and common warrants in a private offering, net of offering costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to Employee Stock Purchase Plan Proceeds from grant of equity option pursuant to Chiesi Collaboration Agreement Principal repayments of long-term debt ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, at the beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents, at the end of the period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Operating lease right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for lease liability Change in unrealized gain on marketable securities, net 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 GOSSAMER BIO, INC. 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1 - 
 million. 
 From the Company s inception through September 30, 2024, the Company has funded its operations primarily through equity and debt financings and the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement (as defined in Note 10 below). 
 The Company expects to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. As a result, the Company will need to raise additional capital through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. Management believes that it has sufficient working capital on hand to fund operations through at least the next 12 months from the date these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in acquiring additional funding, that the Company s projections of its future working capital needs will prove accurate, or that any additional funding would be sufficient to continue operations in future years. 
 operating segment. 
 
 Note 2 - 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 10 

Table of Contents 

 Shares issuable upon exercise of stock options Shares issuable upon exercise of Equity Option granted to Chiesi Shares issuable upon exercise of warrants Non-vested shares under restricted stock grants Total potentially dilutive securities 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3 - 
 - 
 Computer equipment Software Lab equipment - 
 Leasehold improvements - 
 Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 the Company recorded approximately million and million, respectively, in depreciation expense, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded approximately million and million, respectively, in depreciation expense, which is included in general and administrative expense and research and development expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities Accrued consulting fees Accrued interest Accrued legal fees Accrued accounting fees Accrued in process research and development Accrued income tax Accrued other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Note 4 - 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Treasury and agency securities Commercial paper Corporate debt securities As of December 31, 2023 Money market funds U.S. Treasury and agency securities Commercial paper Corporate debt securities 
 The Company did not reclassify any investments between levels in the fair value hierarchy during the periods presented. 
 Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying amounts of the Company s financial instruments, which include cash, prepaid and other current assets, interest receivable, accrued research and development expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities, approximate fair values because of their short-term maturities. 
 There was million of interest receivable as of September 30, 2024, and there was significant interest receivable as of December 31, 2023. Interest receivable is recorded as a component of prepaid expenses and other current assets on the condensed balance sheets. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Company s 2027 Notes was million and million, respectively. The fair value was determined on the basis of market prices observable for similar instruments and is considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy (see Note 5). 
 Available for Sale Investments 
 The Company invests its excess cash in U.S. Treasury and agency securities, corporate debt securities, and commercial paper, which are classified as available-for-sale investments. These investments are carried at fair value and are included in the tables below. The Company evaluates securities with unrealized losses to determine whether such losses, if any, are due to credit-related factors. Realized gains and losses are calculated using the specific identification method and recorded in other income, net in the Company's condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recover of their amortized cost basis. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate debt securities Commercial paper ) Total marketable securities ) Number of securities with unrealized losses As of December 31, 2023 U.S. Treasury and agency securities ) Corporate debt securities Commercial paper ) Total marketable securities ) Number of securities with unrealized losses 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company classified million and million, respectively, of assets with original maturities of 90 days or less as cash and cash equivalents. 
 At each reporting date, the Company performs an evaluation of impairment to determine if any unrealized losses are due to credit-related factors. The Company records an allowance for credit losses when unrealized losses are due to credit-related factors. Factors considered when evaluating available-for-sale investments for impairment include the severity of the impairment, changes in underlying credit ratings, the financial condition of the issuer, the probability that the scheduled cash payments will continue to be made and the Company s intent and ability to hold the investment until recovery of the amortized cost basis. The Company intends and has the ability to hold its investments in unrealized loss positions until their amortized cost basis has been recovered. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no material declines in the market value of the Company s available-for-sale investments due to credit-related factors. 
 Greater than one year Total 

Note 5 - 
 million in term loan commitments, including a million term loan that was funded at the closing date, with the ability to access the remaining million in additional tranches (each million), subject to specified availability periods, the achievement of certain clinical development milestones, minimum cash requirements and other customary conditions. On May 3, 2024, the Credit Facility was terminated and the Company recorded a million payment of the outstanding debt balance in full and discharged, which released the Company from the obligations under the Credit Facility, and Lenders security interests in the Company s assets and property were released. Unamortized debt discount 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Debt, non-current portion Total debt Less: unamortized debt discount and issuance costs ) Debt, net 
 
 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 
 On May 21, 2020, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2027 in a public offering (the "2027 Notes"). The 2027 Notes were registered pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020. The interest rate on the 2027 Notes is fixed at per annum. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on December 1, 2020. The 2027 Notes will mature on June 1, 2027. The net proceeds from the offering, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs, were approximately million. The 2027 Notes may be settled in cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination thereof, solely at the Company s election. The initial conversion rate of the 2027 Notes is 61.6095 shares per 1,000 principal amount, which is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately per share, subject to adjustments. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date or if the Company issues a notice of redemption, the Company will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 2027 Notes in connection with such a corporate event during the related redemption period in certain circumstances. 
 The 2027 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company, ranking senior in right of payment to any of the Company s indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2027 Notes, and are effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness, including all indebtedness under the Credit Facility. 
 Holders may convert their notes at their option only in the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) commencing after the calendar quarter ending on September 30, 2020, if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds of the conversion price for each of at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (2) during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period (such consecutive trading day period, the measurement period in which the trading price per principal amount of notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on the Company s common stock; (4) if the Company calls such notes for redemption; and (5) at any time from, and including, March 1, 2027 until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. 
 The Company will not have the right to redeem the 2027 Notes prior to June 6, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not redeemed the 2027 Notes. On or after June 6, 2024 and on or before the th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, the Company may redeem the 2027 Notes, in whole or in part, if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect on (1) each of at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (2) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. In the case of any optional redemption, the Company will redeem the 2027 Notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of such Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 If the Company undergoes a fundamental change prior to the maturity date of the 2027 Notes, holders of the 2027 Notes may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of their 2027 Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 in aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes then outstanding may declare the unpaid principal amount of the 2027 Notes and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon immediately due and payable. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. In the case of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, the principal amount of the 2027 Notes together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon will automatically become and be immediately due and payable. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were no events or market conditions that would allow holders to convert the 2027 Notes. When the 2027 Notes become convertible within 12 months of the balance sheet date, the carrying value of the 2027 Notes will be reclassified to short-term. 
 The Company recorded million of the debt issuance costs related to the 2027 Notes as a reduction to the liability and amortizes these costs to interest expense over the term of the 2027 Notes. 
 Unamortized debt discount ) ) Unamortized debt issuance cost ) ) Net carrying amount 
 
 Amortization of debt discount Amortization of debt issuance cost Total interest expense related to the 2027 Notes 
 
 Note 6 - 
 from the date of first commercial sale or when there is no longer a valid patent claim covering such licensed product or specified regulatory exclusivity for the licensed product in such country. The Company is obligated to make future development 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million, which includes a payment of million due upon the initiation of a Phase 3 clinical trial in a second indication, commercial milestone payments of up to million, and sales milestone payments of up to million. The Company is also obligated to pay tiered royalties on sales for each licensed product, at percentages ranging from the mid-single digits to the high single-digits. In addition, if the Company chooses to sublicense or assign to any third parties its rights under the agreement with respect to a licensed product, or the Company s seralutinib operating subsidiary undergoes a change of control, the Company must pay to Pulmokine a specified percentage of all revenue to be received in connection with such transaction. The Company made an upfront payment of million in October 2017. The Company made a milestone payment of million in connection with the initiation of the first Phase 2 clinical trial of seralutinib in January 2021 and made a milestone payment of million in connection with the initiation of the Phase 3 clinical trial of seralutinib in January 2024. The Company recognized these milestone payments as research and development expense on its condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As of September 30, 2024, other milestones had been accrued as the underlying contingencies had not yet been met. 
 
 Note 7 - 
 vote. Common stock owners are entitled to dividends when funds are legally available and declared by the Company's board of directors. 
 Private Placement Financing 
 On July 24, 2023, the Company completed a private placement of shares of the Company s common stock and accompanying warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company's common stock at a combined purchase price of per share and accompanying warrant, or with respect to any purchaser that was an officer, director, employee or consultant of the Company, per share and accompanying warrant. Each warrant has an exercise price per share of , was immediately exercisable on the date of issuance and will expire from the closing of the private placement. The aggregate gross proceeds for the private placement were million, before deducting offering expenses, which equaled million. On August 18, 2023, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-3 registering the shares of common stock and shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants issued in the private placement, which registration statement was declared effective on August 28, 2023. 
 Chiesi Equity Option 
 On May 3, 2024, pursuant to the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement (as defined in Note 10 below) the Company granted to Chiesi (as defined in Note 10 below) an option to purchase directly from the Company, on one or more occasions, up to an aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock (the "Equity Option") such that immediately following such issuance, Chiesi s beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock shall not exceed of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. The Equity Option shall be exercisable by Chiesi, in whole or in part, at any time prior to the earliest to occur of the date on which (a) the last patient is last dosed in either (i) the PROSERA Phase 3 study for PAH or (ii) a Phase 3 clinical trial for the PH-ILD Indication, (b) any third party commences a tender offer or exchange offer for more than of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, and (c) the Company publicly announces its intent to consummate a GB002, Inc. change of control. The purchase price of each share the Company s common stock subject to the Equity Option shall be equal to of the daily volume-weighted average per share price of the Company s common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market over the -trading day period ending on and including the last trading day prior to the date on which Chiesi delivers an exercise notice to the Company; provided that such purchase price shall be no less than per share. The shares of the Company s common stock to be issued will be issued in a private placement in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering, pursuant to the terms of a stock issuance agreement to be entered into between the Company and Chiesi in connection with each such exercise of the Equity Option. The Company evaluated the Equity Option granted to Chiesi as consideration payable to a customer and determined it qualified under ASC 718. Due to the market condition included in the Equity Option, the company used the Geometric Brownian Motion/Monte Carlo model to determine fair market value. The value of the Equity Option is million, which is included in additional paid-in capital on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Note 8 - 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 shares of the Company s common stock for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2023 Inducement Plan. As of September 30, 2024, an aggregate of shares of common stock were available for issuance under the 2023 Inducement Plan, and shares of common stock were subject to outstanding awards under the 2023 Inducement Plan. 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 In January 2019, the Company s board of directors and stockholders approved and adopted the 2019 Incentive Award Plan (the 2019 Plan ). The 2019 Plan became effective on February 6, 2019, the day prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement filed in connection with the IPO. Under the 2019 Plan, the Company may grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and other stock or cash-based awards to individuals who are then employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Company, and employees and consultants of the Company s subsidiaries. A total of shares of common stock were approved to be initially reserved for issuance under the 2019 Plan. The number of shares that remained available for issuance under the 2017 Plan (as defined below) as of the effective date of the 2019 Plan were, and shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2017 Plan as of the effective date of the 2019 Plan that are subsequently canceled, forfeited or repurchased by the Company will be, added to the shares reserved under the 2019 Plan. In addition, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan will be automatically increased on the first day of each calendar year during the term of the 2019 Plan, beginning with January 1, 2020 and ending with January 1, 2029, by an amount equal to of the outstanding number of shares of the Company s common stock on December 31 of the preceding calendar year or such lesser amount as determined by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024, an aggregate of shares of common stock were available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and shares of common stock, respectively, were subject to outstanding awards under the 2019 Plan. 
 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In January 2019, the Company s board of directors and stockholders approved and adopted the 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). The ESPP became effective as of February 6, 2019, the day prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement filed in connection with the IPO. The ESPP permits participants to purchase common stock through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation. A total of shares of common stock were approved to be initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. In addition, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP will be automatically increased on the first day of each calendar year during the first of the term of the ESPP, beginning with January 1, 2020 and ending with January 1, 2029, by an amount equal to of the outstanding number of shares of the Company s common stock on December 31 of the preceding calendar year or such lesser amount as determined by the Company s board of directors. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, shares were issued pursuant to the ESPP. As of September 30, 2024, an aggregate of shares of common stock were available for issuance under the ESPP. 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 The Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan permitted the granting of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards. Subsequent to the adoption of the 2019 Plan, no additional equity awards can be made under the 2017 Plan. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and shares of common stock, respectively, were subject to outstanding options under the 2017 Plan. As of September 30, 2024, shares of restricted stock awards granted under the 2017 Plan were unvested. 
 Stock Options 
 The fair value of each employee and non-employee time-vested stock option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company uses its own volatility to the extent it has sufficient trading history, and for awards in which sufficient trading history is not available, a peer group is used. Due to the lack of historical exercise history, the expected term of the Company s stock options for employees has been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards. The expected term of stock options granted to non-employees is equal to the contractual term of the option award. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 based on the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends and does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 On May 5, 2023, the Company granted to its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer options with an exercise price of per share. This grant contains both service and market based vesting conditions. The awards vest on the later of the date of achievement and the anniversary of the grant date. The market condition becomes satisfied in , and tranches upon achieving the average per-share closing price of the Company's common stock over any consecutive calendar days following the grant date equal to or exceeding , and , respectively. In the event a stock price tranche has not vested prior to the fourth anniversary of the grant date, any portion of the option attributable to such tranche will be forfeited. Due to the market condition included in this grant, the Company used the Geometric Brownian Motion/Monte Carlo model to value this award. The total stock-based compensation expense related to this award is million, which is included in general and administrative expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company expects to recognize this expense over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 Effective May 5, 2023, and in accordance with the terms of the 2019 Plan, the Company's board of directors approved a stock option repricing (the Option Repricing whereby the exercise price of each Eligible Option (as defined below) was immediately reduced to per share, the closing stock price on May 5, 2023. For purposes of the Option Repricing, Eligible Options are outstanding stock options as of May 5, 2023 (vested or unvested) granted under the 2019 Plan prior to November 30, 2022 and held by those eligible employees of the Company identified by the Company's board of directors, including the Company s executive officers except for the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
 The participation of the executive officers of the Company in the Option Repricing was subject to their agreement to cancel a portion of their Eligible Options effective immediately (the Cancelled Options ). Each executive was required to agree to cancel one-third of his or her Eligible Options, on a grant-by-grant basis. The Cancelled Options were deducted proportionately from the vested and unvested portions of each Repriced Option grant. 
 To the extent an Eligible Option is exercised prior to the Premium End Date (as defined below), or the eligible employee s employment terminates prior to the Premium End Date, the eligible employee will be required to pay the original exercise price per share of the Eligible Options in connection with any exercise of the Eligible Option. The Premium End Date means the earliest of (i) May 5, 2024, (ii) the date of a change in control, (iii) the eligible employee s death or disability, or (iv) if an eligible employee is an executive subject to the cancellation of a portion of Eligible Options and is terminated under circumstances giving rise to severance under his or her employment agreement, the date of such termination. Except for the reduction in the exercise prices of the Eligible Options as described above, the Eligible Options will retain their existing terms and conditions as set forth in the 2019 Plan and the applicable award agreements. 
 The repricing resulted in million of incremental cost, which was calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, of which million of the incremental cost was recognized immediately, and million of the incremental cost will be recognized on the straight-line basis over the remaining vesting period of the repriced options. The incremental cost is included in general and administrative expense and research and development expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Options granted Options exercised Options forfeited/cancelled ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Options vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 Options exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 since no stock options were exercised during these periods. 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value per share for the stock option grants during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 
 The aggregate fair value of stock options that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 Warrants 
 On July 24, 2023, the Company completed a private placement of shares of the Company s common stock and accompanying warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company's common stock at a combined purchase price of per share and accompanying warrant, or with respect to any purchaser that was an officer, director, employee or consultant of the Company, per share and accompanying warrant. Each warrant has an exercise price per share of , was immediately exercisable on the date of issuance and will expire from the closing of the private placement. 
 Given that the warrants are indexed to the Company's shares of common stock (and otherwise meet the requirements to be classified in equity), the Company recorded the consideration received from the issuance of the warrants as additional paid-in capital on the Company's unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were warrants outstanding. 
 Restricted Stock 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Nonvested at September 30, 2024 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the unvested restricted stock awards. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 As of September 30, 2024, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested stock option awards granted was million, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to the ESPP was million, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Note 9 - 
 increase each subsequent year. Costs determined to be variable and not based on an index or rate were not included in the measurement of the operating lease liabilities. 
 On July 9, 2024, the Company entered into a lease agreement for office space located at 3115 Merryfield Row, Suite 120, San Diego, CA 92121, consisting of approximately square feet. The term of the lease is months commencing on August 1, 2024. The base rent is per month effective October 1, 2024, and it is subject to a annual increase every October. The lease expires on October 31, 2029 with an option for a one -year extension and an option to terminate on December 1, 2027 with the payment of a termination fee equal to four months of the then-current base rent upon the termination date. 
 Monthly rent expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the leases. The operating leases are included in the condensed consolidated balance sheets at the present value of the lease payments at an incremental borrowing rate of for each of the initial leased space and expansion space and for the office lease commenced on August 1, 2024 using the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment as the leases do not provide an implicit rate. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average remaining lease term was years. 
 Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively, and cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Total undiscounted rent payments Present value discount ) Present value of lease payments Current portion of operating lease liabilities (included as a component of accrued expenses and other current liabilities) Operating lease liabilities - long-term Total operating lease liability 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, in rent expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded approximately million and million, respectively, in rent expense. Rent expense is included in research and development and general and administrative expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Note 10 - 
 distinct performance obligations under the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement: the U.S. Territory license (as defined below), the ROW Territory license (as defined below), and the research and development services of both PAH and PH-ILD clinical development. Revenue associated with the licenses was recognized upon delivery in May 2024. In addition, the Company granted to Chiesi an option to purchase the Equity Option, as described in Note 7. "Stockholders Equity." 
 The collaboration is focused on the development and commercialization of seralutinib and licensed products including seralutinib and related licensed compounds Licensed Products in the U.S. U.S. Territory and the rest of the world ROW Territory ), for therapeutic, prophylactic and diagnostic uses in humans and animals, for the treatment of PAH and PH-ILD and other indications, as may be permitted under the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement. 
 Pursuant to the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement, the Company granted exclusive, sublicensable (with the Company s consent required in the U.S. Territory for third party sublicenses) licenses to Chiesi under intellectual property rights controlled by the Company relating to seralutinib and Licensed Products, for the worldwide development, manufacture and commercialization of seralutinib and Licensed Products. The licenses granted to Chiesi are subject to retained rights of the Company for the worldwide development and manufacture of seralutinib and Licensed Products, commercialization of Licensed Products in the U.S. Territory, and performance of its obligations and exercise of its rights that may be set forth in the global development plan and US commercialization plan, in each case in accordance with the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement. 
 The parties agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct development and commercialization activities in relation to seralutinib and Licensed Products, under the global development plan and US commercialization plan in accordance with the timelines therein. The Company will continue to lead global development of seralutinib in PAH and PH-ILD, and the parties will equally share the costs for the activities included in the global development plan for all Licensed Products, with the exception of the PROSERA Phase 3 study, which the Company will be solely responsible for conducting at the Company s own 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 percent of commercial efforts, including performing percent of the commercialization activities. Chiesi will lead commercialization in the US Territory in additional indications, and Chiesi will have the exclusive right to commercialize Licensed Products in the ROW Territory. Chiesi further agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to commercialize Licensed Products in certain specified countries in the ROW Territory following receipt of regulatory approvals. Generally, the Company will have the right to lead in manufacturing commercial supply of seralutinib and Licensed Products for the U.S. Territory for PAH and PH-ILD, and, subject to any existing obligations of the Company to third party manufacturers, Chiesi will have the right to lead in manufacturing commercial supply of seralutinib and Licensed Products in the ROW Territory, in each case in accordance with the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement. 
 Pursuant to the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement, neither party nor its affiliates is permitted to develop or commercialize any compound or product throughout the term whose primary mechanism of action is inhibition of a tyrosine kinase for the treatment of PAH or PH-ILD in the U.S. Territory or ROW Territory, subject to certain restrictions for the EU and UK. 
 In consideration and as reimbursement for the Company s development costs, Chiesi agreed to pay the Company an up-front, nonrefundable payment of million. Additionally, the Company will be eligible to receive up to million in regulatory milestones and million in sales milestones. In the U.S. Territory, the parties agreed to share commercial profits and losses equally. In the ROW Territory, Chiesi will pay the Company an escalating mid-to-high teens percentage royalty on net sales of Licensed Product for PAH and additional indications on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product and country-by-country basis with such payment obligations beginning on the first commercial sale of Licensed Product in such country and expiring on a country-by-country basis on the latest of (a) the expiration of a valid claim to a the Company patent right in such country, (b) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity, and (c) the date that is years after the first commercial sale of such Licensed Product in such country. 
 Potential future payments for variable consideration, such as regulatory and commercial milestones, development costs, and profit sharing U.S. Territory will be recognized when it is probable that, if recorded, a significant reversal will not take place. Potential future royalty payments will be recorded as revenue when the associated sales occur. 
 Unless earlier terminated, the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement will remain in force until no Licensed Products are being developed or commercialized in the US Territory and in the ROW Territory, on a country-by-country basis, until no royalty terms are in effect for all countries. Either party may terminate the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement for the other party s material breach, subject to a specified notice and cure periods, or due to an insolvency event of the other party. In lieu of termination upon a party s material breach due to non-payment of development costs within a specified time the non-breaching party may elect an alternative remedy which may involve modifications to their performance and payment obligations. The Company has the right to terminate by providing written notice in the event Chiesi or its affiliates or sublicensee brings a patent challenge and Chiesi does not take certain steps to withdraw from or cease supporting such challenge. Chiesi may terminate the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement without cause upon prior written notice to the Company, subject to a notice period in which all rights to Licensed Products and Licensed Compounds will revert back to the Company. 
 The foregoing description of the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement, a copy of which was filed as an exhibit to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 The Company concluded that progress towards completion of the research and development services performance obligation related to the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement is best measured in an amount proportional to the collaboration expenses incurred and the total estimated collaboration expenses. The Company periodically reviews and updates the estimated collaboration expenses, when appropriate, which may adjust revenue recognized for the period. While such changes to the Company s estimates have no impact on the Company s reported cash flows, the amount of revenue recorded in the period could be materially impacted. The transaction price to be recognized as revenue from sale of licenses and revenue from contracts with collaborators under the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement consists of the one-time non-refundable and non-creditable development cost reimbursement payment and research and development costs. The transaction price was reduced by the fair value of the Equity Option. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company determined the transaction price pursuant to the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement is equal to the one-time development cost reimbursement payment of million less the fair market value of the Equity Option of million. The 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 distinct performance obligations. The licenses and associated know-how were transferred to Chiesi in June 2024, therefore the Company recognized the full revenue related to this performance obligation in the amount of million during the quarter ended June 30, 2024 as revenue from sale of licenses on its condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Research and Development Services . The progress towards completion of the performance obligations related to the research and development services for the Licensed Products is measured in an amount proportional to the research and development expenses incurred and the total estimated research and development expenses. In addition, the Company and Chiesi share equally in the costs of ongoing global seralutinib clinical development, with the exception of the PROSERA Phase 3 study, and the costs of commercialization in the US. The Company records the revenue from performing research and development services and the cost-sharing payments due from Chiesi as revenue from contracts with collaborators on its condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, for the PAH and PH-ILD research and development performance obligations. 
 Milestone Payments. The Company determined that as of September 30, 2024, all the potential milestone payments are probable of significant revenue reversal as their achievement is highly dependent on factors outside the Company's control or are otherwise constrained under the sales and usage based royalty exception. Therefore, these payments have been fully constrained and are therefore not included in the transaction price. At the end of each subsequent reporting period, the Company will re-evaluate the probability of achievement of each milestone and any related constraint. No milestone payments were recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Royalties. As the licenses are deemed to be the predominant item to which sales-based royalties relate, the Company will recognize revenue when the related sales occur. No royalty revenue was recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Payments received in advance Revenue from sale of US license ) Revenue from sale of ROW license ) Revenue from PAH research and development service performance obligations satisfied during reporting period ) Revenue from PH-ILD research and development service performance obligations satisfied during reporting period ) Equity Option granted to Chiesi ) Effect of exchange rate changes on contract liabilities Balance, September 30, 2024 
 As of September 30, 2024, the contract liability amount of million represents the aggregate transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied under the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement. This amount is expected to be recognized over years, which represents the remaining research period under the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the current contract liability balance of million is classified as a current liability since the rights to the research and development service are expected to be satisfied within one year, and the remaining contract liability balance of million is classified as a long-term liability. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 million in accounts receivable associated with the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement. 
 ROW License Over Time: Revenue from PAH research and development service performance obligation satisfied during reporting period Revenue from PH-ILD research and development service performance obligation satisfied during reporting period Revenue from PAH research and development costs subject to reimbursement Revenue from PH-ILD research and development costs subject to reimbursement Effect of exchange rate changes on revenue ) Total revenue from Chiesi Collaboration Agreement 

Note 11 - 
 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to a full valuation. We recorded income tax expense discretely for the three months ended June 30, 2024, related to the treatment of the Chiesi income and a partial release of the valuation allowance. Total tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was million, and total tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. Tax benefit will be recorded in the quarter ended December 31, 2024 related to the forecasted net operating losses and tax credits. 
 The effective income tax rate was ) and during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The provision for income taxes during interim quarterly reporting periods is based on our estimates of the effective tax rates for the full fiscal year. The effective tax rate in any quarter can also be affected positively or negatively by adjustments that are required to be reported discretely in the quarter. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was favorably impacted by an increase in pre-tax book loss. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis and the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both of which are contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on March 5, 2024. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this quarterly report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, including performance under the collaboration agreement with Chiesi and the potential future issuance of our common stock to Chiesi pursuant to the equity option, business strategies and plans, research and development plans, the anticipated timing, costs, design and conduct of our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and planned clinical trials for seralutinib, the timing and likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals for seralutinib, timing and likelihood of success, plans and objectives of management for future operations and future results of seralutinib, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this quarterly report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this quarterly report and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this report, Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024, and Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our subsequently filed quarterly reports. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, which is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of seralutinib for the treatment of PAH and PH-ILD. Our goal is to be an industry leader in, and to enhance the lives of patients living with PH. In May 2024, we entered into a global collaboration and license agreement, or the collaboration agreement, for seralutinib with Chiesi. In December 2022, we announced positive topline results from the Phase 2 TORREY Study in PAH patients. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we initiated the registrational Phase 3 PROSERA Study in PAH. We expect to report topline data from the PROSERA study in the fourth quarter of 2025. In addition to PAH, we believe that seralutinib holds potential as a therapeutic for the treatment of PH-ILD. We expect to commence a registrational Phase 3 trial in PH-ILD in the middle of 2025. We have assembled a deeply experienced and highly skilled group of industry veterans, scientists, clinicians and key opinion leaders from leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, as well as leading academic centers from around the world. Our employees are a team of highly dedicated, passionate individuals who pride themselves on a culture of respect, humility, transparency, inclusion, dedication, collaboration and fun. Our ultimate goal is to enhance and extend the lives of patients. 
 We were incorporated in October 2015 and commenced operations in 2017. To date, we have focused primarily on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, identifying, acquiring and in-licensing our product candidates and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials. We have funded our operations primarily through equity and debt financings and the collaboration agreement. We raised 1,394.4 million from October 2017 through September 30, 2024 through the sale of Series A and Series B convertible preferred stock, issuance of convertible notes, proceeds from our 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 IPO, completed in February 2019, proceeds from our 2027 Notes (as defined below), issuance of common stock in May 2020 and July 2022, issuance of common stock and accompanying warrants in July 2023 and entry into the collaboration agreement in May 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had 327.0 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our net loss was 30.8 million and 40.0 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our net loss was 23.5 million and 131.7 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 1,235.5 million. We expect to incur expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future as we continue our development of and seek regulatory approvals for seralutinib, including the conduct of ongoing and planned clinical trials and other research and development activities; and as we hire additional personnel, protect our intellectual property and incur additional costs associated with being a public company. In addition, as seralutinib progresses through development and toward commercialization, we will need to make milestone payments to Pulmokine from whom we have in-licensed seralutinib. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending in particular on the timing of our clinical trials and preclinical studies and our expenditures on other research and development activities. 
 On May 3, 2024, we announced a strategic global partnership with Chiesi. Under the terms of the collaboration agreement, we granted Chiesi exclusive licenses for the worldwide development, manufacture and commercialization of seralutinib and licensed products and an equity option to purchase our common stock. The total potential transaction value includes the one-time 160.0 million development cost reimbursement payment for licenses, research and development funding, and certain regulatory and commercial milestones. The Company is also eligible for double-digit royalties in the mid-to-high teens percentage on tiers of annual net sales outside of the U.S. and to an equal share of profits and losses from the commercialization of seralutinib and licensed products in the U.S. 
 We do not expect to generate any revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete development and obtain regulatory approval for seralutinib, which we expect will take a number of years. If we obtain regulatory approval for seralutinib, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution. Accordingly, until such time as we can generate substantial product revenues to support our cost structure, if ever, we expect to finance our cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potentially collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. However, we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all. Our failure to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and on our ability to pursue our business plans and strategies. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, limit, reduce or terminate seralutinib development or future commercialization efforts or grant additional rights to develop and market seralutinib even if we would otherwise prefer to retain such rights. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 To date, we have generated all of our revenues from our collaboration agreement with Chiesi. Our revenue consists of a one-time development cost reimbursement payment for licenses and ongoing cost-sharing payments for performance of research and development services. 
 In the future, we may generate revenue from a combination of license fees and other upfront payments, other funded research and development agreements, milestone payments, product sales, other third-party funding, US profit/loss share and royalties in connection with strategic alliances. We expect that any revenue we generate will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter as a result of the timing of performance of research and development services, the timing of our achievement of regulatory and commercialization milestones, the timing and amount of payments relating to such milestones and the extent to which any of our products are approved and successfully commercialized. If we are unable to fund our development costs or we are unable to develop product candidates in a timely manner or obtain regulatory approval for them, our ability to generate future revenues and our results of operations and financial position would be adversely affected. 
 Operating expenses 
 Research and development 
 Research and development expenses relate primarily to preclinical and clinical development of seralutinib and discovery efforts, as well as our discontinued clinical product candidates. Research and development expenses are recognized as incurred 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 and payments made prior to the receipt of goods or services to be used in research and development are capitalized until the goods or services are received. 
 Research and development expenses include or could include: 
 salaries, payroll taxes, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation charges for those individuals involved in research and development efforts; 
 external research and development expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations, or CROs, investigative sites and consultants to conduct our clinical trials and preclinical and non-clinical studies; 
 laboratory supplies; 
 costs related to manufacturing our product candidates for clinical trials and preclinical studies, including fees paid to third-party manufacturers; 
 costs related to compliance with regulatory requirements; and 
 facilities, depreciation and other allocated expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent, maintenance of facilities, insurance, equipment and other supplies. 
 Our direct research and development expenses consist principally of external costs, such as fees paid to CROs, investigative sites and consultants in connection with our clinical trials, preclinical and non-clinical studies, and costs related to manufacturing clinical trial materials. We deploy our personnel and facility related resources across all of our research and development activities. We track external costs and personnel expense on a program-by-program basis and allocate common expenses, such as facility related resources, to each program based on the personnel resources allocated to such program. Stock-based compensation and personnel and common expenses not attributable to a specific program are considered unallocated research and development expenses. We categorize Terminated Programs as any research and development expenses attributable to our clinical stage product candidates that were terminated prior to December 31, 2023. 
 We expect to incur research and development expenses for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of seralutinib. We cannot determine with certainty the timing of initiation, the duration or the completion costs of current or future preclinical studies and clinical trials of seralutinib due to the inherently unpredictable nature of preclinical and clinical development. Clinical and preclinical development timelines, the probability of success and development costs can differ materially from expectations. We anticipate that we will make determinations as to how much funding to direct to seralutinib on an ongoing basis in response to the results of ongoing and future preclinical studies and clinical trials, regulatory developments and our ongoing assessments as to seralutinib's commercial potential. We will need to raise substantial additional capital in the future. 
 Our clinical development costs may vary significantly based on factors such as: 
 per patient trial costs; 
 the number of trials required for approval; 
 the number of sites included in the trials; 
 the countries in which the trials are conducted; 
 the length of time required to enroll eligible patients; 
 the number of patients that participate in the trials; 
 the number of doses that patients receive; 
 the drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients; 
 potential additional safety monitoring requested by regulatory agencies; 
 the duration of patient participation in the trials and follow-up; 
 the cost and timing of manufacturing seralutinib; 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 the costs incurred as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and clinical site staff shortages, including clinical trial delays; 
 the phase 3 stage of development for seralutinib; and 
 the efficacy and safety profile of seralutinib. 
 General and administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel in executive, finance and other administrative functions. Other significant costs include facility-related costs, legal fees relating to intellectual property and corporate matters, professional fees for accounting and consulting services and insurance costs. 
 We expect to incur general and administrative expenses for the foreseeable future to support our current infrastructure and continued costs of operating as a public company. These expenses will likely include audit, legal, regulatory, and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance with exchange listing and SEC requirements, director and officer insurance premiums, and investor relations costs associated with operating as a public company. 
 Other income, net 
 Other income, net consists of (1) interest income on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, (2) investment accretion, (3) interest expense related to our Credit Facility and our 2027 Notes, (4) research and development tax credit and (5) other miscellaneous income. 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 Our tax provision or benefit from income taxes for interim periods is determined using an estimate of our annual effective tax rate, adjusted for discrete items, if any, that are taken into account in the relevant period. Each quarter we update our estimate of the annual effective tax rate, and if our estimated tax rate changes, we make a cumulative adjustment. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our condensed consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our judgments and estimates in light of changes in circumstances, facts and experience. Other than our accounting for the collaborative arrangements and revenue recognition discussed below, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates as discussed in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024. 
 Collaborative Arrangements 
 The Company assesses whether its licensing and other agreements are collaborative arrangements based on whether they involve joint operating activities and whether both parties have active participation in the arrangement and are exposed to significant risks and rewards. For arrangements that the Company determines are collaborations, it identifies each unit of account, and then determines whether a customer relationship exists for that unit of account. If the Company determines a performance obligation within the collaborative arrangement to be with a customer, it applies its revenue recognition accounting policy. If a portion of a distinct bundle of goods or services within the collaborative arrangement is not with a customer, the Company applies recognition and measurement based on an analogy to authoritative accounting literature or, if there is no appropriate analogy, a reasonable, rational and consistently applied accounting policy election. To the extent the arrangement is within the scope of ASC 808, the Company assesses whether aspects of the arrangement between the Company and the collaboration partner are within the scope of other accounting literature. If the Company concludes that some or all aspects of the arrangement represent a transaction with a customer, the Company accounts for those aspects of the arrangement within the scope of ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606). 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, or Topic 606, which applies to all contracts with customers, except for contracts that are within the scope of other standards, such as leases, insurance, collaboration arrangements and financial instruments. Under Topic 606, we recognize revenue when our customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for contracts with customers, we perform the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. We only apply the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that we will collect the consideration we are entitled to in exchange for the goods or services we transfer. At contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of Topic 606, we assess the goods or services promised within each contract, determine those that are performance obligations, and assess whether each promised good or service is distinct. We then recognize as revenue the amount of the transaction price, reduced by a consideration payable to a customer, that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. We utilize key assumptions to determine a stand-alone selling price for performance obligations, which may include forecasted revenues or costs, expected development timelines, discount rates and probabilities of technical and regulatory success. 
 Results of Operations Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table sets forth our selected statements of operations data for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 vs 2023 
 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Revenue: Revenue from contracts with collaborators 9,480 9,480 Total revenue 9,480 9,480 Operating expenses: Research and development 34,897 31,200 3,697 General and administrative 8,502 9,290 (788) Total operating expenses 43,399 40,490 2,909 Loss from operations (33,919) (40,490) 6,571 Other income (expense) Interest income 430 405 25 Interest expense (2,734) (3,343) 609 Other income, net 4,288 3,420 868 Total other income, net 1,984 482 1,502 Loss before income tax benefit (31,935) (40,008) 8,073 Income tax benefit (1,132) (1,132) Net Loss (30,803) (40,008) 9,205 
 
 The following table sets forth our selected statements of operations data for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs 2023 
 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Revenue: Revenue from sale of licenses 88,751 88,751 Revenue from contracts with collaborators 16,571 16,571 Total revenue 105,322 105,322 Operating expenses: Research and development 102,375 105,334 (2,959) General and administrative 26,738 29,398 (2,660) Total operating expenses 129,113 134,732 (5,619) Loss from operations (23,791) (134,732) 110,941 Other income (expense) Interest income 2,523 1,687 836 Interest expense (8,779) (10,272) 1,493 Other income, net 9,851 11,648 (1,797) Total other income, net 3,595 3,063 532 Loss before provision for income taxes (20,196) (131,669) 111,473 Provision for income taxes 3,303 3,303 Net Loss (23,499) (131,669) 108,170 
 
 Revenue 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our revenue was 9.5 million and 105.3 million, respectively. Our revenue is generated from our ongoing collaboration with Chiesi and consists of a one-time development cost reimbursement payment for the licenses and ongoing cost-sharing payments for performance of research and development services. 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 34.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 31.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, for an increase of 3.7 million, which was primarily attributable to an increase of 5.7 million of costs associated with preclinical studies and clinical trials for seralutinib, offset by a decrease of 2.0 million of costs associated with preclinical studies and clinical trials for terminated programs. 
 Research and development expenses were 102.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 105.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, for a decrease of 3.0 million, which was primarily attributable to a decrease of 30.9 million of costs associated with preclinical studies and clinical trials for terminated programs, offset by an increase of 27.9 million of costs associated with preclinical studies and clinical trials for seralutinib. 
 The following table shows our research and development expenses by program for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Seralutinib 32,750 27,010 95,093 67,149 Other terminated programs 2,147 4,190 7,282 38,185 Total research and development 34,897 31,200 102,375 105,334 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 8.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 9.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, for a decrease of 0.8 million, which was primarily attributable to a 0.4 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense and a decrease of 0.4 million in legal expense. 
 General and administrative expenses were 26.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 29.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, for a decrease of 2.7 million, which was primarily attributable to a 1.9 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense, a decrease of 0.5 million in insurance expense and a decrease of 0.3 million in legal expense. 
 Other income, net 
 Other income, net was 2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to other income, net of 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, for an increase of 1.5 million, which was primarily attributable to a 0.9 million increase in investment accretion and 0.6 million decrease in interest expense. 
 Other income, net was 3.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to other income, net of 3.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, for an increase of 0.5 million, which was primarily attributable to a 3.8 million increase in investment accretion, a 1.6 million decrease in interest expense, offset by a 4.9 million decrease in other income related to 2.8 million of employee retention credit under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act and 2.1 million of Ireland Corporate R D tax credit. 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the (benefit) provision for income taxes was 1.1 million and 3.3 million, respectively. The tax benefit recognized in the three months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily attributable to a reduction of expense in the period against our forecasted spend calculated our quarterly tax provision. The tax expense recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily attributable to the treatment of the Chiesi income and a partial release of the valuation allowance. There was no (benefit) provision for income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have incurred substantial operating losses since our inception and expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 1,235.5 million. 
 Our primary use of cash is to fund operating expenses, which consist primarily of research and development expenditures, and to a lesser extent, general and administrative expenditures. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. We may also use cash on hand to repurchase 2027 Notes through open-market transactions, including through a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan to facilitate open-market repurchases, or otherwise, from time to time. 
 Under our license agreement with Pulmokine, we have payment obligations that are contingent upon future events such as our achievement of specified development, regulatory and commercial milestones and are required to make royalty payments in connection with the sale of products developed under the agreement. As of September 30, 2024, we were unable to estimate the timing or likelihood of achieving the milestones or making future product sales. Other contractual obligations include future payments under our 2027 Notes and existing operating leases. 
 From our inception through September 30, 2024, our operations have been financed primarily by proceeds of 1,394.4 million from the sale of Series A and Series B convertible preferred stock, proceeds from our IPO, proceeds from our 2027 Notes, proceeds from issuance of common stock in May 2020 and July 2022, proceeds from issuance of common stock and accompanying warrants in July 2023 and the collaboration agreement with Chiesi. As of September 30, 2024 we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 327.0 million. Cash in excess of immediate requirements is invested in accordance with our investment policy, primarily with a view to capital preservation and liquidity. 
 On April 10, 2020, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3, or the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement, covering the offering from time to time of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and units, which registration statement became automatically effective on April 10, 2020. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 On May 21, 2020, we issued 200.0 million aggregate principal amount 5.00 convertible senior notes due 2027 in a registered public offering, or the 2027 Notes. The interest rate on the 2027 Notes is fixed at 5.00 per annum. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year commencing on December 1, 2020. The total net proceeds from the 2027 Notes, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs, were approximately 193.6 million. Concurrent with the registered underwritten public offering of the 2027 Notes, we completed an underwritten public offering of 9,433,963 shares of our common stock. We received net proceeds of 117.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs. Our concurrent offerings of 2027 Notes and common stock were registered pursuant to the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement. 
 On July 24, 2023, we completed a private placement of 129,869,440 shares of our common stock and 32,467,360 accompanying warrants. The aggregate gross proceeds for the private placement were 212.1 million, before deducting offering expenses. On August 18, 2023, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3 registering the resale of the shares of common stock and shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants issued in the private placement, which was declared effective on August 28, 2023. 
 Additional information about our long-term borrowings is presented in Note 5 Indebtedness to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Form 10-Q. 
 For additional information regarding our collaboration with Chiesi, see Note 10 Significant Agreements and Contracts to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Form 10-Q. 
 The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively: 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 32,013 (125,734) Net cash used in investing activities (24,193) (96,604) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (11,488) 193,057 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 23 (83) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (3,645) (29,364) 
 Operating activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating activities provided approximately 32.0 million of cash, primarily resulting from changes in contract liabilities of 64.1 million and changes in stock-based compensation expense of 15.7 million, reduced by the net loss of 23.5 million, changes in amortization of premium on investments, net of accretion of discount, of 9.7 million, changes in accrued expenses of 9.8 million and changes in accounts payable of 4.7 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, operating activities used approximately 125.7 million of cash, primarily resulting from a net loss of 131.7 million and changes in prepaid expenses and other current liabilities of 6.4 million, changes in amortization of premium on investments of 5.9 million and changes in accrued compensation and benefits of 4.5 million, reduced by stock-based compensation expense of 22.5 million. 
 Investing activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, investing activities used approximately 24.2 million of cash, primarily resulting from the purchases of marketable securities of 411.1 million, offset by the maturities of marketable securities of 386.9 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, investing activities used approximately 96.6 million of cash, primarily resulting from the purchases of marketable securities of 321.4 million, offset by the maturities of marketable securities of 224.8 million. 
 Financing activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, financing activities used 11.5 million of cash, primarily resulting from the principal repayments of long-term debt of 12.6 million, reduced by the proceeds from the grant of an equity option 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 pursuant to the Chiesi Collaboration Agreement of 0.5 million and the proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to the ESPP of 0.6 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, financing activities provided 193.1 million of cash, primarily resulting from proceeds from the issuance of common stock and warrants in a private offering of 201.3 million and the proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to the ESPP of 0.4 million, reduced by the principal repayments of long-term debt of 8.7 million. 
 Funding requirements 
 Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, will be sufficient to fund our operations through at least the next 12 months from the date these condensed consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. However, our forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement that involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary materially. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we expect. Additionally, the process of testing seralutinib in clinical trials is costly, and the timing of progress and expenses in these trials is uncertain. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the type, number, scope, progress, enrollment pace, expansions, results, costs and timing of, our preclinical studies and clinical trials of seralutinib which we are pursuing or may choose to pursue in the future; 
 the costs and timing of manufacturing for seralutinib; 
 the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of seralutinib; 
 the costs of obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our patents and other intellectual property rights; 
 our efforts to enhance operational systems and hire additional personnel to satisfy our obligations as a public company, including enhanced internal controls over financial reporting; 
 the costs associated with hiring additional personnel and consultants to continue the development and potential commercialization of seralutinib; 
 the timing and amount of the milestone or other payments we must make to Pulmokine from whom we have in-licensed seralutinib; 
 the costs and timing of establishing or securing sales and marketing capabilities if seralutinib is approved; 
 our ability to achieve sufficient market acceptance, coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors and adequate market share and revenue for any approved products; 
 the terms and timing of establishing and maintaining collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements; 
 costs associated with any products or technologies that we may in-license or acquire; and 
 any delays and cost increases that result from epidemic diseases. 
 Until such time as we can generate substantial product revenues to support our cost structure, if ever, we expect to finance our cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potentially collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. 
 However, we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be or could be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise funds through collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us and/or may reduce 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 the value of our common stock. Our failure to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and on our ability to pursue our business plans and strategies. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, limit, reduce or terminate seralutinib development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market seralutinib even if we would otherwise prefer to develop and market seralutinib ourselves. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes surrounding our market risk, including interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange risk, and inflation risk, from the discussion provided in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic and current reports that we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings or subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. Regardless of the outcome, such proceedings or claims can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of resources and other factors, and there can be no assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed by us in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024 and Part II, Item 1A "Risk Factors" of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on May 7, 2024, except as set forth below. 
 Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Global Select Market could result in a delisting of our common stock. 
 If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Global Select Market, such as the minimum closing bid price requirement or the corporate governance requirements, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock. On September 11, 2024, we received written notice from the Nasdaq Stock Market staff notifying us that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the bid price for our common stock had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). We previously received similar written notices on October 19, 2023 and May 22, 2024, and, in each case, we were subsequently notified by Nasdaq that we had regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), in connection with the notice received on September 11, 2024, we have been provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until March 10, 2025, to regain compliance. We will regain compliance under this rule if at any time before March 10, 2025, the bid price of our common stock closes at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days. The Nasdaq notice had no immediate effect on the listing or trading of our common stock, which continues to trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. We intend to monitor the bid price of our common stock and consider available options if our common stock does not trade at a level likely to result in us regaining compliance with Nasdaq s minimum bid price rule by March 10, 2025. If we do not regain compliance by March 10, 2025, we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period. To qualify for the additional compliance period, the Company would be required to transfer its listing to the Nasdaq Capital Market. In addition, we would be required to meet the continued listing requirement for the market value of publicly held shares and all other applicable initial listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and would need to provide written notice of our intention to cure the deficiency during the additional compliance period, such as by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. However, if it appears to the Nasdaq staff that we will not be able to cure the deficiency, or if we are otherwise not eligible, the Nasdaq staff would notify us that our securities would be subject to delisting. In the event of such a notification, we may appeal the Nasdaq staff s determination to delist our securities, but there can be no assurance the Nasdaq staff would grant our request for continued listing. 
 Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our securities when you wish to do so. Such a delisting could also result in a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for the company; and a decreased ability for us to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. In the event of a delisting, we can provide no assurance that any action taken by us to restore compliance with listing requirements would allow our securities to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our securities, or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 None. 
 Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 Not Applicable. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our officers or directors or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 The exhibits filed or furnished as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Exhibit Index, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form Date Number 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended. 
 10-Q 8/8/2023 3.1 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 10-Q 5/12/2020 3.2 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate. 
 S-1/A 1/23/2019 4.1 4.2 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated July 20, 2018, by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders. 
 S-1 12/21/2018 4.2 4.3 Indenture, dated as of May 21, 2020, by and between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association. 
 8-K 5/21/2020 4.1 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated May 21, 2020, by and between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association. 
 8-K 5/21/2020 4.2 4.5 Form of Global Note representing 5.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (included as part of Exhibit 4.4). 
 8-K 5/21/2020 4.3 4.6 Form of Warrant 
 8-K 7/20/2023 4.1 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Gossamer Bio, Inc., as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Gossamer Bio, Inc., as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS XBRL Report Instance Document X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purpose of section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 GOSSAMER BIO, INC. Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Faheem Hasnain Faheem Hasnain President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Bryan Giraudo Bryan Giraudo Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 goss-20240930x10qxexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Faheem Hasnain, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Gossamer Bio, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Faheem Hasnain Faheem Hasnain President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 goss-20240930x10qxexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bryan Giraudo, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Gossamer Bio, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Bryan Giraudo Bryan Giraudo Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 goss-20240930x10qxexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Faheem Hasnain, President and Chief Executive Officer of Gossamer Bio, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Faheem Hasnain Faheem Hasnain President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 goss-20240930x10qxexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bryan Giraudo, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Gossamer Bio, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Bryan Giraudo Bryan Giraudo Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 goss-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 goss-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 goss-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 goss-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 goss-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

