<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_946673_0000946673-24-000033.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22967442</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183141</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1876813</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13233260</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3285448</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3645970</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000946673-24-000033.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105152322
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000946673-24-000033
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BANNER CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000946673
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				911691604
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26584
		FILM NUMBER:		241427187

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 S FIRST AVENUE
		CITY:			WALLA WALLA
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99362
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5095273636

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 S FIRST AVENUE
		CITY:			WALLA WALLA
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99362

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST WASHINGTON BANCORP INC /WA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980727

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST SAVINGS BANK OF WASHINGTON BANCORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950614

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000946673-24-000033.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 banr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

banr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ______________ to ______________ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Title of class: As of October 31, 2024 Common Stock, .01 par value per share shares 
 
 1 

BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Financial Statements (unaudited) . The Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of Banner Corporation and Subsidiaries filed as a part of the report are as follows: 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 8 
 Selected Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Executive Overview 
 47 
 Comparison of Financial Condition 
 50 
 Comparison of Results of Operations 
 54 
 Asset Quality 
 61 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 63 
 Capital Requirements 
 64 
 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market Risk and Asset/Liability Management 
 64 
 Sensitivity Analysis 
 65 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 68 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 69 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 69 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 70 
 Item 3 Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 70 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 70 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 70 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 71 
 SIGNATURES 
 73 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

All references to Banner refer to Banner Corporation and those to the Bank refer to its wholly-owned subsidiary, Banner Bank. As used throughout this report, the terms we, our, us, or the Company refer to Banner Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain matters in this Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, assumptions and statements about future economic performance and projections of financial items, including statements about our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact, are based on certain assumptions and are generally identified by use of the words believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, forecasts, intends, plans, targets, potentially, probably, projects, outlook or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as may, will, should, would and could. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated or implied, including, but not limited to: 
 
 Adverse economic conditions in our market areas or other areas where we have lending relationships, due to factors such as employment levels, labor shortages, inflation, a recession, or slowed economic growth. 
 Changes in the interest rate environment, including past increases or decreases in the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System s (Federal Reserve) benchmark rate, which could adversely affect our revenues, expenses, asset values, debt obligations, and liquidity. 
 Impact of inflation and the Federal Reserve s monetary policies. 
 Effects of any federal government shutdown. 
 Credit risks from lending activities, including changes in loan delinquencies, write-offs, and the allowance for credit loss, and our ability to manage loan delinquency rates. 
 Competitive pressures in the financial services industry, including repricing and competitors pricing initiatives on loan and deposit products. 
 Changes in consumer spending and borrowing habits. 
 Interest rate movements and the relative differences between short and long-term interest rates, loan and deposit rates, net interest margin, and funding sources. 
 Impact of bank failures or adverse developments at other banks and related negative press on investor, depositor and borrower sentiment. 
 Fluctuations in demand for loans, unsold homes, land, and real estate values. 
 Expectations regarding key growth initiatives and strategic priorities. 
 Ability to adapt to technological changes both internally and to meet client needs. 
 Ability to access cost-effective funding and to control operating costs and expenses. 
 Use of estimates in determining fair value of certain assets and liabilities, which may prove incorrect and significantly change valuations. 
 Staffing fluctuations in response to product demand or corporate strategies, and potential associated charges. 
 Disruptions, security breaches, or other adverse events, failures, or attacks on information technology systems or critical third-party vendors. 
 Secondary market conditions for loans and ability to sell loans in the secondary market. 
 Costs, effects, and outcomes of litigation. 
 Legislative or regulatory changes, including changes in policies, principles, or interpretations of regulatory capital or other rules. 
 Results of safety and soundness and compliance examinations by regulatory authorities, which may require restitution, increased reserves for credit losses, write-downs of assets, or changes in regulatory capital position, affecting liquidity and earnings. 
 Availability of resources to address changes in laws, rules, or regulations, or to respond to regulatory actions. 
 Quality and composition of our securities portfolio and impact of adverse changes in the securities markets. 
 Inability of key third-party providers to perform their obligations. 
 Changes in accounting principles, policies, or guidelines, including additional guidance on and interpretation of accounting issues. 
 Environmental, social, and governance goals and targets. 
 Effects of climate change, severe weather, natural disasters, pandemics, public health crises, acts of war or terrorism, civil unrest and other external events on our business. 
 Other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory, and technological factors affecting operations, pricing, products, and services. 
 Future acquisitions of other depository institutions or lines of business. 
 Future goodwill impairment due to changes in our business or market conditions. 
 Other risks detailed in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 2023 Form 10-K ), and in our reports filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Any forward-looking statements are based upon management s beliefs and assumptions at the time they are made. We do not undertake and specifically disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements included in this report or the reasons why actual results could differ from those contained in such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking statements discussed in this report might not occur, and you should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1 - Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 
 BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 (Unaudited) (In thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 ASSETS September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits Total cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale, amortized cost and , respectively 
 Securities held-to-maturity, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Total securities Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) stock Loans held for sale (includes and , at fair value, respectively) 
 Loans receivable Allowance for credit losses loans ) ) Net loans receivable 
 Accrued interest receivable Property and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangibles, net Bank-owned life insurance (BOLI) Deferred tax assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets 
 LIABILITIES Deposits: Non-interest-bearing Interest-bearing transaction and savings accounts Interest-bearing certificates Total deposits Advances from FHLB Other borrowings Subordinated notes, net Junior subordinated debentures at fair value (issued in connection with Trust Preferred Securities) Operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred compensation Total liabilities 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 11) 
 par value per share, shares authorized; shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock and paid in capital - par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Common stock (non-voting) and paid in capital - par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Retained earnings Carrying value of shares held in trust for stock-based compensation plans ) ) Liability for common stock issued to stock related compensation plans Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See Selected Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) (In thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 INTEREST INCOME: Loans receivable Mortgage-backed securities Securities and cash equivalents Total interest income 
 INTEREST EXPENSE: Deposits FHLB advances Other borrowings Subordinated debt Total interest expense 
 Net interest income PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES Net interest income after provision for credit losses NON-INTEREST INCOME: Deposit fees and other service charges Mortgage banking operations BOLI Miscellaneous Net loss on sale of securities ) ) ) Net change in valuation of financial instruments carried at fair value ) ) ) Total non-interest income 
 NON-INTEREST EXPENSE: Salary and employee benefits Less capitalized loan origination costs ) ) ) ) Occupancy and equipment Information and computer data services Payment and card processing services Professional and legal expenses Advertising and marketing Deposit insurance State and municipal business and use taxes Real estate operations, net ) ) Amortization of core deposit intangibles Miscellaneous Total non-interest expense 
 Income before provision for income taxes PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES NET INCOME Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Cumulative dividends declared per common share Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 See Selected Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited) (In thousands) 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 NET INCOME OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF INCOME TAXES: Unrealized holding gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale arising during the period ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit related to securities available-for-sale unrealized holding losses ) ) Reclassification for net loss on securities available-for-sale realized in earnings Income tax benefit related to securities available-for-sale realized in earnings ) ) ) Reclassification of (recapture of) provision for credit losses on securities available-for-sale realized in earnings ) Income tax benefit (expense) related to the reclassification of (recapture) provision for credit losses on securities available-for-sale realized in earnings ) Amortization of unrealized loss on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Income tax expense related to amortization of unrealized loss on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity ) ) ) ) Net unrealized gain on interest rate swaps used in cash flow hedges Income tax expense related to interest rate swaps used in cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) Changes in fair value of junior subordinated debentures related to instrument specific credit risk Income tax expense related to junior subordinated debentures ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ) 
 
 See Selected Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) (In thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and the Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Common Stock and Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of income tax Accrual of dividends on common stock /share) 
 ) ) Amortization of stock-based compensation related to restricted stock grants, net of shares surrendered 
 ) ) Balance, March 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of income tax ) ) Accrual of dividends on common stock /share) 
 ) ) Amortization of stock-based compensation related to restricted stock grants, net of shares surrendered 
 Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of income tax ) ) Accrual of dividends on common stock /share) 
 ) ) Amortization of stock-based compensation related to restricted stock grants, net of shares surrendered 
 Balance, September 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of income tax Accrual of dividends on common stock /share) 
 ) ) Amortization of stock-based compensation related to restricted stock grants, net of shares surrendered 
 Balance, December 31, 2023 ) 
 Balance, January 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of income tax ) ) Accrual of dividends on common stock /share) 
 ) ) Amortization of stock-based compensation related to restricted stock grants, net of shares surrendered 
 Balance, March 31, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of income tax Accrual of dividends on common stock /share) 
 ) ) Amortization of stock-based compensation related to restricted stock grants, net of shares surrendered Balance, June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of income tax Accrual of dividends on common stock /share) 
 ) ) Amortization of stock-based compensation related to restricted stock grants, net of shares surrendered Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 

See Selected Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) (In thousands) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided from operating activities: Depreciation Deferred income and expense, net of amortization ) ) Capitalized loan servicing rights, net of amortization Amortization of core deposit intangibles Loss on sale of securities, net Net change in valuation of financial instruments carried at fair value Decrease in deferred taxes Increase (decrease) in current taxes payable/receivable, net ) Stock-based compensation Net change in cash surrender value of BOLI ) ) Gain on sale of loans, excluding capitalized servicing rights ) ) Gain on disposal of real estate held for sale and property and equipment, net ) ) Provision for credit losses Origination of loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Net change in: Other assets ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided from operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of securities available-for-sale ) ) Principal repayments and maturities of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sales of securities available-for-sale Principal repayments and maturities of securities held-to-maturity Loan originations, net of repayments ) ) Purchases of loans and participating interest in loans ) Proceeds from sales of other loans Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate held for sale and sale of other property Proceeds from FHLB stock repurchase program Purchase of FHLB stock ) ) Proceeds from maturity of securities purchased under agreements to resell Investment in bank-owned life insurance ) ) Other Net cash (used by) provided from investing activities ) 
 Continued on next page 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 
 (Unaudited) (In thousands) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Increase (decrease) in deposits, net ) (Repayment) advances of overnight and short term FHLB advances, net ) Decrease in other borrowings, net ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Net cash provided from (used by) financing activities ) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Interest paid in cash Tax paid NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING TRANSACTIONS: Transfer of loans to real estate owned and other repossessed assets 
 Dividends accrued but not paid until after period end Loans, held-for-sale, transferred from portfolio 
 ) ) 
 
 See Selected Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 BANNER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 SELECTED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1: BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Note 2: ACCOUNTING STANDARDS RECENTLY ISSUED OR ADOPTED 

10 

Table of Contents 

Note 3: SECURITIES 
 
 ) Municipal bonds ) Corporate bonds ) Mortgage-backed or related securities ) Asset-backed securities ) ) 
 September 30, 2024 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Allowance for Credit Losses Held-to-Maturity: U.S. Government and agency obligations ) Municipal bonds ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Mortgage-backed or related securities ) ) ) 
 11 

Table of Contents 

) Municipal bonds ) Corporate bonds ) Mortgage-backed or related securities ) Asset-backed securities ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Allowance for Credit Losses Held-to-Maturity: U.S. Government and agency obligations ) Municipal bonds ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Mortgage-backed or related securities ) ) ) 
 
 Accrued interest receivable on held-to-maturity debt securities was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and was million and million on available-for-sale debt securities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Accrued interest receivable on securities is reported in accrued interest receivable on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and is excluded from the calculation of the allowance for credit losses. 
 
 ) ) Municipal bonds 
 ) ) Corporate bonds 
 ) ) ) Mortgage-backed or related securities 
 ) ) Asset-backed securities 
 ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Municipal bonds 
 ) ) ) Corporate bonds 
 ) ) ) Mortgage-backed or related securities 
 ) ) ) Asset-backed securities 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 At September 30, 2024, there were securities available-for-sale with unrealized losses, compared to at December 31, 2023. Management does not believe that any remaining individual unrealized loss as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023 resulted from credit loss. The decline in fair market value of these securities was generally due to changes in interest rates and changes in market-desired spreads subsequent to their purchase. There were securities available-for-sale in a nonaccrual status at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 Gross Losses ) ) ) Balance, end of the period ) ) ) 
 
 Maturing after one year through five years Maturing after five years through ten years Maturing after ten years 
 
 Interest rate swap counterparties Repurchase transaction accounts Other Total pledged securities 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Not Rated 
 
 December 31, 2023 U.S. Government and agency obligations Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Mortgage-backed or related securities Total AAA/AA/A Not Rated 
 
 We had no allowance for credit losses for securities available-for-sale during three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4: LOANS RECEIVABLE AND THE ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES - LOANS 
 
 Investment properties Small balance CRE Multifamily real estate Construction, land and land development: Commercial construction Multifamily construction One- to four-family construction Land and land development Commercial business: Commercial business 
 Small business scored Agricultural business, including secured by farmland One- to four-family residential Consumer: Consumer home equity revolving lines of credit 
 Consumer other Total loans Less allowance for credit losses loans ) ) Net loans 
 
 Loan amounts are net of unearned loan fees in excess of unamortized costs of million as of September 30, 2024, and million as of December 31, 2023. Net loans include net discounts on acquired loans of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Net loans does not include accrued interest receivable. Accrued interest receivable on loans was million as of September 30, 2024, and million as of December 31, 2023 and was reported in accrued interest receivable on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 The Company had pledged billion and billion of loans as collateral for FHLB and other borrowings at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Purchased credit-deteriorated and purchased non-credit-deteriorated loans. Loans purchased or acquired in business combinations are recorded at their fair value at the acquisition date. Acquired loans are evaluated upon acquisition and classified as either purchased credit-deteriorated (PCD) or purchased non-credit-deteriorated. There were no PCD loans acquired during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. 
 Troubled Loan Modifications. Occasionally, the Company offers modifications of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty by providing principal forgiveness, interest rate reductions, other-than-insignificant payment delays, term extensions or any combination of these. When principal forgiveness is provided, the amount of the forgiveness is charged-off against the allowance for credit losses - loans. Upon the Company s determination that a modified loan (or portion of a loan) has subsequently been deemed uncollectible, the loan (or a portion of the loan) is charged off. Therefore, the amortized cost basis of the loan is reduced by the uncollectible amount and the allowance for credit losses - loans is adjusted by the same amount. The allowance for credit losses on modified loans is measured using similar credit loss estimation methods used to determine the allowance for credit losses for all other loans held for investment. These methods incorporate the post-modification loan terms, as well as defaults and charge-offs associated with historical modified loans. 

15 

Table of Contents 

 Total 
 
 September 30, 2023 Payment Delay Term Extension Total One- to four-family construction Commercial business Agricultural business, including secured by farmland 
 One- to four-family residential Total 4352 
 
 The Company had committed to lend additional amounts totaling to the borrowers included in the previous table as of September 30, 2023 . The Company closely monitors the performance of loans that are modified for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty to understand the effectiveness of its modification efforts. 
 
 There were no loans modified in the previous 12 months that were past due at September 30, 2024. The follow ing table presents the performance at September 30, 2023 of loans that had been modified in the previous 12 months (in thousands). 
 
 Agricultural business, including secured by farmland One- to four-family residential Total 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Weighted Average Payment Delay Period (in months) Weighted-Average Term Extension (in months) One- to four-family construction n/a Commercial business n/a Agricultural business, including secured by farmland n/a One- to four-family residential n/a 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Quality Indicators : To appropriately and effectively manage the ongoing credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio, management has implemented a risk-rating or loan grading system for its loans. The system is a tool to evaluate portfolio asset quality throughout each applicable loan s life as an asset of the Company. Generally, loans are risk rated on an aggregate borrower/relationship basis with individual loans sharing similar ratings. There are some instances when specific situations relating to individual loans will provide the basis for different risk ratings within the aggregate relationship. Loans are graded on a scale of 1 to 9. A description of the general characteristics of these categories is shown below. 
 
 Overall Risk Rating Definitions : Risk-ratings contain both qualitative and quantitative measurements and take into account the financial strength of a borrower and the structure of the loan. Consequently, the definitions are to be applied in the context of each lending transaction and judgment must also be used to determine the appropriate risk rating, as it is not unusual for a loan to exhibit characteristics of more than one risk-rating category. Consideration for the final rating is centered in the borrower s ability to repay, in a timely fashion, both principal and interest. The Company s risk-rating and loan grading policies are reviewed and approved annually. There were no material changes in the risk-rating or loan grading system for the periods presented. 
 
 Risk Ratings 1-5: Pass 
 Credits with risk ratings of 1 to 5 meet the definition of a pass risk rating. The strength of credits vary within the pass risk ratings, ranging from a risk rated 1 being an exceptional credit to a risk rated 5 being an acceptable credit that requires a more than normal level of supervision. 
 
 Risk Rating 6: Special Mention 
 A credit with potential weaknesses that deserves management s close attention is risk rated a 6. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses will result in deterioration in the capacity to repay debt. A key distinction between Special Mention and Substandard is that in a Special Mention credit, there are identified weaknesses that pose potential risk(s) to the repayment sources, versus well defined weaknesses that pose risk(s) to the repayment sources. Assets in this category are expected to be in this category no more than 9-12 months as the potential weaknesses in the credit are resolved. 
 
 Risk Rating 7: Substandard 
 A credit with well-defined weaknesses that jeopardize the ability to repay in full is risk rated a 7. These credits are inadequately protected by either the sound net worth and payment capacity of the borrower or the value of pledged collateral. These are credits with a distinct possibility of loss. Loans headed for foreclosure and/or legal action due to deterioration are rated 7 or worse. 
 
 Risk Rating 8: Doubtful 
 A credit with an extremely high probability of loss is risk rated 8. These credits have all the same critical weaknesses that are found in a substandard loan; however, the weaknesses are elevated to the point that based upon current information, collection or liquidation in full is improbable. While some loss on doubtful credits is expected, pending events may make the amount and timing of any loss indeterminable. In these situations, taking the loss is inappropriate until the outcome of the pending event is clear. 
 
 Risk Rating 9: Loss 
 A credit that is considered to be currently uncollectible or of such little value that it is no longer a viable bank asset is risk rated 9. Losses should be taken in the accounting period in which the credit is determined to be uncollectible. Taking a loss does not mean that a credit has absolutely no recovery or salvage value but, rather, it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off the credit, even though partial recovery may occur in the future. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Commercial real estate - owner occupied Current period gross charge-offs Commercial real estate - investment properties Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Commercial real estate - investment properties Current period gross charge-offs Multifamily real estate Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Multifamily real estate Current period gross charge-offs 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Commercial construction Current period gross charge-offs Multifamily construction Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Multifamily construction Current period gross charge-offs One- to four- family construction Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total One- to four- family construction Current period gross charge-offs 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Land and land development Current period gross charge-offs Commercial business Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Commercial business Current period gross charge-offs Agricultural business, including secured by farmland Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Agricultural business, including secured by farmland Current period gross charge-offs 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - investment properties Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Commercial real estate - investment properties Multifamily real estate Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Multifamily real estate 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Commercial construction Multifamily construction Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Multifamily construction One- to four- family construction Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total One- to four- family construction 

22 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Land and land development Commercial business Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Commercial business Agricultural business, including secured by farmland Risk Rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total Agricultural business, including secured by farmland 

23 

Table of Contents 

 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days + Past Due Total Small balance CRE Current period gross charge-offs Small business scored Past Due Category Current 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days + Past Due Total Small business scored Current period gross charge-offs One- to four- family residential Past Due Category Current 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days + Past Due Total One- to four- family residential Current period gross charge-offs 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days + Past Due Total Consumer home equity revolving lines of credit Current period gross charge-offs Consumer-other Past Due Category Current 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days + Past Due Total Consumer-other Current period gross charge-offs 

25 

Table of Contents 

 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days + Past Due Total Small balance CRE Small business scored Past Due Category Current 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days + Past Due Total Small business scored One- to four- family residential Past Due Category Current 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days + Past Due Total One- to four- family residential 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days + Past Due Total Consumer home equity revolving lines of credit Consumer-other Past Due Category Current 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days + Past Due Total Consumer-other 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Small balance CRE Construction, land and land development: One- to four-family construction Land and land development Commercial business Commercial business Small business scored Agricultural business, including secured by farmland 
 One- to four-family residential Consumer home equity revolving lines of credit Total 
 
 December 31, 2023 Real Estate Accounts Receivable Equipment Inventory Total Commercial real estate: Owner-occupied Small balance CRE One- to four-family construction Commercial business Agricultural business, including secured by farmland 
 One- to four-family residential Consumer home equity revolving lines of credit Total 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Investment properties Small balance CRE Multifamily real estate Construction, land and land development: Commercial construction Multifamily construction One- to four-family construction Land and land development Commercial business: Commercial business Small business scored Agricultural business, including secured by farmland 
 One- to four-family residential Consumer: Consumer home equity revolving lines of credit Consumer other Total 
 
 (1) The Company did not recognize any interest income on non-accrual loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Investment properties Small balance CRE Multifamily real estate Construction, land and land development: Commercial construction Multifamily construction One- to four-family construction Land and land development Commercial business: Commercial business Small business scored Agricultural business, including secured by farmland 
 One-to four-family residential Consumer: Consumer home equity revolving lines of credit Consumer other Total 
 
 (1) The Company did not recognize any interest income on non-accrual loans during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Provision/(recapture) for credit losses ) ) Recoveries Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Ending balance For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commercial Real Estate Multifamily Real Estate Construction and Land Commercial Business Agricultural Business One- to Four-Family Residential Consumer Total Allowance for credit losses - loans: Beginning balance (Recapture)/provision for credit losses ) Recoveries Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Provision/(recapture) for credit losses ) Recoveries Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Ending balance For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial Real Estate Multifamily Real Estate Construction and Land Commercial Business Agricultural Business One- to Four-Family Residential Consumer Total Allowance for credit losses - loans: Beginning balance (Recapture)/provision for credit losses ) Recoveries Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5: GOODWILL, OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS 
 
 Amortization ) ) Balance, December 31, 2023 Amortization ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights: Mortgage and SBA servicing rights are reported in other assets. SBA servicing rights are initially recorded and carried at fair value. Mortgage servicing rights are initially recognized at fair value and are amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, the estimated future net servicing income of the underlying financial assets. Mortgage servicing rights are subsequently evaluated for impairment based upon the fair value of the rights compared to the amortized cost (remaining unamortized initial fair value). If the fair value is less than the amortized cost, a valuation allowance is created through an impairment charge to servicing fee income. However, if the fair value is greater than the amortized cost, the amount above the amortized cost is not recognized in the carrying value. The unpaid principal balance of loans for which mortgage and SBA servicing rights have been recognized totaled billion and 2.78 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Custodial accounts maintained in connection with this servicing totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Additions amounts capitalized Additions through purchase Amortization (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Fair value adjustments (2) 
 ) ) ) Impairment valuation adjustments (3) 
 ) ) Balance, end of the period 
 
 (1) 
 (3) Impairment valuation adjustments are recorded on mortgage servicing rights when the carrying value exceeded the fair value for a specific tranche within the mortgage servicing rights portfolio 

Note 6: DEPOSITS 
 
 Interest-bearing checking Regular savings accounts Money market accounts Total interest-bearing transaction and savings accounts Certificates of deposit: Certificates of deposit greater than or equal to 250,000 Certificates of deposit less than 250,000 Total certificates of deposit Total deposits Included in total deposits: Public fund transaction and savings accounts Public fund interest-bearing certificates Total public deposits Total brokered certificates of deposit 
 
 Maturing after one year through two years Maturing after two years through three years Maturing after three years through four years Maturing after four years through five years Maturing after five years Total certificates of deposit 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7: FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
 Securities available-for-sale 2 Securities available-for-sale 3 Securities held-to-maturity 2 Securities held-to-maturity 3 Loans held for sale 2 Loans receivable, net 3 Equity securities 1 FHLB stock 3 Bank-owned life insurance 1 Mortgage servicing rights 3 SBA servicing rights 3 Investments in limited partnerships 3 Derivatives: Interest rate swaps 
 2 Interest rate lock and forward sales commitments 
 2,3 Liabilities: Demand, interest checking and money market accounts 2 Regular savings 2 Certificates of deposit 2 FHLB advances 2 Other borrowings 2 Subordinated notes, net 2 Junior subordinated debentures 3 Derivatives: Interest rate swaps 
 2 Interest rate lock and forward sales commitments 
 2,3 Risk participation agreement 2 
 
 The Company measures and discloses certain assets and liabilities at fair value. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (that is, not a forced liquidation or distressed sale). When measuring fair value, management will maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs whenever possible. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company s estimates for market assumptions. 
 
 The estimated fair value amounts of financial instruments have been determined by the Company using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is required to interpret data to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could realize at a future date. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. In addition, reasonable comparability between financial institutions may not be likely due to the wide range of permitted valuation techniques and numerous estimates that must be made given the absence of active secondary markets for many of the financial instruments. This lack of uniform valuation methodologies also introduces a greater degree of subjectivity to these estimated fair values. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Mortgage-backed or related securities Asset-backed securities Loans held for sale (1) 
 Equity securities SBA servicing rights Investment in limited partnerships Derivatives Interest rate swaps Interest rate lock and forward sales commitments Liabilities: Junior subordinated debentures 
 Derivatives Interest rate swaps Interest rate lock and forward sales commitments Risk participation agreement 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Mortgage-backed or related securities Asset-backed securities Loans held for sale (1) 
 Equity securities SBA servicing rights Investment in limited partnerships Derivatives Interest rate swaps Interest rate lock and forward sales commitments Liabilities: Junior subordinated debentures Derivatives Interest rate swaps Interest rate lock and forward sales commitments Risk participation agreement 
 
 (1) The unpaid principal balance of residential mortgage loans held for sale carried at fair value on a recurring basis was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The following methods were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments above: 
 
 Securities: The estimated fair values of investment securities and mortgage-backed securities are priced using current active market quotes, if available, which are considered Level 1 measurements. For most of the portfolio, matrix pricing based on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted prices is used to establish the fair value. These measurements are considered Level 2. Due to the continued limited activity in the trust preferred markets that have limited the observability of market spreads for some of the Company s trust preferred securities (TPS), management has classified these securities, included in Corporate Bonds, as a Level 3 fair value measure. Management periodically reviews the pricing information received from third-party pricing services and tests those prices against other sources to validate the reported fair values. 
 
 Loans Held for Sale: Fair values for residential mortgage loans held for sale are determined by comparing actual loan rates to current secondary market prices for similar loans. 
 
 Equity Securities: Equity securities are invested in a publicly traded stock. The fair value of these securities is based on daily quoted market prices. 
 
 SBA Servicing Rights: Fair values are estimated based on an independent dealer analysis by discounting estimated net future cash flows from servicing. The evaluation utilizes assumptions market participants would use in determining fair value including prepayment speeds, delinquency and foreclosure rates, the discount rate, servicing costs, and the timing of cash flows. The SBA servicing portfolio is stratified by loan type and fair value estimates are adjusted up or down based on the serviced loan interest rates versus current rates on new loan originations since the most recent independent analysis. 
 
 Junior Subordinated Debentures: The fair value of junior subordinated debentures is estimated using an income approach technique. The significant inputs included in the estimation of fair value are the credit risk adjusted spread and three month SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate). The credit risk adjusted spread represents the nonperformance risk of the liability. The Company utilizes an external valuation firm to validate the reasonableness of the credit risk adjusted spread used to determine the fair value. The junior subordinated debentures are carried at fair value which represents the estimated amount that would be paid to transfer these liabilities in an orderly transaction amongst market participants. Due to inactivity in the trust preferred markets that have limited the observability of market spreads, management has classified this as a Level 3 fair value measurement. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Junior subordinated debentures Discounted cash flows Discount rate Loans individually evaluated Collateral valuations Discount to appraised value to 
 to 
 Interest rate lock commitments Pricing model Pull-through rate SBA servicing rights Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rate 
 
 Trust preferred securities : Management believes that the credit risk-adjusted spread used to develop the discount rate utilized in the fair value measurement of TPS is indicative of the risk premium a willing market participant would require under current market conditions for instruments with similar contractual rates and terms and conditions and issuers with similar credit risk profiles and with similar expected probability of default. Management attributes the change in fair value of these instruments, compared to their par value, primarily to perceived general market adjustments to the risk premiums for these types of assets subsequent to their issuance. 
 
 Junior subordinated debentures : Similar to the TPS discussed above, management believes that the credit risk-adjusted spread utilized in the fair value measurement of the junior subordinated debentures is indicative of the risk premium a willing market participant would require under current market conditions for an issuer with Banner s credit risk profile. Management attributes the change in fair value of the junior subordinated debentures, compared to their par value, primarily to perceived general market adjustments to the risk premiums for these types of liabilities subsequent to their issuance. Future contractions in the risk adjusted spread relative to the spread currently utilized to measure the Company s junior subordinated debentures at fair value as of September 30, 2024, or the passage of time, will result in negative fair value adjustments. At September 30, 2024, the discount rate utilized was based on a credit spread of 551 basis points and three-month SOFR of 459 basis points. 
 
 Interest rate lock commitments: The fair value of the interest rate lock commitments is based on secondary market sources adjusted for an estimated pull-through rate. The pull-through rate is based on historical loan closing rates for similar interest rate lock commitments. An increase or decrease in the pull-through rate would have a corresponding, positive or negative fair value adjustment. 
 
 SBA servicing asset: The constant prepayment rate (CPR) is set based on industry data. An increase in the CPR would result in a negative fair value adjustment, where a decrease in CPR would result in a positive fair value adjustment. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Net change recognized in earnings ) ) Net change recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) ) ) Purchases, issuances and settlements Ending balance at September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Level 3 Fair Value Inputs TPS Securities Borrowings Junior Subordinated Debentures Interest Rate Lock and Forward Sales Commitments Investments in Limited Partnerships SBA Servicing Asset Beginning balance Net change recognized in earnings ) Net change recognized in AOCI (280) ) Purchases, issuances and settlements Ending balance at September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Level 3 Fair Value Inputs TPS Borrowings Junior Subordinated Debentures Interest Rate Lock and Forward Sales Commitments Investments in Limited Partnerships SBA Servicing Asset Beginning balance Net change recognized in earnings ) ) ) ) Net change recognized in AOCI ) Purchases, issuances and settlements Ending balance at September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Level 3 Fair Value Inputs TPS Securities Borrowings Junior Subordinated Debentures Interest Rate Lock and Forward Sales Commitments Investments in Limited Partnerships SBA Servicing Asset Beginning balance Net change recognized in earnings ) ) ) Net change recognized in AOCI ) Purchases, issuances and settlements Ending balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 Interest income, dividends and amortization related to TPS are recorded as a component of interest income. Interest expense related to the junior subordinated debentures is measured based on contractual interest rates and reported in interest expense. The change in fair value of the junior subordinated debentures, which represents changes in instrument specific credit risk, and the change in fair value of TPS securities are recorded in other comprehensive income. The change in fair value of investments in limited partnerships and the SBA servicing asset are recorded as a component of non-interest income. The change in fair value of the interest rate lock and forward sales commitments are included in mortgage banking operations in non-interest income. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Real Estate Owned (REO) December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Loans individually evaluated REO 
 ) Loans held for sale ) ) Total loss from non-recurring measurements ) ) ) 
 
 Loans individually evaluated : Expected credit losses for loans evaluated individually are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate or when the Bank determines that foreclosure is probable, the expected credit loss is measured based on the fair value of the collateral as of the reporting date, less estimated selling costs, as applicable. As a practical expedient, the Bank measures the expected credit loss for a loan using the fair value of the collateral, if repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty based on the Bank s assessment as of the reporting date. In both cases, if the fair value of the collateral is less than the amortized cost basis of the loan, the Bank will recognize an allowance as the difference between the fair value of the collateral, less costs to sell (if applicable) and the amortized cost basis of the loan. If the fair value of the collateral exceeds the amortized cost basis of the loan, any expected recovery added to the amortized cost basis will be limited to the amount previously charged-off. Subsequent changes in the expected credit losses for loans evaluated individually are included within the provision for credit losses in the same manner in which the expected credit loss initially was recognized or as a reduction in the provision that would otherwise be reported. 
 
 REO : The Company records REO (acquired through a lending relationship) at fair value on a non-recurring basis. Fair value adjustments on REO are based on updated real estate appraisals which are based on current market conditions. All REO properties are recorded at the lower of the estimated fair value of the real estate, less expected selling costs, or the carrying amount of the defaulted loans. From time to time, non-recurring fair value adjustments to REO are recorded to reflect partial write-downs based on an observable market price or current appraised value of property. Banner considers any valuation inputs related to REO to be Level 3 inputs. The individual carrying values of these assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually and any additional impairment charges are expensed. 

Note 8: INCOME TAXES AND DEFERRED TAXES 

40 

Table of Contents 

 million of unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. The Company does not anticipate that there are additional uncertain tax positions or that any uncertain tax position which has not been recognized would materially affect the effective tax rate if recognized. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company files consolidated income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in the Oregon, California, Utah, Idaho and Montana state jurisdictions. 
 
 Tax credit investments: The Company invests in low income housing tax credit funds that are designed to generate a return primarily through the realization of federal tax credits. The Company accounts for these investments by amortizing the cost of tax credit investments over the life of the investment using a proportional amortization method and this tax credit investment amortization expense is a component of the provision for income taxes. The current balance of these tax credit investments is included in other assets, while the unfunded commitments are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 Unfunded commitments 
 
 The following table presents other information related to the Company s tax credit investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Tax credits and other tax benefits recognized Tax credit amortization expense included in provision for income taxes 

Note 9: CALCULATION OF WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING FOR EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS) 
 
 Basic weighted average shares outstanding Dilutive effect of unvested restricted stock Diluted weighted shares outstanding Earnings per common share Basic Diluted Anti-dilutive restricted stock excluded from the diluted average outstanding share calculation (1) 
 
 (1) Anti-dilution occurs when the unrecognized compensation cost per share of restricted stock exceeds the current market price of the Company s stock. 

Note 10: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS 

41 

Table of Contents 

 shares of its common stock for issuance under the 2014 Plan in connection with the exercise of awards. As of September 30, 2024, restricted stock shares and restricted stock units have been granted under the 2014 Plan of which restricted stock shares and restricted stock units were unvested. No further awards will be granted under the 2014 Plan. 
 
 The Company reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the 2018 Plan in connection with the exercise of awards. As of September 30, 2024, restricted stock units have been granted under the 2018 Plan of which restricted stock units were unvested. 
 
 The Company reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the 2023 Plan in connection with the exercise of awards. As of September 30, 2024, restricted stock shares and restricted stock units have been granted under the 2023 Plan, all of which were unvested. 
 
 The expense associated with all restricted stock grants (including restricted stock shares and restricted stock units) was million and million for the three and six month periods ended September 30, 2024, and was 2.4 million and million for the three and six month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense for these awards as of September 30, 2024, was million and will be recognized over a weighted average period of months. 

Note 11: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
 Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees Commitments to originate loans Risk participation agreements Commitments to originate loans held for sale Commitments to sell loans secured by one- to four-family residential properties Commitments to sell securities related to mortgage banking activities 
 
 In addition to the commitments disclosed in the table above, the Company is also committed to funding the unfunded portion of its tax credit investments, as well as the remaining unfunded portion of its investments in limited partnerships. 
 Limited partnerships investments 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a client, as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Many of the commitments may expire without being drawn upon; therefore, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Each client s creditworthiness is evaluated on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the client. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, and income producing commercial properties. The Company s allowance for credit losses - unfunded loan commitments at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee a client s performance or payment to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to clients. Under a risk participation agreement, the Bank guarantees the financial performance of a borrower on the participated portion of an interest rate swap on a loan. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 to days, the most typical period being days. Traditionally, these loan applications with rate lock commitments have the pricing for the sale of these loans locked with various qualified investors under a best-efforts delivery program at or near the time the interest rate is locked with the client. The Bank then attempts to deliver these loans before their rate locks expire. This arrangement generally requires delivery of the loans prior to the expiration of the rate lock. Delays in funding the loans may require a lock extension. The cost of a lock extension is sometimes covered by the client and other times by the Bank. These lock extension costs have not had a material impact to the Company s operations. For mandatory delivery commitments the Company enters into forward commitments at specific prices and settlement dates to deliver either: (1) residential mortgage loans for purchase by secondary market investors (i.e., Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae), or (2) mortgage-backed securities to broker/dealers. The purpose of these forward commitments is to offset the movement in interest rates between the execution of its residential mortgage rate lock commitments with borrowers and the sale of those loans to the secondary market investor. There were counterparty default losses on forward contracts during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. Market risk with respect to forward contracts arises principally from changes in the value of contractual positions due to changes in interest rates. The Company limits its exposure to market risk by monitoring differences between commitments to clients and forward contracts with market investors and securities broker/dealers. In the event the Company has forward delivery contract commitments in excess of available mortgage loans, the transaction is completed by either paying or receiving a fee to or from the investor or broker/dealer equal to the increase or decrease in the market value of the forward contract. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company and/or its subsidiaries have various legal proceedings and other contingent matters outstanding. These proceedings and the associated legal claims are often contested and the outcome of individual matters is not always predictable. These claims and counter-claims typically arise during the course of collection efforts on problem loans or with respect to action to enforce liens on properties in which the Bank holds a security interest. Based upon the information known to management, there were no legal proceedings that management believes would have a material adverse effect on the results of operations or consolidated financial position at September 30, 2024. 
 
 In connection with certain asset sales, the Bank typically makes representations and warranties about the underlying assets conforming to specified guidelines. If the underlying assets do not conform to the specifications, the Bank may have an obligation to repurchase the assets or indemnify the purchaser against any loss. The Bank believes that the potential for material loss under these arrangements is remote. Accordingly, the fair value of such obligations is not material. 

Note 12: DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING 

43 

Table of Contents 

 Interest rate swaps not designated in hedge relationships Master netting agreements ) ) ) ) Cash offset/(settlement) ) Net interest rate swaps Risk participation agreements Mortgage loan commitments Forward sales contracts Total 
 
 The Company s asset derivatives are included in other assets, while the liability derivatives are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps used in Cash Flow Hedges: The Company s floating rate loans result in exposure to losses in value or net interest income as interest rates change. The risk management objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to reduce volatility in net interest income and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company entered into interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing floating rate loans. These hedge contracts involve the receipt of fixed-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making floating-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. 
 
 For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the unrealized gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in AOCI and subsequently reclassified into interest income in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Amounts reported in AOCI related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest income as interest payments are made on the Company s variable-rate assets. During the next 12 months, the Company estimates that an additional million will be reclassified as a decrease to interest income. 
 
 Interest Income ) ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in AOCI on Derivative Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in AOCI Included Component Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in AOCI Excluded Component Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized from AOCI into Income Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income Included Component Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income Excluded Component Interest rate swaps ) ) Interest Income ) ) 
 
 44 

Table of Contents ) Interest Income ) ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in AOCI on Derivative Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in AOCI Included Component Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in AOCI Excluded Component Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized from AOCI into Income Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income Included Component Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income Excluded Component Interest rate swaps ) ) Interest Income ) ) 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we recorded total net unrealized losses on cash flow hedges in AOCI of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps: The Bank uses an interest rate swap program for commercial loan clients that provides the client with a variable-rate loan and enters into an interest rate swap in which the client receives a variable-rate payment in exchange for a fixed-rate payment. The Bank offsets its risk exposure by entering into an offsetting interest rate swap with a dealer counterparty for the same notional amount and length of term as the client interest rate swap providing the dealer counterparty with a fixed-rate payment in exchange for a variable-rate payment. These swaps do not qualify as designated hedges; therefore, each swap is accounted for as a freestanding derivative. 
 
 Risk Participation Agreements: In conjunction with the purchase or sale of participating interests in loans, the Company also participates in related swaps through risk participation agreements. The existing credit derivatives resulting from these participations are not designated as hedges as they are not used to manage interest rate risk in the Company s assets or liabilities and are not speculative. 
 
 Mortgage Loan Commitments: The Company sells originated one- to four-family mortgage loans into the secondary mortgage loan markets. During the period of loan origination and prior to the sale of the loans into the secondary market, the Company has exposure to movements in interest rates associated with written interest rate lock commitments with potential borrowers to originate one- to four-family loans that are intended to be sold and for closed one- to four-family mortgage loans held for sale for which fair value accounting has been elected, that are awaiting sale and delivery into the secondary market. The Company economically hedges the risk of changing interest rates associated with these mortgage loan commitments by entering into forward sales contracts to sell one- to four-family mortgage loans or mortgage-backed securities to broker/dealers at specific prices and dates. 
 
 ) Forward sales contracts ) ) ) ) 
 
 The Company is exposed to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty to these agreements. Credit risk of the financial contract is controlled through the credit approval, limits, and monitoring procedures and management does not expect the counterparties to fail their obligations. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 obligations to dealer counterparties related to these agreements. The Company generally posts collateral against derivative liabilities in the form of cash, government agency-issued bonds, mortgage-backed securities, or commercial mortgage-backed securities. Collateral posted against derivative liabilities was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The collateral posted included restricted cash of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Derivative assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value on the balance sheet. Master netting agreements allow the Company to settle all derivative contracts held with a single counterparty on a net basis and to offset net derivative positions with related collateral where applicable. In addition, some interest rate swap derivatives between the Company and the dealer counterparties are cleared through central clearing houses. These clearing houses characterize the variation margin payments as settlements of the derivative s market exposure and not as collateral. The variation margin is treated as an adjustment to our cash collateral, as well as a corresponding adjustment to our derivative liability. The variation margin adjustment was a positive adjustment of million and a negative adjustment of as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The following tables present additional information related to the Company s derivative contracts, by type of financial instrument, 
 ) ) Derivative liabilities Interest rate swaps ) ) December 31, 2023 Gross Amounts of Financial Instruments Not Offset in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition Gross Amounts Recognized Amounts offset in the Statement of Financial Condition Net Amounts in the Statement of Financial Condition Netting Adjustment Per Applicable Master Netting Agreements Fair Value of Financial Collateral in the Statement of Financial Condition Net Amount Derivative assets Interest rate swaps ) ) Derivative liabilities Interest rate swaps ) ) ) ) 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Executive Overview 
 
 Banner is a bank holding company incorporated in the State of Washington, which wholly owns one subsidiary bank, Banner Bank. The Bank is a Washington-chartered commercial bank that conducts business from its main office in Walla Walla, Washington, and as of September 30, 2024, it had 135 branch offices and 13 loan production offices located in Washington, Oregon, California, Idaho and Utah. Banner is subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve. The Bank is subject to regulation by the Washington State Department of Financial Institutions-Division of Banks (the DFI) and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC). As of September 30, 2024, we had total consolidated assets of 16.19 billion, total loans of 11.22 billion, total deposits of 13.54 billion and total shareholders equity of 1.79 billion. 
 
 The Bank is a regional bank that offers a wide variety of commercial banking services and financial products to individuals, businesses and public sector entities in its primary market areas. The Bank s primary business is that of traditional banking institutions, accepting deposits and originating loans in locations surrounding our offices in Washington, Oregon, California, Idaho and Utah. The Bank is also an active participant in secondary loan markets, engaging in mortgage banking operations through the origination and sale of one- to four-family residential loans. Lending activities include commercial business and commercial real estate loans, agriculture business loans, construction and land development loans, one- to four-family and multifamily residential loans, SBA loans and consumer loans. 
 
 The Company s successful execution of its super community bank model and strategic initiatives has delivered solid core operating results and profitability over the last several years. The Company s longer term strategic initiatives continue to focus on originating high quality assets and client acquisition, which we believe will continue to generate strong revenue while maintaining the Company s moderate risk profile. 
 
 Third Quarter 2024 Financial Highlights 
 Revenue was 153.7 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 149.7 million in the preceding quarter. 
 Adjusted revenue (the total of net interest income and total non-interest income adjusted for the net gain or loss on the sale of securities and the net change in valuation of financial instruments) was 153.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 150.5 million in the preceding quarter. 
 Net interest income was 135.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 132.5 million in the preceding quarter. 
 Net interest margin, on a tax equivalent basis, was 3.72 , compared to 3.70 in the preceding quarter. 
 Mortgage banking operations revenue was 3.2 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 3.0 million in the preceding quarter. 
 Return on average assets was 1.13 , compared to 1.02 in the preceding quarter. 
 Net loans receivable increased 1 to 11.07 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 10.99 billion at June 30, 2024. 
 Non-performing assets were 45.2 million, or 0.28 of total assets, at September 30, 2024, compared to 33.3 million, or 0.21 of total assets at June 30, 2024. 
 The allowance for credit losses - loans was 154.6 million, or 1.38 of total loans receivable, as of September 30, 2024, compared to 152.8 million, or 1.37 of total loans receivable, at June 30, 2024. 
 Total deposits increased to 13.54 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 13.08 billion at June 30, 2024. 
 Core deposits represented 89 of total deposits at September 30, 2024. 
 Dividends paid to shareholders were 0.48 per share in the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 Common shareholders equity per share increased 6 to 52.06 at September 30, 2024, compared to 49.07 at the preceding quarter end. 
 Tangible common shareholders equity per share increased 8 to 41.12 at September 30, 2024, compared to 38.12 at the preceding quarter end. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures: Management has presented non-GAAP financial measures in this discussion and analysis because it believes these measures provide useful and comparative information to assess trends in our core operations and to facilitate the comparison of our performance with the performance of our peers. However, these non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and are not a substitute for any analysis based on GAAP. Where applicable, we have also presented comparable earnings information using GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures, see the tables below. Because not all companies use the same calculations, our presentation may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures as calculated by other companies. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted revenue, adjusted diluted earnings per share, adjusted return on average assets, adjusted return on average equity and adjusted efficiency ratio are non-GAAP financial measures. To calculate these non-GAAP measures, we make adjustments to our GAAP revenues and expenses as reported on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide information to investors that is useful in evaluating the operating performance and trends of financial services companies, including the Company (dollars in thousands except per share data). 
 Quarters Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 2024 2023 ADJUSTED REVENUE Net interest income (GAAP) 135,675 132,546 141,766 401,180 437,596 Non-interest income (GAAP) 18,063 17,199 12,658 46,853 30,357 Total revenue (GAAP) 153,738 149,745 154,424 448,033 467,953 Exclude: Net loss on sale of securities 562 2,657 5,465 14,436 Net change in valuation of financial instruments carried at fair value (39) 190 654 1,143 4,357 Adjusted revenue (non-GAAP) 153,699 150,497 157,735 454,641 486,746 
 Quarters Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 2024 2023 ADJUSTED EARNINGS Net income (GAAP) 45,153 39,795 45,854 122,507 141,000 Exclude: Net loss on sale of securities 562 2,657 5,465 14,436 Net change in valuation of financial instruments carried at fair value (39) 190 654 1,143 4,357 Banner Forward expenses (1) 
 996 1,334 Related net tax expense (benefit) 9 (180) (1,033) (1,586) (4,830) Total adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) 45,123 40,367 49,128 127,529 156,297 Diluted earnings per share (GAAP) 1.30 1.15 1.33 3.54 4.09 Adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP) 1.30 1.17 1.43 3.69 4.54 Return on average assets 1.13 1.02 1.17 1.04 1.21 Adjusted return on average assets (2) 
 1.13 1.04 1.25 1.08 1.34 Return on average equity 10.39 9.69 11.68 9.76 12.27 Adjusted return on average equity (3) 
 10.39 9.83 12.51 10.16 13.60 
 Quarters Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 2024 2023 ADJUSTED EFFICIENCY RATIO Non-interest expense (GAAP) 96,291 98,128 95,891 292,060 285,917 Exclude: Banner Forward expenses (1) 
 (996) (1,334) CDI amortization (590) (724) (857) (2,037) (2,898) State and municipal tax expense (1,432) (1,394) (1,359) (4,130) (3,888) REO operations (103) (297) 383 (180) 585 Adjusted non-interest expense (non-GAAP) 94,166 95,713 93,062 285,713 278,382 Net interest income (GAAP) 135,675 132,546 141,766 401,180 437,596 Non-interest income (GAAP) 18,063 17,199 12,658 46,853 30,357 Total revenue (GAAP) 153,738 149,745 154,424 448,033 467,953 Exclude: Net loss on sale of securities 562 2,657 5,465 14,436 Net change in valuation of financial instruments carried at fair value (39) 190 654 1,143 4,357 Adjusted revenue (non-GAAP) 153,699 150,497 157,735 454,641 486,746 Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 62.63 65.53 62.10 65.19 61.10 Adjusted efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) (4) 
 61.27 63.60 59.00 62.84 57.19 
 (1) Included in miscellaneous expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 (2) Adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) divided by average assets. 
 (3) Adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) divided by average equity. 
 (4) Adjusted non-interest expense (non-GAAP) divided by adjusted revenue. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The ratio of tangible common shareholders equity to tangible assets is also a non-GAAP financial measure. We calculate tangible common equity by excluding goodwill and other intangible assets from shareholders equity. We calculate tangible assets by excluding the balance of goodwill and other intangible assets from total assets. We believe that this is consistent with the treatment by our bank regulatory agencies, which exclude goodwill and other intangible assets from the calculation of risk-based capital ratios. Management believes that this non-GAAP financial measure provides information to investors that is useful in understanding the basis of our capital position (dollars in thousands except share and per share data). 
 TANGIBLE COMMON SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY TO TANGIBLE ASSETS September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Shareholders equity (GAAP) 1,793,721 1,690,766 1,652,691 1,520,607 Exclude goodwill and other intangible assets, net 376,768 377,358 378,805 379,663 Tangible common shareholders equity (non-GAAP) 1,416,953 1,313,408 1,273,886 1,140,944 Total assets (GAAP) 16,188,676 15,816,194 15,670,391 15,507,880 Exclude goodwill and other intangible assets, net 376,768 377,358 378,805 379,663 Total tangible assets (non-GAAP) 15,811,908 15,438,836 15,291,586 15,128,217 Common shareholders equity to total assets (GAAP) 11.08 10.69 10.55 9.81 Tangible common shareholders equity to tangible assets (non-GAAP) 8.96 8.51 8.33 7.54 TANGIBLE COMMON SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY PER SHARE September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Shareholders equity (GAAP) 1,793,721 1,690,766 1,652,691 1,520,607 Tangible common shareholders equity (non-GAAP) 1,416,953 1,313,408 1,273,886 1,140,944 Common shares outstanding at end of period 34,456,688 34,455,752 34,348,369 34,345,949 Common shareholders equity (book value) per share (GAAP) 52.06 49.07 48.12 44.27 Tangible common shareholders equity (tangible book value) per share (non-GAAP) 41.12 38.12 37.09 33.22 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to assist in understanding our financial condition and results of operations. The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Selected Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 

Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our critical accounting estimates are described in detail in the Critical Accounting Estimates section of our 2023 Form 10-K. The condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP and follow general practices within the financial services industry in which the Company operates. This preparation requires management to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions, and judgments are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements. As this information changes, actual results could differ from the estimates, assumptions, and judgments reflected in the financial statements. Certain estimates inherently have a greater reliance on the use of assumptions and judgments and, as such, have a greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different than originally reported. Management believes that the allowance for credit losses and fair value require significant judgements and assumptions which are susceptible to significant changes based on the current environment. There have been no significant changes in our application of critical accounting estimates since December 31, 2023. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Financial Condition at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 
 General : Total assets increased 518.3 million to 16.19 billion at September 30, 2024, from 15.67 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to loan growth and an increase in cash in interest-bearing deposits, partially offset by a decrease in the securities portfolio. 
 
 Loans and lending: Loans are our most significant and generally highest yielding earning assets. We attempt to maintain a total loans to total deposits ratio at a level designed to enhance our revenues, while adhering to sound underwriting practices and appropriate diversification guidelines in order to maintain a moderate risk profile. Our loan to deposit ratio at September 30, 2024 was 83 . We offer a wide range of loan products to meet the demands of our clients. Our lending activities are primarily directed toward the origination of real estate and commercial loans. Total loans receivable (gross loans less deferred fees and discounts and excluding loans held for sale) increased 414.2 million at September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, reflecting increased commercial real estate loans, multifamily loans, one-to-four family residential loans, land and land development loans and commercial business loans, partially offset by decreased commercial construction and one-to-four family construction loans. At September 30, 2024, loans receivable totaled 11.22 billion compared to 10.81 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The following table sets forth the composition of the Company s loans receivable by type of loan as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 Percentage Change Sep 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Year End Prior Year Qtr. End Commercial real estate: Owner-occupied 990,516 915,897 911,540 8 9 Investment properties 1,583,863 1,541,344 1,530,087 3 4 Small balance CRE 1,218,822 1,178,500 1,169,828 3 4 Total Commercial real estate 3,793,201 3,635,741 3,611,455 4 5 Multifamily real estate 889,866 811,232 766,571 10 16 Construction, land and land development: Commercial construction 124,051 170,011 168,061 (27) (26) Multifamily construction 524,108 503,993 453,129 4 16 One- to four-family construction 507,350 526,432 536,349 (4) (5) Land and land development 370,690 336,639 346,362 10 7 Total Construction, land and land development 1,526,199 1,537,075 1,503,901 (1) 1 Commercial business: Commercial business 1,281,615 1,255,734 1,263,747 2 1 Small business scored 1,087,714 1,022,154 1,000,714 6 9 Total Commercial business 2,369,329 2,277,888 2,264,461 4 5 Agricultural business, including secured by farmland 346,686 331,089 334,626 5 4 One- to four-family residential 1,575,164 1,518,046 1,438,694 4 9 Consumer: Consumer home equity revolving lines of credit 622,615 588,703 579,836 6 7 Consumer other 101,546 110,681 111,873 (8) (9) Total Consumer 724,161 699,384 691,709 4 5 Total loans receivable 11,224,606 10,810,455 10,611,417 4 6 
 
 Commercial real estate loans totaled 3.79 billion, or 34 of our loan portfolio, and multifamily real estate loans totaled 889.9 million, or 8 of our loan portfolio, at September 30, 2024. Commercial real estate loans increased by 157.5 million during the first nine months of 2024, while multifamily real estate loans increased by 78.6 million, primarily due to the conversion of construction loans to the permanent loans upon the completion of the construction phase. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Our construction, land and land development loans totaled 1.53 billion, or 14 of our loan portfolio, at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.54 billion at December 31, 2023. Multifamily construction loans increased 20.1 million, or 4 , to 524.1 million at September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023. Multifamily construction and one- to four-family construction loans each represented approximately 5 of our total loan portfolio at September 30, 2024. Multifamily construction loans were comprised primarily of affordable housing projects and, to a lesser extent, market rate multifamily projects across our footprint. Commercial construction loans decreased 46.0 million, or 27 , to 124.1 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 170.0 million at December 31, 2023, due to the completion of the construction phase. Land and land development loans increased 34.1 million, or 10 , to 370.7 million at September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023. 
 
 Our commercial business lending is directed toward meeting the credit and related deposit needs of various small- to medium-sized business and agribusiness borrowers operating in our primary market areas. Our commercial and agricultural business loans were 2.72 billion at September 30, 2024 and 2.60 billion at December 31, 2023. Commercial and agricultural business loans represented approximately 24 of our loan portfolio at September 30, 2024. Our commercial business lending also includes participation in certain syndicated loans, including shared national credits, which totaled 226.2 million, or 2 of our loan portfolio, at September 30, 2024, compared to 239.0 million, or 2 of our loan portfolio, at December 31, 2023. 
 
 We are active originators of one- to four-family residential loans in most communities where we have established offices in Washington, Oregon, California, Idaho and Utah. Most of the one- to four-family residential loans we originate in normal market conditions are sold in secondary markets with net gains on sales and loan servicing fees reflected in our revenues from mortgage banking operations. At September 30, 2024, one- to four-family residential loans retained in our portfolio increased 57.1 million, to 1.58 billion, compared to 1.52 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase in one- to four-family residential loans was primarily the result of a higher percentage of one- to four-family construction loans converting to one- to four-family residential loans, offset by the transfer of certain pools of one- to four-family residential loans to held for sale. One- to four-family residential loans represented 14 of our loan portfolio at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our consumer loan activity is primarily directed at meeting demand from our existing deposit clients. At September 30, 2024, consumer loans, including home equity revolving lines of credit, increased 24.8 million to 724.2 million, compared to 699.4 million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The following table shows the commitment amount for loan origination activity (excluding loans held for sale) for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Sep 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Commercial real estate 114,372 102,258 62,337 283,992 232,745 Multifamily real estate 314 2,774 12,725 3,473 51,686 Construction and land 472,506 546,675 421,656 1,456,454 1,158,478 Commercial business 179,871 167,168 157,833 501,754 418,063 Agricultural business 5,877 22,255 17,466 62,538 69,014 One-to four- family residential 24,488 34,498 43,622 76,554 130,505 Consumer 96,137 120,470 70,043 282,752 243,486 Total commitment amount for loan originations (excluding loans held for sale) 893,565 996,098 785,682 2,667,517 2,303,977 
 
 Loans held for sale increased to 78.8 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 11.2 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in loans held for sale was primarily the result of the transfer of 47.5 million of one- to four-family residential loans from portfolio to held for sale during the third quarter of 2024. Originations of loans held for sale increased to 197.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 187.1 million for the same period last year. The volume of one- to four-family residential mortgage loans sold was 255.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 190.4 million in the same period a year ago. 
 
 The following table presents loans by geographic concentration at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 Sep 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Percentage Change Amount Percentage Amount Amount Year End Prior Year Qtr. End Washington 5,203,637 46 5,095,602 5,046,028 2 3 California 2,796,965 25 2,670,923 2,570,175 5 9 Oregon 2,108,229 19 1,974,001 1,929,531 7 9 Idaho 652,148 6 610,064 600,648 7 9 Utah 85,316 1 68,931 57,711 24 48 Other 378,311 3 390,934 407,324 (3) (7) Total loans receivable 11,224,606 100 10,810,455 10,611,417 4 6 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Investment Securities: Total securities decreased 181.0 million to 3.25 billion at September 30, 2024, from 3.43 billion at December 31, 2023, primarily due to securities sales, paydowns and maturities exceeding purchases during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. Purchases during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, consisted primarily of state and local government obligations. The average effective duration of the Company s securities portfolio was 6.3 years at September 30, 2024, compared to 6.5 years at December 31, 2023. Fair value adjustments for securities designated as available-for-sale increased 64.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which was included, net of the associated tax expense of 15.5 million, as a component of other comprehensive income, and occurred as a result of decreases in market interest rates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Deposits: Deposits, client retail repurchase agreements and loan repayments are the major sources of our funds for lending and other investment purposes. We compete with other financial institutions and financial intermediaries in attracting deposits and we generally attract deposits within our primary market areas. Much of the focus of our branch strategy and marketing efforts over the last several years have been directed toward attracting additional deposit client relationships and balances. This effort has been particularly directed towards emphasizing core deposit activity in non-interest-bearing and other transaction and savings accounts. Despite rate sensitive deposits shifting out of non-interest-bearing deposits due to clients seeking higher yields on their deposits, our strategy of focusing on relationship banking remains intact. 
 
 The following table sets forth the Company s deposits by type of deposit account as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 Percentage Change Sep 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Year End Prior Year Qtr. End Non-interest-bearing 4,688,244 4,792,369 5,197,854 (2) (10) Interest-bearing checking 2,344,561 2,098,526 2,006,866 12 17 Regular savings accounts 3,339,859 2,980,530 2,751,453 12 21 Money market accounts 1,643,631 1,680,605 1,760,066 (2) (7) Interest-bearing transaction savings accounts 7,328,051 6,759,661 6,518,385 8 12 Total core deposits 12,016,295 11,552,030 11,716,239 4 3 Interest-bearing certificates 1,521,853 1,477,467 1,458,313 3 4 Total deposits 13,538,148 13,029,497 13,174,552 4 3 
 
 Total deposits increased 508.7 million at September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, with core deposits increasing 464.3 million and certificates of deposit increasing 44.4 million. The increase in core deposits primarily reflects an increase in third-party insured sweep accounts and normal seasonal increases primarily from agricultural clients. The increase in certificates of deposit is a result of higher rates attracting clients to these deposit types. We had 50.3 million of brokered deposits at September 30, 2024, compared to 108.1 million at December 31, 2023. Core deposits represented 89 of total deposits at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Competition for deposits in our market areas remains strong. 
 
 The following table sets forth the number and average account balance of the Company s deposit accounts as of the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 Sep 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Number of deposit accounts 459,127 463,750 466,159 Average account balance per account 30 29 28 
 
 The following table presents deposits by geographic concentration at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 Sep 30, 2024 Dec 31, 2023 Sep 30, 2023 Percentage Change Amount Percentage Amount Amount Year End Prior Year Qtr. End Washington 7,413,414 55 7,247,392 7,241,341 2 2 Oregon 2,997,843 22 2,852,677 2,918,446 5 3 California 2,423,295 18 2,269,557 2,342,345 7 3 Idaho 703,596 5 659,871 672,420 7 5 Total deposits 13,538,148 100 13,029,497 13,174,552 4 3 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Borrowings: We had 230.0 million of FHLB advances at September 30, 2024, compared to 323.0 million at December 31, 2023. Other borrowings, consisting of retail repurchase agreements primarily related to client cash management accounts, decreased 28.3 million to 154.5 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 182.9 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease in borrowings reflects the increased use of deposits to fund loan growth. At September 30, 2024, the Company s off-balance sheet liquidity included additional borrowing capacity of 3.23 billion at the FHLB and 1.53 billion at the Federal Reserve as well as federal funds line of credit agreements with other financial institutions of 125.0 million. Junior subordinated debentures totaled 66.3 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 66.4 million at December 31, 2023. Subordinated notes, net of issuance costs were 80.2 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 92.9 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease was due to Banner Bank s purchase of 13.0 million of Banner s subordinated debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Shareholders Equity: Total shareholders equity increased 141.0 million to 1.79 billion, or 11.08 of total assets, at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.65 billion, or 10.55 of total assets, at December 31, 2023. The increase in shareholders equity was primarily due to a 72.3 million increase in retained earnings as a result of 122.5 million in net income, partially offset by the accrual of cash dividends during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In addition, accumulated other comprehensive loss decreased by 63.6 million, primarily due to a decrease in the unrealized losses on the security portfolio. There were no shares of common stock repurchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Tangible common shareholders equity, which excludes goodwill and other intangible assets and is a non-GAAP financial measure, increased 143.1 million to 1.42 billion, or 8.96 of tangible assets, at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.27 billion, or 8.33 of tangible assets at December 31, 2023. A reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to its comparable GAAP financial measure is presented above following Third Quarter 2024 Financial Highlights. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, and for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, net income was 45.2 million, or 1.30 per diluted share, compared to 39.8 million, or 1.15 per diluted share, for the preceding quarter. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net income was 122.5 million, or 3.54 per diluted share, compared to 141.0 million, or 4.09 per diluted share for the same period a year earlier. The increase in net income for the current quarter compared to the preceding quarter was primarily due to an increase in revenue with increases in both net interest income and non-interest income as well as decreases in non-interest expense and the provision for credit losses. Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, included a decrease in net interest income and an increase in non-interest expense, partially offset by an increase in non-interest income and a decrease in the provision for credit losses. 
 
 The increase in net interest income compared to the preceding quarter reflects an increase in interest-earning assets and net interest margin. Net interest margin for the current quarter benefited from increased yields on loans due to new loans being originated at higher interest rates and adjustable rate loans repricing higher, partially offset by increased funding costs. On September 18, 2024, the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve System decreased the target range for the federal funds rate by 50 basis points, and as the change occurred late in the third quarter of 2024, it had minimal impact on our current quarter net interest margin. 
 
 We recorded a 1.7 million provision for credit losses for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to a 2.4 million provision for credit losses in the preceding quarter. The provision for credit losses for the current quarter primarily reflected an increase in the reserve for collateral dependent loans. The provision for credit losses for the preceding quarter primarily reflected loan growth and an increase in the reserve for collateral dependent loans. We recorded a 4.6 million provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to an 8.3 million provision for credit losses for the same period a year ago. 
 
 Total non-interest income increased for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to the preceding quarter and increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period a year ago. The increase in non-interest income during the current quarter compared to the preceding quarter was primarily due to decreases in the net loss recognized on the sale of securities and in the net loss recognized for fair value adjustments on financial instruments carried at fair value. The increase in non-interest income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period last year was also primarily due to a reduction in the net loss recognized on the sale of securities and a decrease in the net loss recognized for fair value adjustments on financial instruments carried at fair value as well as an increase in mortgage banking operations revenues. 
 
 Total non-interest expense decreased for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to the preceding quarter and increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period a year ago. The decrease in non-interest expense for the current quarter compared to the prior quarter reflects a decrease in salary and employee benefits, primarily resulting from decreased medical premiums expense and unemployment and workers compensation expense. The increase in non-interest expense compared to the same period a year ago primarily reflects increases in salary and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment expense, payment and card processing services expense and deposit insurance expense, partially offset by a decrease in professional and legal expenses. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 OPERATING DATA: 
 Quarters Ended Nine Months Ended (In thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest income 195,841 189,138 179,064 569,667 517,834 Interest expense 60,166 56,592 37,298 168,487 80,238 Net interest income 135,675 132,546 141,766 401,180 437,596 Provision for credit losses 1,692 2,369 2,027 4,581 8,267 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 133,983 130,177 139,739 396,599 429,329 Deposit fees and other service charges 10,741 10,590 10,916 32,353 32,078 Mortgage banking operations 3,180 3,006 2,049 8,521 6,426 Net loss on sale of securities (562) (2,657) (5,465) (14,436) Net change in valuation of financial instruments carried at fair value 
 39 (190) (654) (1,143) (4,357) All other non-interest income 4,103 4,355 3,004 12,587 10,646 Total non-interest income 
 18,063 17,199 12,658 46,853 30,357 Salary and employee benefits 61,832 63,831 61,091 188,032 184,452 All other non-interest expenses 34,459 34,297 34,800 104,028 101,465 Total non-interest expense 
 96,291 98,128 95,891 292,060 285,917 Income before provision for income tax expense 
 55,755 49,248 56,506 151,392 173,769 Provision for income tax expense 10,602 9,453 10,652 28,885 32,769 Net income 45,153 39,795 45,854 122,507 141,000 
 
 PER COMMON SHARE DATA: Quarters Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income: Basic 1.31 1.15 1.33 3.56 4.11 Diluted 1.30 1.15 1.33 3.54 4.09 
 
 Net Interest Income. Net interest income increased for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to the preceding quarter. The increase was primarily due to increases in the average yields on loans, partially offset by an increase in the cost of funding liabilities. 
 
 Net interest margin on a tax equivalent basis increased two basis points to 3.72 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 3.70 in the preceding quarter. Net interest margin for the current quarter benefited from increased yields on loans due to new loans being originated at higher interest rates and adjustable rate loans repricing higher, partially offset by increased funding costs. The increase in the overall cost of funding liabilities was primarily due to the increase in rates across all deposits and other borrowings due to competition for deposits in the higher rate environment, as well as an increase in the average balances of higher costing interest-bearing checking accounts and savings accounts. 
 
 Net interest income decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period one year earlier, primarily due to increased funding costs, partially offset by an increase in the average yields on interest-earning assets. The higher funding costs and average yields on interest-earning assets compared to same period a year ago was primarily the result of higher interest rates. The higher funding costs was also impacted by a shift in the average balance of non-interest-bearing deposits to higher costing interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts and certificates of deposit. The net interest margin on a tax equivalent basis decreased to 3.72 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.07 for the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Interest Income. Interest income for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 195.8 million, compared to 189.1 million for the preceding quarter. The increase in interest income primarily reflects increases in both the average yields and average balances of loans. The increased yield on interest-earning assets was primarily a result of average yields on total interest-earning assets increasing eight basis points. 
 
 The increased interest income on loans for the current quarter compared to the preceding quarter was due to the average loan yields increasing to 6.04 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, from 5.96 in the preceding quarter, as the loan portfolio continued to reprice to higher interest rates for the majority of the quarter. The average balance of loans receivable for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the preceding quarter, primarily reflecting increases in the average balances of mortgage loans, specifically commercial real estate and multifamily loans. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Interest and dividend income on total investment securities for the current quarter decreased from the preceding quarter due to a lower average yield earned on total investment securities during the current quarter compared to the preceding quarter and a decrease in the average balance of total investment securities. The average balance of total investment securities decreased to 3.63 billion for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (excluding the effect of fair value adjustments), compared to 3.71 billion for the preceding quarter. The average yield on the combined portfolio decreased to 3.12 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, from 3.14 in the preceding quarter. 
 
 Interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 569.7 million, compared to 517.8 million for the same period in the prior year, primarily reflecting an increase in the average yield on interest-earning assets, mostly due to the high interest rate environment, as well as an increase in the average balance of interest-earning assets. 
 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 increased 3.6 million, or 6 , compared to the preceding quarter. The increase occurred as a result of a seven basis-point increase in the average cost of all funding liabilities to 1.73 and an increase in the average balance of funding liabilities during the current quarter. The average balance of funding liabilities increased primarily due to higher average balances of interest-bearing transaction and savings accounts, partially offset by a decrease in the average balance of non-interest-bearing deposits and FHLB advances. 
 
 Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 168.5 million, compared to 80.2 million for the same period in the prior year. The increase occurred as a result of an increase in the average cost of all funding liabilities compared to the same period in the prior year, partially offset by a decrease in average balances of funding liabilities. The decrease in the overall average balance of funding liabilities primarily reflects decreases in non-interest-bearing deposits, money market accounts and other borrowings, partially offset by higher average balances of interest-bearing transaction checking and savings accounts and certificates of deposit. 
 
 Deposit interest expense for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 increased 4.9 million, or 10 , compared to the preceding quarter. The increase was the result of a larger percentage of core deposits being in interest-bearing accounts and an increase in higher cost certificates of deposit, as well as an overall increase in the average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits. The cost of interest-bearing deposits increased to 2.45 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.32 in the preceding quarter. The increase in the average cost of interest-bearing deposits was primarily the result of an increase in the cost of interest-bearing checking and savings accounts. The average rate paid on total deposits, which includes non-interest-bearing deposits, was 1.61 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.50 in the preceding quarter. Average deposit balances increased to 13.32 billion for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, from 13.10 billion for the preceding quarter. 
 
 Deposit interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased to 147.2 million, compared to 60.8 million for the same period in the prior year. The average cost of interest-bearing deposits increased to 2.31 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.07 in the same period a year earlier. The increase in the cost of interest-bearing deposits was the result of an overall increase in the average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits, reflecting the increase in market interest rates. Average total deposit balances increased to 13.16 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 13.14 billion for the same period a year earlier, while the average rate paid on total deposits increased to 1.49 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 0.62 for the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Interest expense on total borrowings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 decreased 1.4 million, or 18 , compared to the prior quarter, primarily due to a decrease in the average balance of total borrowings. The average balance of total borrowings decreased to 499.9 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 614.2 million for the preceding quarter, primarily due to a 98.1 million decrease in the average balance of FHLB advances. The average rate paid on total borrowings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 increased to 5.08 from 5.07 for the preceding quarter. 
 
 Interest expense on total borrowings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased to 21.2 million from 19.5 million for the same period a year earlier due to an increase in the rate paid on total borrowings, partially offset by a decrease in the average balance of total borrowings. The average balance of total borrowings was 562.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 610.4 million for the same period a year earlier. The decrease was primarily due to a 32.1 million decrease in the average balance of other borrowings. The average rate paid on total borrowings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased to 5.04 from 4.26 for the same period a year earlier. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Analysis of Net Interest Spread . The following table presents for the periods indicated our condensed average balance sheet information, together with interest income and yields earned on average interest-earning assets and interest expense and rates paid on average interest-bearing liabilities with additional comparative data on our operating performance (dollars in thousands). Average balances are computed using daily average balances. 
 ANALYSIS OF NET INTEREST SPREAD Quarters Ended (rates / ratios annualized) Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest and Dividends Yield / Cost (3) 
 Average Balance Interest and Dividends Yield / Cost (3) 
 Interest-earning assets: Held for sale loans 26,954 453 6.69 11,665 206 7.10 Mortgage loans 9,207,468 135,497 5.85 9,006,857 129,230 5.77 Commercial/agricultural loans 1,879,215 32,547 6.89 1,874,039 31,761 6.82 Consumer and other loans 128,548 2,154 6.67 132,661 2,156 6.54 Total loans (1) 
 11,242,185 170,651 6.04 11,025,222 163,353 5.96 Mortgage-backed securities 2,623,399 16,498 2.50 2,672,187 16,850 2.54 Other securities 943,310 11,120 4.69 958,809 11,181 4.69 Interest-bearing deposits with banks 51,604 493 3.80 58,022 578 4.01 FHLB stock 16,664 412 9.84 21,080 365 6.96 Total investment securities 3,634,977 28,523 3.12 3,710,098 28,974 3.14 Total interest-earning assets 14,877,162 199,174 5.33 14,735,320 192,327 5.25 Non-interest-earning assets 981,290 926,411 Total assets 15,858,452 15,661,731 Deposits: Interest-bearing checking accounts 2,295,723 9,497 1.65 2,156,214 7,621 1.42 Savings accounts 3,268,647 19,299 2.35 3,147,522 17,200 2.20 Money market accounts 1,611,543 9,184 2.27 1,659,327 9,124 2.21 Certificates of deposit 1,540,637 15,805 4.08 1,503,597 14,905 3.99 Total interest-bearing deposits 8,716,550 53,785 2.45 8,466,660 48,850 2.32 Non-interest-bearing deposits 4,601,755 4,634,738 Total deposits 13,318,305 53,785 1.61 13,101,398 48,850 1.50 Other interest-bearing liabilities: FHLB advances 161,413 2,263 5.58 259,549 3,621 5.61 Other borrowings 159,439 1,147 2.86 175,518 1,160 2.66 Junior subordinated debentures and subordinated notes 179,075 2,971 6.60 179,178 2,961 6.65 Total borrowings 499,927 6,381 5.08 614,245 7,742 5.07 Total funding liabilities 13,818,232 60,166 1.73 13,715,643 56,592 1.66 Other non-interest-bearing liabilities (2) 
 311,803 294,794 Total liabilities 14,130,035 14,010,437 Shareholders equity 1,728,417 1,651,294 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 15,858,452 15,661,731 Net interest income/rate spread (tax equivalent) 139,008 3.60 135,735 3.59 Net interest margin (tax equivalent) 3.72 3.70 Reconciliation to reported net interest income: Adjustments for taxable equivalent basis (3,333) (3,189) Net interest income and margin, as reported 135,675 3.63 132,546 3.62 Additional Key Financial Ratios: Return on average assets 1.13 1.02 Adjusted return on average assets (4) 
 1.13 1.04 Return on average equity 10.39 9.69 Adjusted return on average equity (4) 
 10.39 9.83 Average equity/average assets 10.90 10.54 Average interest-earning assets/average interest-bearing liabilities 161.42 162.27 Average interest-earning assets/average funding liabilities 107.66 107.43 Non-interest income/average assets 0.45 0.44 Non-interest expense/average assets 2.42 2.52 Efficiency ratio 62.63 65.53 Adjusted efficiency ratio (4) 
 61.27 63.60 
 (1) Average balances include loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis and accruing loans 90 days or more past due. Amortization of net deferred loan fees/costs is included with interest on loans. 
 (2) Average other non-interest-bearing liabilities include fair value adjustments related to junior subordinated debentures. 
 (3) Tax-exempt income is calculated on a tax equivalent basis. The tax equivalent yield adjustment to interest earned on loans was 2.3 million and 2.2 million for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. The tax equivalent yield adjustment to interest earned on tax exempt securities was 1.0 million for both the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 
 (4) Represents non-GAAP financial measures. See non-GAAP financial measure reconciliations presented above following Third Quarter 2024 Highlights. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Average Balance Interest and Dividends Yield / Cost (3) 
 Average Balance Interest and Dividends Yield / Cost (3) 
 Interest-earning assets: Held for sale loans 16,225 826 6.80 55,157 2,174 5.27 Mortgage loans 9,036,256 390,011 5.77 8,427,034 337,282 5.35 Commercial/agricultural loans 1,861,182 95,155 6.83 1,768,685 82,803 6.26 Consumer and other loans 131,676 6,506 6.60 138,246 6,478 6.26 Total loans (1) 
 11,045,339 492,498 5.96 10,389,122 428,737 5.52 Mortgage-backed securities 2,674,555 50,424 2.52 2,971,124 55,386 2.49 Other securities 962,183 33,802 4.69 1,220,074 40,155 4.40 Interest-bearing deposits with banks 51,630 1,530 3.96 47,330 1,694 4.79 FHLB stock 18,931 986 6.96 18,772 632 4.50 Total investment securities 3,707,299 86,742 3.13 4,257,300 97,867 3.07 Total interest-earning assets 14,752,638 579,240 5.24 14,646,422 526,604 4.81 Non-interest-earning assets 950,588 930,934 Total assets 15,703,226 15,577,356 Deposits: Interest-bearing checking accounts 2,185,796 23,834 1.46 1,874,518 7,427 0.53 Savings accounts 3,161,266 51,778 2.19 2,604,089 15,179 0.78 Money market accounts 1,648,208 26,696 2.16 1,971,514 16,445 1.12 Certificates of deposit 1,514,982 44,940 3.96 1,118,874 21,733 2.60 Total interest-bearing deposits 8,510,252 147,248 2.31 7,568,995 60,784 1.07 Non-interest-bearing deposits 4,649,297 5,571,896 Total deposits 13,159,549 147,248 1.49 13,140,891 60,784 0.62 Other interest-bearing liabilities: FHLB advances 211,135 8,856 5.60 219,461 8,654 5.27 Other borrowings 171,838 3,482 2.71 203,932 2,251 1.48 Junior subordinated debentures and subordinated notes 179,941 8,901 6.61 186,964 8,549 6.11 Total borrowings 562,914 21,239 5.04 610,357 19,454 4.26 Total funding liabilities 13,722,463 168,487 1.64 13,751,248 80,238 0.78 Other non-interest-bearing liabilities (2) 
 303,367 289,558 Total liabilities 14,025,830 14,040,806 Shareholders equity 1,677,396 1,536,550 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 15,703,226 15,577,356 Net interest income/rate spread (tax equivalent) 410,753 3.60 446,366 4.03 Net interest margin (tax equivalent) 3.72 4.07 Reconciliation to reported net interest income: Adjustments for taxable equivalent basis (9,573) (8,770) Net interest income and margin 401,180 3.63 437,596 3.99 Additional Key Financial Ratios: Return on average assets 1.04 1.21 Adjusted return on average assets (4) 
 1.08 1.34 Return on average equity 9.76 12.27 Adjusted return on average equity (4) 
 10.16 13.60 Average equity/average assets 10.68 9.86 Average interest-earning assets/average interest-bearing liabilities 162.60 179.07 Average interest-earning assets/average funding liabilities 107.51 106.51 Non-interest income/average assets 0.40 0.26 Non-interest expense/average assets 2.48 2.45 Efficiency ratio 65.19 61.10 Adjusted efficiency ratio (4) 
 62.84 57.19 
 (1) Average balances include loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis and accruing loans 90 days or more past due. Amortization of net deferred loan fees/costs is included with interest on loans. 
 (2) Average other non-interest-bearing liabilities include fair value adjustments related to junior subordinated debentures. 
 (3) Tax-exempt income is calculated on a tax equivalent basis. The tax equivalent yield adjustment to interest earned on loans was 6.5 million and 5.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The tax equivalent yield adjustment to interest earned on tax exempt securities was 3.1 million and 3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (4) Represents non-GAAP financial measures. See non-GAAP financial measure reconciliations presented above following Third Quarter 2024 Highlights. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Provision and Allowance for Credit Losses . Management estimates the allowance for credit losses using relevant information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The allowance for credit losses is maintained at a level sufficient to provide for expected credit losses over the life of the loan based on evaluating historical credit loss experience and making adjustments to historical loss information for differences in the specific risk characteristics in the current loan portfolio. These factors include, among others, changes in the size and composition of the loan portfolio, differences in underwriting standards, delinquency rates, actual loss experience and current economic conditions. The following table sets forth an analysis of our allowance for credit losses - loans for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 Quarters Ended 
 Nine Months Ended CHANGE IN THE ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES - LOANS Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Sep 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Balance, beginning of period 152,848 151,140 144,680 149,643 141,465 Provision for credit losses loans 1,967 1,953 2,943 5,344 7,276 Recoveries of loans previously charged off: Commercial real estate 65 98 170 1,552 428 Construction and land 29 29 One- to four-family residential 14 17 59 47 212 Commercial business 613 324 403 1,718 1,046 Agricultural business, including secured by farmland 1 195 19 302 130 Consumer 41 112 126 312 412 734 746 806 3,931 2,257 Loans charged off: Commercial real estate (347) (347) Construction and land (145) (145) (156) One- to four-family residential (34) Commercial business (414) (137) (616) (2,360) (2,340) Agricultural business, including secured by farmland (564) (564) Consumer (405) (507) (289) (1,481) (944) (964) (991) (1,469) (4,333) (4,038) Net charge-offs (230) (245) (663) (402) (1,781) Balance, end of period 154,585 152,848 146,960 154,585 146,960 Net charge-offs / Average loans receivable (0.002) (0.002) (0.006) (0.004) (0.017) Allowance for credit losses - loans as a percentage of total loans 1.38 1.37 1.38 1.38 1.38 
 
 The provision for credit losses - loans reflects the amount required to maintain the allowance for credit losses - loans at an appropriate level based upon management s evaluation of the adequacy of collective and individual loss reserves. During both the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and the preceding quarter, we recorded a provision for credit losses - loans of 2.0 million. The provision for credit losses - loans for the current quarter primarily reflects an increase in the reserve for collateral dependent loans. The provision for credit losses - loans for the preceding quarter primarily reflected loan growth and an increase in the reserve for collateral dependent loans. Future assessments of the expected credit losses will not only be impacted by changes in both the composition and amount of loans, and to the reasonable and supportable forecast, but will also include an updated assessment of qualitative factors, as well as consideration of any required changes in the reasonable and supportable forecast reversion period. 
 
 The provision for credit losses - unfunded loan commitments reflects the amount required to maintain the allowance for credit losses - unfunded loan commitments at an appropriate level based upon management s evaluation of the adequacy of collective and individual loss reserves. The following table sets forth an analysis of our allowance for credit losses - unfunded loan commitments for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 Quarters Ended 
 Nine Months Ended CHANGE IN THE ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES - UNFUNDED LOAN COMMITMENTS Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Sep 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Balance, beginning of period 14,027 13,597 14,664 14,484 14,721 (Recapture) provision for credit losses - unfunded loan commitments (262) 430 346 (719) 289 Balance, end of period 13,765 14,027 15,010 13,765 15,010 
 
 The decrease in the allowance for credit losses - unfunded loan commitments for the current quarter primarily reflects a decrease in unfunded loan commitments in the one- to four-family construction, construction, land and land development, and agricultural loan portfolios. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Non-interest Income. The following table presents the key components of non-interest income for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 Quarters Ended Nine Months Ended Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Change Amount Change Percent Sep 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Change Amount Change Percent Deposit fees and other service charges 10,741 10,590 151 1 32,353 32,078 275 1 Mortgage banking operations 3,180 3,006 174 6 8,521 6,426 2,095 33 Bank owned life insurance 2,445 2,367 78 3 7,049 6,636 413 6 Miscellaneous 1,658 1,988 (330) (17) 5,538 4,010 1,528 38 18,024 17,951 73 53,461 49,150 4,311 9 Net loss on sale of securities (562) 562 (100) (5,465) (14,436) 8,971 (62) Net change in valuation of financial instruments carried at fair value 39 (190) 229 nm (1,143) (4,357) 3,214 (74) Total non-interest income 18,063 17,199 864 5 46,853 30,357 16,496 54 nm = not meaningful 
 
 The increase in non-interest income during the current quarter compared to the preceding quarter was primarily due to decreases in the net loss recognized on the sale of securities and the net loss recognized on the valuation of financial instruments carried at fair value, partially offset by a decrease in miscellaneous income. The increase in non-interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period a year earlier was primarily due to decreases in the net loss recognized on the sale of securities and the net loss recognized on the valuation of financial instruments carried at fair value, as well as increases in revenue from mortgage banking operations and miscellaneous income. 
 Revenue from mortgage banking operations increased 174,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to the preceding quarter and increased 2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period a year earlier. The volume of one- to four-family loans sold during the current quarter and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased relative to the comparable periods, although overall volumes remained low due to reduced refinancing and purchase activity in the current rate environment. The increase was also impacted by increases in the pricing on the one- to four-family loans sold during the current period. The current year also benefited from a 284,000 gain related to the sale of 19.8 million of one- to four-family portfolio loans during the second quarter of 2024. In addition, the prior year period reflected a downward lower of cost or market adjustment on multifamily loans held for sale. In 2023, the Bank discontinued the origination of multifamily loans for sale into the secondary market. All of the multifamily loans held for sale were transferred to the held for investment loan portfolio and the related lower of cost or market adjustment was reversed in the fourth quarter of 2023. Gains on sales of one- to four-family loans resulted in income of 2.1 million and 5.4 million for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 2.0 million in the preceding quarter, and 4.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Home purchase activity accounted for 88 of one- to four-family mortgage loan originations in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 89 in the preceding quarter. 
 
 Miscellaneous income increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period a year earlier, primarily as a result of an increase in the gain on sale of SBA loans. 
 
 There were no sales of securities during the current quarter and the net loss on the sale of securities recognized for the prior periods reflected strategic sales of securities to minimize the impact of increasing rates on our securities portfolio. The net loss for fair value adjustments for changes in the valuation of financial instruments carried at fair value for the prior quarter and the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were due to declines in the current market valuation of limited partnership investments. The net loss for fair value adjustments for changes in the valuation of financial instruments carried at fair value for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was also impacted by declines in the market valuation of investment securities held for trading. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Non-interest Expense. The following table represents key elements of non-interest expense for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 Quarters Ended Nine Months Ended Sep 30, 2024 Jun 30, 2024 Change Amount Change Percent. Sep 30, 2024 Sep 30, 2023 Change Amount Change Percent Salary and employee benefits 61,832 63,831 (1,999) (3) 188,032 184,452 3,580 2 Less capitalized loan origination costs (4,354) (4,639) 285 (6) (12,669) (12,386) (283) 2 Occupancy and equipment 12,040 12,128 (88) (1) 36,630 35,686 944 3 Information and computer data services 7,134 7,240 (106) (1) 21,694 21,347 347 2 Payment and card processing services 5,346 5,691 (345) (6) 16,747 14,459 2,288 16 Professional and legal expenses 2,102 1,201 901 75 4,833 7,563 (2,730) (36) Advertising and marketing 1,161 1,198 (37) (3) 3,438 3,108 330 11 Deposit insurance 2,874 2,858 16 1 8,541 7,603 938 12 State and municipal business and use taxes 1,432 1,394 38 3 4,130 3,888 242 6 Real estate operations, net 103 297 (194) (65) 180 (585) 765 (131) Amortization of core deposit intangibles 590 724 (134) (19) 2,037 2,898 (861) (30) Miscellaneous 6,031 6,205 (174) (3) 18,467 17,884 583 3 Total non-interest expense 96,291 98,128 (1,837) (2) 292,060 285,917 6,143 2 
 
 The decrease in non-interest expense for the current quarter compared to the prior quarter reflects a decrease in salary and employee benefits. The increase in non-interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period a year earlier primarily reflects increases in salary and employee benefits as well as payment and card processing services expense, partially offset by a decrease in professional and legal expenses. Salary and employee benefits increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of normal annual salary and wage increases and an increase in loan production related commission expense. 
 
 Other notable changes included payment and card processing services expense, which increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period a year earlier, primarily due to an increase in online banking costs and fraud losses. Professional and legal expense decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period a year ago primarily due to a reduction in legal and consulting expenses as well as one-time reductions in litigation settlement costs. 
 
 Our efficiency ratio was 62.63 for the current quarter, compared to 65.53 in the preceding quarter. Our adjusted efficiency ratio, a non-GAAP financial measure, was 61.27 for the current quarter, compared to 63.60 in the preceding quarter. The efficiency ratio for the current quarter reflects an increase in total revenues in addition to the decrease in non-interest expenses. See non-GAAP financial measure reconciliations presented above under Third Quarter 2024 Financial Highlights. 
 
 Income Taxes. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 10.6 million in income tax expense for an effective tax rate of 19.0 , which reflects our blended statutory tax rate reduced by the effect of tax-exempt income, certain tax credits, and tax benefits related to restricted stock vesting. Our statutory income tax rate is 23.7 , representing a statutory federal income tax rate of 21.0 and apportioned effects of the state income tax rates. For the quarter ended June 30, 2024, we recognized 9.5 million in income tax expense for an effective tax rate of 19.2 . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 28.9 million in income tax expense for an effective tax rate of 19.1 , compared to 32.8 million in income tax expense for an effective tax rate of 18.9 for the same period in the prior year. 

61 

Table of Contents 

 Asset Quality 
 
 Maintaining a moderate risk profile by employing appropriate underwriting standards, avoiding excessive asset concentrations and aggressively managing troubled assets has been and will continue to be a primary focus for us. We actively engage with our borrowers to resolve adversely classified loans and other problem assets. 
 
 Non-Performing Assets: Non-performing assets totaled 45.2 million, or 0.28 of total assets, at September 30, 2024, compared to 30.1 million, or 0.19 of total assets, at December 31, 2023. Our allowance for credit losses - loans was 154.6 million, or 359 of non-performing loans, at September 30, 2024, compared to 149.6 million, or 506 of non-performing loans, at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to our non-performing assets at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Nonaccrual Loans: Secured by real estate: Commercial 2,127 2,677 1,365 Construction and land 4,286 3,105 5,538 One- to four-family 9,592 5,702 5,480 Commercial business 10,705 9,002 5,289 Agricultural business, including secured by farmland 7,703 3,167 3,170 Consumer 4,636 3,204 3,378 39,049 26,857 24,220 Loans more than 90 days delinquent, still on accrual: Secured by real estate: Commercial 2,258 Construction and land 380 1,138 One- to four-family 961 1,205 1,799 Commercial business 1 Consumer 359 401 245 3,958 2,745 2,044 Total non-performing loans 43,007 29,602 26,264 REO, net 2,221 526 546 Total non-performing assets 45,228 30,128 26,810 Total non-performing assets to total assets 0.28 0.19 0.17 Total nonaccrual loans to total loans receivable 0.35 0.25 0.23 Loans 30-89 days past due and on accrual 13,030 19,744 6,108 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest income was reduced by 1.6 million as a result of nonaccrual loan activity, which included the reversal of 569,000 of accrued interest as of the date the loan was placed on nonaccrual. There was no interest income recognized on nonaccrual loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The following table presents the Company s portfolio of loans by risk grade at the dates indicated (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Pass 11,022,014 10,671,281 10,467,498 Special Mention 52,497 13,732 19,394 Substandard 150,095 125,442 124,525 Total 11,224,606 10,810,455 10,611,417 
 
 The increase in special mention and substandard from December 31, 2023, primarily reflects loan downgrades, partially offset by paydowns and payoffs of substandard loans. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our primary sources of funds are deposits, borrowings, proceeds from loan principal and interest payments and sales of loans, and the maturity of and interest payments on mortgage-backed and investment securities. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are a predictable source of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced by market interest rates, economic conditions, competition and our pricing strategies. 
 
 Our primary investing activity is the origination of loans and, in certain periods, the purchase of securities or loans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our loan originations, including originations of loans held for sale, exceeded our loan repayments by 744.9 million and 666.6 million, respectively. There were 4.7 million of loan purchases during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and no loan purchases during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we received proceeds of 276.8 million and 212.0 million, respectively, from the sale of loans. Securities purchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled 53.2 million and 54.2 million, respectively, and securities repayments, maturities and sales in those periods were 284.4 million and 508.7 million, respectively. 
 
 Our primary financing activity is gathering deposits. Total deposits increased by 508.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to an increase in core deposits. Core deposits were 12.02 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 11.55 billion at December 31, 2023. Certificates of deposit are generally more vulnerable to competition and more price sensitive than other retail deposits and our pricing of those deposits varies significantly based upon our liquidity management strategies at any point in time. At September 30, 2024, certificates of deposit totaled 1.52 billion, or 11 of our total deposits, including 1.46 billion which were scheduled to mature within one year. The increase in certificates of deposit during 2024 was due to clients seeking higher yields moving excess non-interest-bearing funds to higher-yielding certificates of deposit. While no assurance can be given as to future periods, historically, we have been able to retain a significant amount of our certificates of deposit as they mature. 
 
 The Bank s estimated uninsured deposits were 4.39 billion or 32 of total deposits at September 30, 2024, compared to 4.08 billion or 31 of total deposits at December 31, 2023. The estimated uninsured deposit calculation includes 318.0 million and 305.3 million of collateralized public deposits at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Estimated uninsured deposits also includes cash held by the Company of 69.2 million and 108.2 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Banner Bank s estimated uninsured deposits, excluding collateralized public deposits and cash held at the holding company, were 29 of total deposits at September 30, 2024, compared to 28 of total deposits at December 31, 2023. 
 
 We had 230.0 million of FHLB advances at September 30, 2024, compared to 323.0 million at December 31, 2023. Other borrowings decreased to 154.5 million at September 30, 2024 from 182.9 million at December 31, 2023. Subordinated notes, net of issuance costs decreased to 80.2 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 92.9 million at December 31, 2023, due to Banner Bank s purchase of 3.5 million and 9.5 million of Banner s subordinated debt during the first and third quarters of 2024, respectively. 
 
 We must maintain an adequate level of liquidity to ensure the availability of sufficient funds to accommodate deposit withdrawals, to support loan growth, to satisfy financial commitments and to take advantage of investment opportunities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used our sources of funds primarily to fund loan growth. At September 30, 2024, we had outstanding loan commitments totaling 4.01 billion, relating to undisbursed loans in process and unused credit lines. While representing potential growth in the loan portfolio and lending activities, this level of commitments is proportionally consistent with our historical experience and does not represent a departure from normal operations. 
 
 We generally maintain sufficient cash and readily marketable securities to meet short-term liquidity needs; however, our primary liquidity management practice to supplement deposits is to increase or decrease short-term borrowings, including FHLB advances and Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco (FRBSF) borrowings. We maintain credit facilities with the FHLB, which provide for advances that in the aggregate would equal the lesser of 45 of the Bank s assets or adjusted qualifying collateral (subject to a sufficient level of ownership of FHLB stock). At September 30, 2024, under these credit facilities based on pledged collateral, the Bank had 3.23 billion of available credit capacity. Advances under these credit facilities totaled 230.0 million at September 30, 2024. In addition, the Bank has been approved for participation in the FRBSF s Borrower-In-Custody program. Under this program, based on pledged collateral, the Bank had available lines of credit of approximately 1.53 billion as of September 30, 2024, subject to certain collateral requirements, namely the collateral type and risk rating of eligible pledged loans. We had no funds borrowed from the FRBSF at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, the Bank also had uncommitted federal funds line of credit agreements with other financial institutions totaling 125.0 million. No balances were outstanding under these agreements as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Availability of lines is subject to federal funds balances available for loan and continued borrower eligibility. These lines are intended to support short-term liquidity needs and the agreements may restrict consecutive day usage. Management believes it has adequate resources and funding potential to meet our foreseeable liquidity requirements. 
 
 Banner is a separate legal entity from the Bank and, on a stand-alone level, must provide for its own liquidity, and pay its own operating expenses and cash dividends. At September 30, 2024, Banner (on an unconsolidated basis) had liquid assets of 69.5 million. During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, Banner and the Bank entered into an intercompany loan agreement for 50.0 million, which reduced Banner s cash balance while maintaining liquidity with the note receivable from the Bank. The note has a term of one year, automatically renewable each quarter. The note eliminates upon consolidation. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Banner s primary sources of funds consist of capital raised through dividends or capital distributions from the Bank, although there are regulatory restrictions on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends. We currently expect to continue our current practice of paying quarterly cash dividends on our common stock subject to our Board of Directors discretion to modify or terminate this practice at any time and for any reason without prior notice. Our current quarterly common stock dividend rate is 0.48 per share, as approved by our Board of Directors, which we believe is a dividend rate per share which enables us to balance our multiple objectives of managing and investing in the Bank, and returning a substantial portion of our cash to our shareholders. Assuming continued dividend payments during 2024 at this rate of 0.48 per share, our average total dividend paid each quarter would be approximately 16.5 million based on the number of outstanding shares at September 30, 2024. 
 
 As noted below, Banner Corporation and its subsidiary bank continued to maintain capital levels in excess of the requirements to be categorized as Well-Capitalized under applicable regulatory standards. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total shareholders equity increased 141.0 million, to 1.79 billion or 11.08 of total assets. At September 30, 2024, tangible common shareholders equity, which excludes goodwill and other intangible assets, was 1.42 billion, or 8.96 of tangible assets. Tangible common shareholders equity represents a non-GAAP financial measure. See, non-GAAP financial measure reconciliations presented above under Third Quarter 2024 Financial Highlights. 

Capital Requirements 
 
 Banner is a bank holding company registered with the Federal Reserve. Bank holding companies are subject to capital adequacy requirements of the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the regulations of the Federal Reserve. The Bank, as a state-chartered, federally insured commercial bank, is subject to the capital requirements established by the FDIC. 
 
 The capital adequacy requirements are quantitative measures established by regulation that require Banner and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of capital. The Federal Reserve requires Banner to maintain capital adequacy that generally parallels the FDIC requirements. The FDIC requires the Bank to maintain minimum capital ratios of total capital, tier 1 capital, and common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets as well as tier 1 leverage capital to average assets. In addition to the minimum capital ratios, the Bank has to maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of additional common equity tier 1 capital greater than 2.5 of risk-weighted assets above the required minimum levels in order to avoid limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses. At September 30, 2024, Banner and the Bank each exceeded all regulatory capital requirements to be well capitalized. 
 
 The actual regulatory capital ratios calculated for Banner Corporation and Banner Bank as of September 30, 2024, along with the minimum capital amounts and ratios, were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Actual Minimum to be Categorized as Adequately Capitalized Minimum to be Categorized as Well-Capitalized Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Amount Banner Corporation consolidated Total capital to risk-weighted assets 1,988,948 14.92 1,066,549 8.00 1,333,186 10.00 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 1,725,690 12.94 799,912 6.00 799,912 6.00 Tier 1 leverage capital to average assets 1,725,690 10.91 632,760 4.00 n/a n/a Common equity tier 1 capital 1,639,190 12.30 599,934 4.50 n/a n/a Banner Bank Total capital to risk-weighted assets 1,862,242 13.95 1,067,758 8.00 1,334,697 10.00 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 1,698,984 12.73 800,818 6.00 1,067,758 8.00 Tier 1 leverage capital to average assets 1,698,984 10.74 632,851 4.00 791,063 5.00 Common equity tier 1 capital 1,698,984 12.73 600,614 4.50 867,553 6.50 

ITEM 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Market Risk and Asset/Liability Management 
 
 Our financial condition and operations are influenced significantly by general economic conditions, including the absolute level of interest rates as well as changes in interest rates and the slope of the yield curve. Our profitability is dependent, to a large extent, on our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest received from our interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred on our interest-bearing liabilities. 
 
 Our activities, like all financial institutions, inherently involve the assumption of interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates will have an adverse impact on the institution s earnings and underlying economic value. Interest rate risk is determined by the maturity and repricing characteristics of an institution s assets, liabilities and off-balance-sheet contracts. Interest rate risk is measured by the variability of financial performance and economic value resulting from changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk is the primary market risk affecting our financial performance. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 For Banner, the greatest source of interest rate risk results from the mismatch of maturities or repricing intervals for rate sensitive assets, liabilities and off-balance-sheet contracts. This mismatch or gap is generally characterized by a substantially shorter maturity structure for interest-bearing liabilities than interest-earning assets, although our floating-rate assets tend to be more immediately responsive to changes in market rates than most deposit liabilities. Additional interest rate risk results from mismatched repricing indices and formula (basis risk and yield curve risk), and product caps and floors and early repayment or withdrawal provisions (option risk), which may be contractual or market driven, that are generally more favorable to clients than to us. An exception to this generalization is the beneficial effect of interest rate floors on a portion of our performing floating-rate loans, which help us maintain higher loan yields in periods when market interest rates decline significantly. However, in a declining interest rate environment, as loans with floors are repaid they generally are replaced with new loans which have lower interest rate floors. As of September 30, 2024, our loans with interest rate floors totaled 5.18 billion and had a weighted average floor rate of 4.70 , compared to a current average note rate of 6.65 . Our loans with interest rates at their floors at September 30, 2024, totaled 1.35 billion and had a weighted average note rate of 4.44 . The Company actively manages its exposure to interest rate risk through on-going adjustments to the mix of interest-earning assets and funding sources that affect the repricing speeds of loans, investments, interest-bearing deposits and borrowings. 
 
 The principal objectives of asset/liability management are to evaluate the interest rate risk exposure; to determine the appropriate level of risk given our operating environment, business plan strategies, performance objectives, capital and liquidity constraints, and asset and liability allocation alternatives; and to manage our interest rate risk consistent with regulatory guidelines and policies approved by the Board of Directors. Through such management, we seek to reduce the vulnerability of our earnings and capital position to changes in the level of interest rates. Our actions in this regard are taken under the guidance of the Asset/Liability Management Committee, which is comprised of members of our senior management. The Committee closely monitors our interest sensitivity exposure, asset and liability allocation decisions, liquidity and capital positions, and local and national economic conditions and attempts to structure the loan and investment portfolios and funding sources to maximize earnings within acceptable risk tolerances. 

Sensitivity Analysis 
 
 Our primary monitoring tool for assessing interest rate risk is asset/liability simulation modeling, which is designed to capture the dynamics of balance sheet, interest rate and spread movements and to quantify variations in net interest income resulting from those movements under different rate environments. The sensitivity of net interest income to changes in the modeled interest rate environments provides a measurement of interest rate risk. We also utilize economic value analysis, which addresses changes in estimated net economic value of equity arising from changes in the level of interest rates. The net economic value of equity is estimated by separately valuing our assets and liabilities under varying interest rate environments. The extent to which assets gain or lose value in relation to the gains or losses of liability values under the various interest rate assumptions determines the sensitivity of net economic value to changes in interest rates and provides an additional measure of interest rate risk. 
 
 The interest rate sensitivity analysis performed by us incorporates beginning-of-the-period rate, balance and maturity data, using various levels of aggregation of that data, as well as certain assumptions concerning the maturity, repricing, amortization and prepayment characteristics of loans and other interest-earning assets and the repricing and withdrawal of deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities into an asset/liability simulation model. The interest rate sensitivity analysis includes a rate ramp sensitivity scenario, which assumes a gradual change in market interest rates at all maturities during the first year, as well as a rate shock interest rate sensitivity scenario, which assumes an instantaneous and sustained uniform change in market interest rates at all maturities. We update and prepare simulation modeling at least quarterly for review by senior management and oversight by the Board of Directors. We believe the data and assumptions are realistic representations of our portfolio and possible outcomes under the various interest rate scenarios. Nonetheless, the interest rate sensitivity of our net interest income and net economic value of equity could vary substantially if different assumptions were used or if actual experience differs from the assumptions used. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables set forth, as of September 30, 2024, the estimated changes in our net interest income over one-year and two-year time horizons for our rate ramp and rate shock interest rate sensitivity scenarios, and the estimated changes in economic value of equity for our rate shock interest rate sensitivity scenario based on the indicated interest rate environments (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Interest Rate Risk Indicators - Rate Ramp 
 
 September 30, 2024 Estimated Increase (Decrease) in Change (in Basis Points) in Interest Rates (1) 
 Net Interest Income Next 12 Months Net Interest Income Next 24 Months +300 (3,022) (0.5) (4,824) (0.4) +200 1,448 0.3 12,527 1.1 +100 2,213 0.4 13,150 1.1 0 -100 (6,219) (1.1) (30,150) (2.6) -200 (12,076) (2.1) (61,003) (5.2) -300 (17,813) (3.1) (90,338) (7.6) 
 (1) Assumes a gradual change in market interest rates at all maturities during the first year; however, no rates are allowed to go below zero. The targeted Federal Funds Rate was between 4.75 and 5.00 at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk Indicators - Rate Shock 
 September 30, 2024 Estimated Increase (Decrease) in Change (in Basis Points) in Interest Rates (1) 
 Net Interest Income Next 12 Months Net Interest Income Next 24 Months Economic Value of Equity +300 (8,205) (1.4) 16,528 1.4 (336,293) (12.9) +200 5,016 0.9 33,608 2.8 (194,921) (7.5) +100 7,588 1.3 27,927 2.4 (87,838) (3.4) 0 -100 (20,223) (3.5) (55,552) (4.7) 38,413 1.5 -200 (40,130) (7.0) (113,454) (9.6) 11,785 0.5 -300 (58,836) (10.3) (169,581) (14.3) (71,192) (2.7) 
 (1) Assumes an instantaneous and sustained uniform change in market interest rates at all maturities; however, no rates are allowed to go below zero. The targeted Federal Funds Rate was between 4.75 and 5.00 at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Another monitoring tool for assessing interest rate risk is gap analysis. The matching of the repricing characteristics of assets and liabilities may be analyzed by examining the extent to which assets and liabilities are interest sensitive and by monitoring an institution s interest sensitivity gap. An asset or liability is said to be interest sensitive within a specific time period if it will mature or reprice within that time period. The interest rate sensitivity gap is defined as the difference between the amount of interest-earning assets anticipated, based upon certain assumptions, to mature or reprice within a specific time period and the amount of interest-bearing liabilities anticipated to mature or reprice, based upon certain assumptions, within that same time period. A gap is considered positive when the amount of interest-sensitive assets exceeds the amount of interest-sensitive liabilities. A gap is considered negative when the amount of interest-sensitive liabilities exceeds the amount of interest-sensitive assets. Generally, during a period of rising rates, a negative gap would tend to adversely affect net interest income while a positive gap would tend to result in an increase in net interest income. During a period of falling interest rates, a negative gap would tend to result in an increase in net interest income while a positive gap would tend to adversely affect net interest income. 
 
 Certain shortcomings are inherent in gap analysis. For example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods of repricing, they may react in different degrees to changes in market rates. Also, the interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in market rates, while interest rates on other types may lag behind changes in market rates. Additionally, certain assets, such as adjustable-rate mortgage loans, have features that restrict changes in interest rates on a short-term basis and over the life of the asset. Further, in the event of a change in interest rates, prepayment and early withdrawal levels would likely deviate significantly from those assumed in calculating the table. Finally, the ability of some borrowers to service their debt may decrease in the event of a severe change in market rates. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents our interest sensitivity gap between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities at September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands), based on the amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities which are anticipated by us, based upon certain assumptions, to reprice or mature in each of the future periods shown. At September 30, 2024, total interest-earning assets maturing or repricing within one year exceeded total interest-bearing liabilities maturing or repricing in the same time period by 2.03 billion, representing a one-year cumulative gap to total assets ratio of 12.54 . The interest rate risk indicators and interest sensitivity gaps as of September 30, 2024 are within our internal policy guidelines and management considers that our current level of interest rate risk is reasonable. 
 Within 6 Months After 6 Months Within 1 Year After 1 Year Within 3 Years After 3 Years Within 5 Years After 5 Years Within 10 Years Over 10 Years Total Interest-earning assets: (1) 
 Construction loans 1,044,734 103,123 107,397 10,960 3,261 2,390 1,271,865 Fixed-rate mortgage loans 276,240 188,278 754,708 591,585 762,597 376,263 2,949,671 Adjustable-rate mortgage loans 1,105,134 403,950 1,619,838 875,395 463,819 3,575 4,471,711 Fixed-rate mortgage-backed securities 96,853 108,448 400,116 391,358 794,801 772,580 2,564,156 Adjustable-rate mortgage-backed securities 240,892 45 197 212 3,856 245,202 Fixed-rate commercial/agricultural loans 107,225 90,662 250,483 128,023 135,833 20,111 732,337 Adjustable-rate commercial/agricultural loans 950,671 29,403 87,397 53,664 4,144 1,125,279 Consumer and other loans 539,204 54,683 53,941 20,668 22,292 43,105 733,893 Investment securities and interest-earning deposits 
 295,974 33,273 54,992 85,780 141,405 405,683 1,017,107 Total rate sensitive assets 4,656,927 1,011,865 3,329,069 2,157,645 2,332,008 1,623,707 15,111,221 Interest-bearing liabilities: (2) 
 Regular savings 
 648,228 136,634 466,046 362,674 609,300 1,116,978 3,339,860 Interest checking accounts 400,936 115,256 391,666 301,533 489,988 645,183 2,344,562 Money market deposit accounts 205,133 117,267 379,231 268,152 376,704 297,144 1,643,631 Certificates of deposit 1,048,152 412,256 53,875 6,740 746 83 1,521,852 FHLB advances 230,000 230,000 Subordinated notes 80,500 80,500 Junior subordinated debentures 89,178 89,178 Retail repurchase agreements 154,533 154,533 Total rate sensitive liabilities 2,776,160 861,913 1,290,818 939,099 1,476,738 2,059,388 9,404,116 Excess of interest-sensitive assets over interest-sensitive liabilities 1,880,767 149,952 2,038,251 1,218,546 855,270 (435,681) 5,707,105 Cumulative excess of interest-sensitive assets 
 1,880,767 2,030,719 4,068,970 5,287,516 6,142,786 5,707,105 5,707,105 Cumulative ratio of interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 
 167.75 155.82 182.55 190.11 183.64 160.69 160.69 Interest sensitivity gap to total assets 
 11.62 0.93 12.59 7.53 5.28 (2.69) 35.25 Ratio of cumulative gap to total assets 
 11.62 12.54 25.13 32.66 37.94 35.25 35.25 
 
 (Footnotes on following page) 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Footnotes for Table of Interest Sensitivity Gap 
 
 (1) Adjustable-rate assets are included in the period in which interest rates are next scheduled to adjust rather than in the period in which they are due to mature, and fixed-rate assets are included in the period in which they are scheduled to be repaid based upon scheduled amortization, in each case adjusted to take into account estimated prepayments. Mortgage loans and other loans are not reduced for allowances for credit losses and non-performing loans. Mortgage loans, mortgage-backed securities, other loans and investment securities are not adjusted for deferred fees or unamortized acquisition premiums and discounts. 
 (2) Adjustable-rate liabilities are included in the period in which interest rates are next scheduled to adjust rather than in the period they are due to mature. Although regular savings, demand, interest checking, and money market deposit accounts are subject to immediate withdrawal, based on historical experience management considers a substantial amount of such accounts to be core deposits having significantly longer maturities. For the purpose of the gap analysis, these accounts have been assigned decay rates to reflect their longer effective maturities. If all of these accounts had been assumed to be short-term, the one-year cumulative gap of interest-sensitive assets would have been a negative 3.7 billion, or negative 22.69 of total assets, at September 30, 2024. 

ITEM 4 Controls and Procedures 
 
 The management of Banner Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act). A control procedure, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives are met. Also, because of the inherent limitations in all control procedures, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. As a result of these inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: An evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and several other members of our senior management as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) accumulated and communicated to our management (including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) in a timely manner, and (ii) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 (b) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting: In the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 Legal Proceedings 
 
 In the normal course of our business, we have various legal proceedings and other contingent matters pending. These proceedings and the associated legal claims are often contested and the outcome of individual matters is not always predictable. Furthermore, in some matters, it is difficult to assess potential exposure because the legal proceeding is still in the pretrial stage. These claims and counter claims typically arise during the course of collection efforts on problem loans or with respect to actions to enforce liens on properties in which we hold a security interest, although we also are subject to claims related to employment matters. Claims related to employment matters may include, but are not limited to, claims by our employees of discrimination, harassment, violations of wage and hour requirements, or violations of other federal, state, or local laws and claims of misconduct or negligence on the part of our employees. Some or all of these claims may lead to litigation, including class action litigation, and these matters may cause us to incur negative publicity with respect to alleged claims. Our insurance may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm our reputation. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any litigation exceed our insurance coverage, they could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation for any period. The ultimate outcome of these legal proceedings could be more or less than what we have accrued. We are not a party to any pending legal proceedings that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operations or cash flows, except as set forth below. 
 
 As disclosed previously, a class and collective action lawsuit, Bolding et al. v. Banner Bank, US Dist. Ct., WD WA., was filed against Banner Bank on April 17, 2017. On February 22, 2024, the Court entered a written order granting final approval of a settlement agreement that resolved this lawsuit. The Bank submitted its final settlement payment during the third quarter of 2024 and does not anticipate any further funding obligations in connection with this lawsuit. 

ITEM 1A Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes in the risk factors previously disclosed in Part 1, Item 1A of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 (a) Not applicable. 
 
 (b) Not applicable. 
 
 (c) The following table provides information about repurchases of common stock by the Company during the quarter ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total Number of Common Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Common Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Authorization Maximum Number of Remaining Shares that May be Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Authorization July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 269 60.50 1,722,787 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 179 56.99 1,722,787 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 1,722,787 Total for quarter 448 59.10 
 
 (1) Includes 448 shares surrendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock grants during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 On July 25, 2024, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had authorized repurchases of up to 1,722,787 shares of the Company s common stock (approximately 5 of the Company s outstanding shares) over the next 12 months. Under the authorization, shares may be repurchased by the Company in open market purchases. The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. 

ITEM 3 Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 
 Not Applicable. 

ITEM 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable. 

ITEM 5 Other Information 
 
 (a) None 
 
 (b) None 
 
 (c) During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there were no Rule 10b5 1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K) or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) adopted or terminated by any director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a 1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6 Exhibits 
 Exhibit Index of Exhibits 3{a} Restated Articles of Incorporation of Banner Corporation [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 (b) to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 24, 2022 (File No. 000-26584)]. 
 3{b} Amended and Restated Bylaws of Banner Corporation [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2022 (File No. 000-26584)]. 
 10{a} Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, with Mark J. Grescovich [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2013 (File No. 000-26584]. 
 10{b} Form of Supplemental Executive Retirement Program Agreement with Gary Sirmon, Michael K. Larsen, Lloyd W. Baker, Cynthia D. Purcell and Richard B. Barton [incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001 and the exhibits filed with the Form 8-K on May 6, 2008 (File No. 000-26584)]. 
 10{c} Form of Employment Contract entered into with Peter J. Conner, Cynthia D. Purcell and Judith A. Steiner [incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Form 8-K on June 25, 2014 (File No. 000-26584)]. 
 10{d} 2005 Executive Officer and Director Stock Account Deferred Compensation Plan [incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 000-26584)]. 
 10{e} Entry into an Indemnification Agreement with each of the Registrant s Directors [incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Form 8-K on January 29, 2010 (File No. 000-26584)]. 
 10{f} 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan [incorporated by reference as Appendix C to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 24, 2014 (File No. 000-26584)] and amendments [incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2015 (File No. 000-26584)]. 
 10{g} Forms of Equity-Based Award Agreements: Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement, Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, Restricted Stock Award Agreement, Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement, and Performance Unit Award Agreement [incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.2 - 10.7 included in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated May 9, 2014 (File No. 333-195835)]. 
 10{h} 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 included in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated May 4, 2018 (File No. 333-224693)]. 
 10{i} Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan and Summary Plan Description (Amended and Restated effective as of July 1, 2023) [incorporated by reference to exhibit 10{j} included in the Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2023 (File No. 000-26584)] 
 10{j} 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 included in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated August 30, 2023 (File No. 333-274273)]. 
 10{k} Form of Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Banner Corporation 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 included in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated August 30, 2023 (File No. 333-274273)]. 
 10{l} Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Banner Corporation 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 included in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated August 30, 2023 (File No. 333-274273)]. 
 10{m} Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Banner Corporation 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 included in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated August 30, 2023 (File No. 333-274273)]. 
 10{n} Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Performance Award Agreement under the Banner Corporation 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 included in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated August 30, 2023 (File No. 333-274273)]. 
 10{o} 2020 Banner Corporation Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan [incorporated by reference to exhibit 10{o} filed with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (File No. 000-26584)]. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Index of Exhibits 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Banner Corporation November 5, 2024 /s/ Mark J. Grescovich Mark J. Grescovich President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 5, 2024 /s/ Robert G. Butterfield Robert G. Butterfield Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

73 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 banr-09302024xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF BANNER CORPORATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1934 
 
 I, Mark J. Grescovich, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Banner Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 November 5, 2024 s Mark J. Grescovich Mark J. Grescovich Chief Executive Officer 
 74 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 banr-09302024xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF BANNER CORPORATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1934 
 
 I, Robert G. Butterfield, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Banner Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 November 5, 2024 s Robert G. Butterfield Robert G. Butterfield Chief Financial Officer 
 75 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 banr-09302024xex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 OF BANNER CORPORATION 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certify in his capacity as an officer of Banner Corporation, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and in connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, that 
 
 the report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
 
 the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the Company s financial condition and results of operations as of the dates and for the periods presented in the financial statements included in such report. 

November 5, 2024 s Mark J. Grescovich Mark J. Grescovich Chief Executive Officer November 5, 2024 s Robert G. Butterfield Robert G. Butterfield Chief Financial Officer 
 76 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 banr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 banr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 banr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 banr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 banr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

