<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241203_10-Q_edgar_data_1978111_0001683168-24-008471.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1855953</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>47704</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>506797</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>316530</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>434566</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>514028</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-008471.hdr.sgml : 20241203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241203111705
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-008471
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Naploy Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001978111
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-274889
		FILM NUMBER:		241521697

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		95 LIAS ESTATE KAFE
		CITY:			DISTRICT ABUJA, FCT
		STATE:			Q5
		ZIP:			900108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		13072133163

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		95 LIAS ESTATE KAFE
		CITY:			DISTRICT ABUJA, FCT
		STATE:			Q5
		ZIP:			900108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-008471.txt : 20241203

10-Q
 1
 naploy_i10q-103124.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR OCT 2024

NAPLOY CORP. 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

Quarterly Report pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

Transition Report pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Registration No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

8000 
 
 State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 
 IRS Employer 
 
 Primary Standard Industrial 
 
 Incorporation or Organization 
 
 Identification Number 
 
 Classification Code Number 

, 

Telephone: +1 

Email: naploy.corp@tutanota.com 

 (Address and telephone number of principal executive
offices) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer's classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: common shares issued and outstanding as of December
03, 2024. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION: 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 

Balance Sheet as of October 31, 2024 (Unaudited) and July 31, 2024 
 4 

Statements of Operations for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 

Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 

Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 7 

Notes to the Unaudited Financial Statements 
 8 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 21 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 21 

PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION: 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 22 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 22 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 22 

Item 4. 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Securities Holders 
 22 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 22 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 22 

Signatures 
 23 

2 

PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

The accompanying interim financial statements
of Naploy Corp. the Company , we , us or our ), have been prepared without audit
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

The interim financial statements are condensed
and should be read in conjunction with the company s latest annual financial statements. 

In the opinion of management, the financial statements
contain all material adjustments, consisting only of normal adjustments considered necessary to present fairly the financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows of the Company for the interim periods presented. 

3 

NAPLOY CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

October 31, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 July 31, 2024 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash 

Total Current Assets 

Intangible Assets, Net 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY/(DEFICIT) 

Accounts Payable Related Party 

Deferred Revenue 

Total Current Liabilities 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity/(Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity/(Deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

4 

NAPLOY CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three months period ended October 31, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 Three months period ended October 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 

REVENUES 

Services Sales 

Total Revenues 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Depreciation Expense 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Professional Fees 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

NET LOSS PER SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

5 

NAPLOY CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 Three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023

(Unaudited) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, July 31, 2024 

Shares issued for cash 

Net loss for the three months ended October 31, 2024 

Balance, October 31, 2024 

Balance, July 31, 2023 

Net loss for the three months ended October 31, 2023 

Balance, October 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

6 

NAPLOY CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Three months ended October 31, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended October 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income (loss) 

Amortization Expense 

Accounts Payable 

Deferred Revenue 

CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Mobile Application and Website Acquisition 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Accounts Payable - Related Party Loans 

Proceeds from Sale of Common Stock 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net increase in cash and equivalents 

Cash and equivalents at beginning of the period 

Cash and equivalents at end of the period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Non-cash investing and financing activity: 

Mobile Application and Website Acquisition 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

7 

NAPLOY CORP. 

 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

THREE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 

at October 31, 2024, a net loss of for the three months ended October 31, 2024.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company is attempting to commence operations
and generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company s cash position may not be sufficient to support the Company s daily
operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a private or public offering. While the Company believes in the viability
of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances
to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to further implement
its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. 

The financial statements do not include any adjustments
related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments issued or outstanding. 

, which is being amortized over a five-year life. The accumulated amortization was and as of October
31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively. 

for the
Company s working capital purposes. The amount is outstanding and payable upon request. 

shares of common stock to the director, Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold, at in consideration of at 0.0001 per share to pay partial
Incorporation fees expenses. 

During the year ended July 31, 2024 the Company
issued shares of common stock for cash proceeds of at 0.02 per share. 

In August 2024 the Company issued shares of common stock for
cash proceeds of at 0.02 per share. 

In September 2024 the Company issued shares of common stock
for cash proceeds of at 0.02 per share. 

As of October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, the Company had 
and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Change in valuation allowance 

Tax benefit (expenses) net 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
portions of the net deferred tax assets are as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

The Company has accumulated approximately 
of net operating losses NOL carried forward to offset future taxable income up to 20 years, if any, in future years which
begin to expire in year 2040. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent
upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers
the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.
Based on the assessment, management has established a full valuation allowance against all of the deferred tax asset relating to NOLs
for every period because it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

12 

ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

GENERAL 

Naploy Corp. was incorporated in the State of
Wyoming and established on April 6, 2023. The Company has limited revenue and incurred losses since inception. Our primary focus is on
launching a news blog that provides the latest updates on health-related topics, including but not limited to medical breakthroughs, healthy
lifestyle tips, and updates on healthcare policies. We have developed a full business plan. 

Currently, we have no employees, only our officers
and Directors - Mr. Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold and Mr. Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla. Our executive and business office is located
at 95 Lias Estate Kafe district Abuja, FCT 900108 Nigeria, and our telephone number is +13072133163. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact
on the healthcare industry and has led to changes in the way healthcare services are delivered, including through mobile applications
that offer online information help services for finding medical institutions. Here are some ways the pandemic has affected these types
of apps: 

Increased demand: The pandemic has increased the
demand for healthcare services, and many people have turned to mobile apps to find information about medical institutions and services. 

Safety concerns: Many people are hesitant to visit
medical institutions in person due to safety concerns, and mobile apps that offer information about medical institutions and their safety
protocols can help alleviate these concerns. 

Our Naploy App is your go-to source for the latest
health news and updates. Naploy App offers an article library- News Blog that deals with the most common health topics. Our health blog
covers diverse health related concerns such as nutrition and diet, fitness, weight control, diseases, disease management, societal trends
affecting health, analysis about health, business of health and health research. The app is available for both Android and iOS mobile
operating systems and provides you with quick access to a vast healthcare and medical database. With the " Naploy App," you
can stay informed about the latest health news anytime, anywhere. We are dedicated to bringing you high-quality health information and
keeping you up-to-date on the latest developments in the world of healthcare. 

One of our main App features is Symptom Diagnostic.
Symptom Diagnostic is an advanced tool that uses high-grade AI technology to provide diagnoses. Currently, our AI technology is already
working, but during the lifetime of the APP it should be refined and improved. To begin, you will have to enter your age and gender, after
which you can select or type in your symptoms, intensity and duration. This step is then followed up by some more questions to determine
which symptom is bothering you the most and if you are on meds and/or have had any conditions in the past. Thereafter, it will give you
a list of possible conditions (about 5, starting with the most likely) which you can then click on and find more details about the disease. 

Symptom Diagnostics are an innovative addition
to digital health. This tool does not provide medical advice It is intended for informational purposes only. Nevertheless, these services
should not be considered as definite diagnostic tools but rather as a guide to point the user towards possible conditions relating to
their symptoms. Consulting an actual physician will help you have a more accurate diagnosis and subsequent treatment. 

13 

For Naploy App and Symptom Diagnostic feature
do not require regulatory approval in the United States, Nigeria or elsewhere because they provide information rather than direct medical
advice. For the health app, despite providing useful functionalities, users are strongly encouraged to seek professional medical advice,
especially when experiencing severe symptoms. The app s features are intended for informational purposes only and must not replace
the guidance of a medical professional in cases of severe symptoms or critical health concerns. 

Our Naploy App includes a convenient
Clinic Search feature that allows clients to contact us and send a request for searching the clinics and proper medical services that
suit their needs for a fee. Through this feature, clients can request information about the type of treatment they need, as well as leave
their phone number and email. Our team will then contact the client to clarify all the necessary details about their diagnosis and treatment
needs. Our expert managers will then provide information about the best medical institutions for the client, including details about the
location, clinic licenses, doctors, we will monitor all the reviews and feedbacks and check all the doctors for their professional qualifications.
Our clients can expect top-notch customer service, as our managers will communicate with them through phone, email, and messengers according
to their preferences. We are dedicated to providing the professional services in searching the best medical institutions, making for the
right medical care for our clients. We will make this process much easier and comfortable for clients from our professional website. 

In addition, we also offer paid contextual advertising
services for medical institutions on our Naploy app s news blog: 

Banner ads 

 Our banner advertising will consist of static
or animated images or media and would be placed in high-visibility areas. Banner advertising is attractive because it can help create
medical institutions awareness and generate leads. 

Pop up 

 Another effective form of our advertising services.
Unlike banner ads, the pop-up will appear in the center of the screen, drawing the attention of customers. 

By utilizing our advertising services, medical
institutions can increase their online presence and reach a wider audience. Our goal is to provide a comprehensive platform for both health
news and healthcare advertising, and we believe that this additional feature will be a valuable asset for both our users and medical institutions. 

We are offering our services to the clients in
Nigeria and then we are going to spread our services in other African countries. 

We have purchased the mobile application and website
for iOS and Android platforms for total consideration of US 45,000. 

Here are some of the technologies that we intend
successfully to implement in our mobile application: 

 Improvement of the AI technology 

 Map View 

 Reviews 

 Booking Services 

 Notifications 

 Marketing Opportunities 

 Body map symptom checker 

 Personal health tracker 

 Medicine reminder 

 Language translation 

14 

Our Naploy App is regularly updated
with articles written by healthcare professionals and industry experts, ensuring that our clients have access to high-quality and reliable
health information. The content provided on our app is primarily sourced from reputable open channels, ensuring credibility and accuracy.
In addition to open sources, we curate content from trusted platforms such as https://medicalxpress.com/. All news stories are hand-processed
and curated by qualified editors on https://medicalxpress.com/, obviating the problems of feed or bot aggregation. This ensures that high-quality,
targeted sci-tech news stories are published on website. It s pertinent to highlight that we do not engage in content licensing
agreements as we are utilizing the information from reliable open sources and ensure that our users receive high-quality, updated, and
relevant health information through the Naploy app. We believe that our app will not only keep our clients informed but also empower them
to take control of their health and make informed decisions about their wellbeing. All our features make our mobile application a comprehensive
resource for clients seeking reliable and relevant health information. We intend continuously make improvements, maintenances and expand
of our application as well as develop complementary products and services for our consumers. In addition, within two-three years after
the success of the Nigerian market, we intend to popularize the application to other African countries, starting with neighboring Benin,
Chad, Cameroon and Niger. Furthermore, potential target countries for expansion could encompass regions such as Kenya, South Africa, and
Ethiopia. The company intends to evaluate the market readiness and demand within these countries and strategically expand its services
to cater to these regions, ensuring the compatibility of the online health platform with the local healthcare landscapes and technological
infrastructure. 

OUR MOBILE APPLICATION AND THE PROCESS 

Currently, we have a mobile application for Android
and iOS platforms known as Naploy App . Links for the application: 

 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=naploy.app hl=uk gl=US 

 https://apps.apple.com/us/app/naploy/id6451121811. 

Our application is completely operational and
ready for use, enabling customers to access and acquire our company s services. However, we plan to further develop and expand the
application s functionality by integrating new and beneficial features and systems that will enhance the experience for our potential
customers. 

The Naploy app was officially launched on the
Apple Store and Play Store on July 24, 2023. To date, we have more than 10 active users. We don t have any clients for advertising
yet. 

The main functionality features and opportunities
of currently application with the app and website content are: 

News Blog: 

After entering the app, the person can access our News blog, which covers diverse health-related concerns such as nutrition and diet, fitness, weight control, diseases, disease management, societal trends affecting health, analysis about health, business of health, and health research. Now this feature is already implemented in our app and the website, with the content provided from reputable open channels, ensuring credibility and accuracy. In addition to open sources, we curate content from trusted platforms such as https://medicalxpress.com/. 

Symptom Diagnostic: 

The person can use our advanced Symptom Diagnostic tool, which uses high-grade AI technology to provide diagnoses. 

They have to enter their age and gender, select or type in their symptoms, intensity and duration, and answer some follow-up questions about their medical history and current condition. 

Based on the information provided, Symptom Diagnostic will give them a list of possible conditions (about 5, starting with the most likely), which they can click on to find more details about the disease. 

This feature is fully functional in our app and
the website but users are strongly encouraged to seek professional medical advice, especially when experiencing severe symptoms. The app s
features are intended for informational purposes only and must not replace the guidance of a medical professional in cases of severe symptoms
or critical health concerns. 

15 

Clinic Search: 

Contact us: The client sends a request to our team through the Clinic Search feature on our "Naploy App" stating the type of treatment they need and leaves their name, phone number, email and location. 

Clarification: Our team contacts the client to clarify all the necessary details about their diagnosis and treatment needs. 

Search: Our expert managers search for the best medical institutions that suit the client s needs, including details about the location, clinic licenses, doctors, and ratings of medical institutions for a fee. 

Quality Check: We monitor all the reviews and feedback and check all the doctors for their professional qualifications to ensure that we only recommend the best medical institutions. 

Communication: Our managers communicate with clients through phone, email, and messengers according to their preferences to provide top-notch customer service. 

Recommendations: Our managers provide information about the top 5 medical institutions that suit the client s needs and preferences. 

Follow-up: We follow up with clients to ensure that they are satisfied with the recommended medical institution and if any further assistance is needed. 

Convenience: We ensure that the whole process is comfortable and easy for clients through our professional website and mobile application. 

To date our directors interact with our potential
customers, but we don t have any clients for our clinic search services yet. We are going to hire freelance managers once we have
our first client and establish our initial client base. We intend to engage with these managers by formalizing freelance agreements. 

Here are some of the technologies that we intend
successfully to implement in our mobile application (during 1-18 months): 

Improvement of the implemented AI technology: The app will provide Implemented AI technology that is in the process of being fully implemented, revision and will undergo continuous refinement and improvement to ensure the highest level of performance. 

Map View: The app will provide a map view that enables clients to view medical institutions on a map and get directions to the chosen location. 

Reviews: The app will provide a review section where clients can read reviews of medical institutions left by other users and leave their own reviews. 

Booking Services: The app will provide booking services, allowing clients to book appointments with medical professionals or reserve hospital rooms. 

Notifications: The app will send notifications to clients regarding new medical institutions added to the database or promotions and deals available at certain institutions. 

Marketing Opportunities: The app will offer marketing opportunities for medical institutions, including sponsored listings and targeted advertising. 

Body map symptom checker: This functionality allows users to select the specific area of their body where they are experiencing symptoms and then select the symptoms, they are experiencing from a list of options associated with that area. 

Personal health tracker: This feature can help users track their personal health by allowing them to input their health data such as blood pressure, blood sugar, and weight, and keep track of their progress over time. Users can set health goals, receive notifications, and view progress reports. 

Medicine reminder: The app can also feature a medicine reminder that helps users keep track of their medication schedules. Users can set reminders for when to take their medications and the app will send notifications accordingly. 

Language translation: The app can also integrate a language translation feature that allows users to translate medical terms, instructions, and prescriptions into their preferred language. 

16 

REVENUE 

Advertising : The app can feature advertisements
from medical institutions, pharmaceutical companies, or other related businesses. The fee for in-app ads can vary based on the size and
placement of the ad. 

We offer such paid contextual advertising services: 

Banner ads 

 Our banner advertising will consist of static
or animated images or media and would be placed in high-visibility areas. Banner advertising is attractive because it can help create
medical institutions awareness and generate leads. 

Pop up 

 Another effective form of our advertising services.
Unlike banner ads, the pop-up will appear in the center of the screen, drawing the attention of customers. 

Clinic Search: Clients will be charged
a fee for using our Clinic Search feature to find the best medical institutions that suit their needs. The fee will vary depending on
the complexity of the search and the level of support required from our team. 

In future the additional source of revenue could
be through other services: 

Subscription Model: We will offer
a subscription model for clients who need ongoing support from our team in finding medical institutions for their specific needs. The
subscription fee will provide access to our team s expertise and support. 

Referral fees : The app can earn referral
fees from medical institutions for each new patient that the app directs to them. This could include fees for booking appointments or
fees for any services provided by the medical institution. The prices for referral fees can vary depending on the type of service provided
and the level of commission offered. 

As of the current date, Naploy Corp. does not
have any material contracts or letters of intent with medical institutions for referral arrangements. The revenue model relies on potential
future collaborations with medical institutions, and we will ensure that any such agreements comply with regulatory requirements. 

It s important to note that, at present,
there are no regulatory implications to address as we have not yet engaged in formal agreements with medical institutions for referral
fees. Any future collaborations will be approached with careful consideration of regulatory compliance to ensure transparency and adherence
to applicable standards. 

Data analytics : The app can collect and
analyze user data to provide insights to healthcare providers and researchers. This could include anonymized data on user demographics,
medical conditions, and treatment outcomes. The app can charge fees to healthcare providers and researchers for access to this data. The
prices for data analytics can vary depending on the level of access and the type of data provided. 

Prices for Services: 
 
 Advertising: 0.50- 1.00 per click or monthly
advertising 150- 1,000. 

 Clinic Search: Starting at 50- 500 per search,
prices will vary based on the complexity of the search and level of support required. 

Prices for Services in future: 
 
 Subscription Model: Starting from 70 per month,
prices will vary based on the level of support required. 

 Referral fees: 5 -15 of the total cost of service. 

 Data analytics: 200- 2,000 per report, depending
on the level of detail and analysis provided. 

The Prices for Services and Prices
for Services in the future are based on estimated ranges derived from market research, industry benchmarks, and an assessment of
the value provided by our services. These figures are not static and may be subject to change based on various factors, including market
conditions, service enhancements, and feedback from clients. 

17 

COMPETITION 

The health app market is highly competitive, with
many established players and new entrants vying for a share of the market. Some of the major competitors in the field of health apps include
Zocdoc, Healthgrades, and WebMD. 

In addition to these major players, there are
many other health apps on the market that offer a variety of features. As the demand for health-related apps continues to grow, the competition
in this space is likely to remain fierce. 

Through our marketing strategy and continuous
development of new features, we believe that our mobile app can succeed in the health market. 

MARKETING 

Marketing and sales strategy are crucial components
for the success of any business, including mobile applications. In order to ensure the success of our online health platform, we plan
to implement a multi-faceted marketing and sales strategy. 

Digital Marketing: 

 We will use various digital marketing techniques
to reach our target audience, including search engine optimization (SEO), pay-per-click (PPC) advertising, social media marketing, and
email marketing. We will use relevant keywords and phrases to optimize our app s visibility on search engines and social media platforms.
We will also use targeted email marketing campaigns to promote our app to potential users. 

Content Marketing: 

 We will develop a content marketing strategy that
focuses on creating valuable and informative content related to healthcare, medical institutions, and related topics. This content will
be published on our website and social media platforms, and shared with relevant online communities and groups. 

Influencer Marketing: 

 We will work with healthcare influencers and bloggers
to promote our app and reach a wider audience. We will collaborate with influencers to develop content related to our app and its features
and encourage them to share their experiences with our app with their followers. 

Partnering with Medical Institutions: 

 We will partner in future with medical institutions
such as hospitals, clinics, and healthcare centers to promote our app to their patients. 

To invite new clients via word-of-mouth
referrals. 

To place outdoor display advertisements
in public transportation terminals and residential complexes in selected cities. 

We are going to spend some part of proceeds on
the development of our website and mobile application and extension of functionality in order to attract more potential customers and
to make our services more desirable. 

EMPLOYEES 

We are a development stage company and currently
have no employees, other than our officers, Mr. Arnold and Mr. Ulloa Bonilla. 

18 

OFFICES 

Our corporate headquarters is located at 95 Lias
Estate Kafe district Abuja, FCT 900108 Nigeria and our phone number is +13072133163. Further, this space has been provided by our executives
Mr. Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold and Mr. Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla free of cost. We consider our current principal office space arrangement
adequate and will reassess our needs based upon the future growth of the company. Further, this space has been provided by our executives
Mr. Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold and Mr. Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla for free. 

PATENTS AND TRADEMARK 

Currently, we do not own, either legally or beneficially,
any patents or trademarks. 

GOVERNMENT REGULATION 

We will be the subject to applicable laws and
regulations that relate directly or indirectly to our operations including United States and Nigeria securities laws. These laws, regulations,
and standards govern issues such as worker classification, labor and employment, anti-discrimination, payments, worker confidentiality
obligations, product liability, environmental protection, personal injury, text messaging, subscription services, intellectual property,
consumer protection and warnings, marketing, taxation, privacy, data security, competition, unionizing and collective action, arbitration
agreements and class action waiver provisions, terms of service, mobile application and website accessibility, money transmittal, and
background checks. We will be required to comply with all regulations, rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies applicable
to our services in Nigeria and to operation of any facility in any jurisdiction which we would conduct activities. 

The healthcare industry in USA are regulated at
both the state and federal levels. Our ability to operate profitably will depend in part upon our ability to maintain all necessary licenses
if required and to operate in compliance with applicable laws and rules. Those laws and rules continue to evolve. As the applicable laws
and rules change, we are likely to make conforming modifications in our business processes from time to time. 

Operating in Nigeria involves navigating a distinct
regulatory landscape. The National Health Act, Companies and Allied Matters Act (CAMA), and the Nigerian Data Protection Regulation (NDPR)
are pivotal legal frameworks shaping our healthcare and technology-related services. Ensuring compliance with these laws underscores our
commitment to local regulations, covering areas such as healthcare service delivery, corporate governance, and data protection. 

Currently we are in compliance with applicable
regulations in Nigeria, including the Nigerian Data Protection Regulation. We believe that government regulation will have no material
impact on the way we conduct our business. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding nor are we aware
of any pending or threatened litigation against us. 

19 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

For three months ended October 31, 2024 and
2023 

During the three months ended October 31, 2024
and 2023, we generated 581 and 0 of revenue, respectively. The increase in revenue was due to start of sales of our services in October
2024. 

Total expenses for the three months ended October
31, 2024 and 2023, were 10,642 and 3,033, respectively, which were comprised of depreciation expense 2,250 as of October 31, 2024
and 2,250 as of October 31, 2023); general and administrative fees of the Company 27 as of October 31, 2024 and 33 as of October 31,
2023); and professional fees 8,365 as of October 31, 2024 and 750 as of October 31, 2023). 

The Company recorded a net loss of 10,061 and
 3,033 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As of October 31, 2024, our total assets were
 61,103. Total assets were comprised of 27,728 in current assets and 33,375 in intangible assets. 

As of October 31, 2024, our current liabilities
were 61,578 and Stockholders deficit was 475. 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

For the three months ended October 31, 2024, net
cash flows used in operating activities was (5,992). 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

For the three months
ended October 31, 2024, we have not generated any cash flows from investing activities. 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

For the three months ended October 31, 2024, net
cash flows provided by financing activities was 1,375. 

Since inception, we have sold 2,000,000 shares
of our common stock to our officer and director Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold at a price of 0.0001 per share, for aggregate proceeds
of 200, and 1,803,370 shares to our shareholders at a price of 0.02 per share, for aggregate proceeds of 36,067. 

Our auditors have issued a going concern 
opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain
additional capital. No substantial revenues are anticipated until we have completed the financing from this offering and implemented our
plan of operations. Our only source for cash at this time is investments by others in this offering. We must raise cash to implement our
strategy and stay in business. The amount of the offering will likely allow us to operate for at least one year and have the capital resources
required to cover the material costs with becoming a publicly reporting. The company anticipates over the next 12 months the cost of being
a reporting public company will be approximately 15,000. 

20 

We cannot guarantee that we will be able to sell
all the shares offered herein. If we are successful, any money raised will be applied to the items set forth in the Use of Proceeds section
of this Prospectus. We will attempt to raise the necessary funds to proceed with all phases of our plan of operation. The sources of funding
we may consider to fund this work include a public offering, a private placement of our securities or loans from our directors or others. 

As of the date of this Form 10-Q, the current
funds available to us are not sufficient to implement our business plan until we raise funds from this offering. In case we need additional
financing, our Mr. Ulloa Bonilla agreed to loan us funds to implement our business plan. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably
likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

None. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that
is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management,
including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

An evaluation was conducted under the supervision
and with the participation of our management of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of October 31, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting during the quarterly period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

21 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no pending legal proceedings to which
the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than
5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse
to the Company. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

None 

ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None 

ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None 

ITEM 4. 
 SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITIES HOLDERS 

None 

ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

During the
quarter ended October 31, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement 
or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are included as part of this report by reference: 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 

22 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933,
the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NAPLOY CORP. 

Dated: December 03, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 

Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 
 President, Secretary, 

Treasurer, Principal Executive Officer, 

Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer and Director 

Dated: December 03, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla 

Name: 
 Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla 

Title: 
 Director 

23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 naploy_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of the Company s Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

 and Securities and Exchange Commission Release
34-46427 

I, Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Naploy Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods present in this annual report; 

4. 
 As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 03, 2024 

NAPLOY CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 

Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 
 President, Secretary, 

Treasurer, Principal Executive Officer, 

Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 naploy_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of Naploy Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 03, 2024 

NAPLOY CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 

Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 
 President, Secretary, 

Treasurer, Principal Executive Officer, 

Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 none-20241031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 none-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 none-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 none-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

