<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241009_10-K-A_edgar_data_1842138_0001393905-24-000345.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1598631</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71261</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>512190</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>288842</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>254223</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>450522</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001393905-24-000345.hdr.sgml : 20241009
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241009143121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001393905-24-000345
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241009
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241009

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WARPSPEED TAXI INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842138
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				853978107
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-252505
		FILM NUMBER:		241362460

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SHIRIKI HOUSE OFFICE COMMUNITY
		STREET 2:		LOWER KABETE ROAD
		CITY:			NAIROBI
		STATE:			M3
		ZIP:			00100
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7028050632

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9436 W. LAKE MEAD BLVD., SUITE 5-53
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89134

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001393905-24-000345.txt : 20241009

10-K/A
 1
 wrpt-20240731.htm
 WARPSPEED TAXI INC. - FORM 10-K SEC FILING

WARPSPEED TAXI INC. - Form 10-K/A SEC filing 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 
 Or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 
 Commission file number 

(Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification Number) 

, 3rd Floor Westside Towers 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Issuer s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 None 
 
 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 
 Common Stock, Par value 0.001 per share 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) Of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the issuer: (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files) No 
 
 i 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of April 30, 2024, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed third fiscal quarter, was . 
 
 Number of common shares outstanding as of October 9, 2024 was . 

ii 

Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 6 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 6 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 6 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 6 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 6 
 
 PART II 
 6 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 7 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 7 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of our Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. 
 7 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 8 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 8 
 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 9 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 9 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 10 
 
 PART III 
 10 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 10 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 11 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 11 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 12 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 12 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 13 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 14 

iii 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 
 This Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A (this Amendment amends the Annual Report on Form 10-K of WARPSPEED TAXI INC. (the Company, we, us, or our for the year ended July 31, 2024, originally filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on September 5, 2024 (the Original Filing ). 
 
 This Amendment is being filed to disclose updated Item 1, Item 5, Item 7, Item 9, Item 10, Item 12, Item 13 and Item 14. 
 
 Except as described above, no other changes have been made to the Original Filing. Except as otherwise indicated herein, this Amendment continues to speak as of the date of the Original Filing, and WARPSPEED TAXI INC. has not updated the disclosures contained therein to reflect any events that occurred subsequent to the date of the Original Filing. 

iv 
 
 PART I 
 
 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR PURPOSES OF THE SAFE HARBOR PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 
 
 This Annual Report contains historical information as well as forward-looking statements. Statements looking forward in time are included in this Annual Report pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results in future periods to be materially different from any future performance suggested herein. We wish to caution readers that in addition to the important factors described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following forward-looking statements, among others, sometimes have affected, and in the future could affect, our actual results and could cause our actual results during 2024 and beyond, to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on our behalf. 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 
 General Development of Business 
 
 We were incorporated on November 18, 2020 under the laws of the State of Wyoming. Our year end is July 31. 
 
 WarpSpeed Taxi Computer Application 
 
 As of the date of this Annual Report, our principal asset is an interest in the WarpSpeed Taxi computer application. We entered into an asset purchase agreement with Limitless Projects Inc. dated December 20, 2020 to acquire the WarpSpeed Taxi computer and mobile device application for cash payments totaling 50,000, plus the issuance of a promissory note for 250,000 that is payable on demand any time after December 31, 2023. The note incurred simple interest at a rate of 5 per annum and was unsecured. On January 19, 2020, we entered into a termination agreement with Limitless Projects Inc. whereby it reimbursed the cash payment that we made to it and our parent company, Cyber Apps World Inc., transferred 115,000,000 shares of our common stock to Limitless. As a result of the agreement, Limitless sole director, Daniel Okelo, became our sole director. 
 
 On September 6, 2022, we entered into a settlement agreement with a private company that provided us with marketing, beta testing, cloning, and maintenance services in connection with the WarpSpeed Taxi computer application. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, we agreed to transfer our interest in the WarpSpeed Taxi application to the private company in full and final satisfaction of the 135,431 owing to it. However, we retain a license for the sole and exclusive use of the WarpSpeed Taxi application in the United States. To date, we have completed beta testing of the application, but have not commenced commercial operation of the application. 
 
 A ride-hailing service, also known as app-taxi, e-taxi, or a mobility service provider, is a service that, via websites and mobile apps, matches passengers with drivers of vehicles for hire that are not licensed taxi drivers. The computer application that we are developing is intended to provide travelers with convenient door-to-door transport that leverages smart mobility platforms to connect drivers with passengers and lets drivers use their personal vehicles. Ride-hailing, like a traditional taxi service, facilitates drivers providing rides to customers for a fee. However, ride-hailing offers additional capabilities, such as efficient pricing tools, matching platforms, rating systems, and food delivery. 
 
 We anticipate that the WarpSpeedTaxi application will allow customers to hire a standard and luxury motor vehicles via a smartphone or personal computer for both one-way and round-trips with the price based on the distance travelled and the current level of demand for vehicles. In addition to transporting passengers, the application may also be used for deliveries of goods from restaurants, grocery stores, and other businesses that typically utilize local vehicle courier services. 
 
 Customers will use the application to request a ride or the delivery of goods. Drivers that we recruit and approve, through confirmation of no criminal record, a clean driving history, and access to a suitable insured vehicle, will act as independent contractors and set their own work hours. They will connect with customers via our application, pick up customers or goods to be delivered in accordance with the customer s request, and then drive the customers or goods to their destination. Customers will pay for the transportation through the application by way of credit card. 
 1 
 
 Drivers will receive payments for each ride or delivery they complete via a weekly direct deposit to their bank accounts. 
 
 When a customer uses the WarpSpeedTaxi application for ride-hailing, we will charge the customer a flat fee of approximately 2.00 for each ride plus an amount for each mile that the customer travels. The amount for each mile will vary depending on the city in which the customer is located. It will be higher in more densely populated cities where traffic moves relatively slowly and lower in less densely population cities will less traffic congestion. Additionally, we will charge customers an additional premium during busy times when customer demand exceeds the number of available drivers. This increase in pricing is intended to incentivize drivers to work during peak demand times since they will receive greater compensation. In order to encourage drivers to work as independent contractors for us, we will initially retain 15 of all revenue that a customer pays for a ride with the remaining 85 compensating the driver for his or her time and vehicle expenses. Drivers will also retain 100 of all tips that customers provide them. Over time, when we have established a market for our services, we may adjust this percentage so that we retain a greater percentage of revenue. 
 
 When a restaurant uses the food delivery service feature of our WarpSpeedTaxi application, we will charge restaurants between 5 and 15 of their order revenue, subject to a set minimum amount, depending on the amount of business that we receive from delivery orders of their food through our application. From these proceeds, we will pay our drivers a base fee for deliveries that depend on the distance that they must travel to pick up the food and deliver it to the customer. In addition, the driver will retain any tips that the customer provides. 
 
 Market Opportunity 
 
 According to Statista (2020), the global ride hailing and taxi market is projected to reach almost 260 billion in 2021 with 1.47 billion registered users, with an expected annual growth of 18.8 from 2020 to 2025, resulting in a projected market value of about 386 billion by 2025. User penetration is 19.3 in 2020 and is expected to hit 20.8 by 2025. 
 
 A number of factors contribute to driving the growth of the ride-hailing market: 
 
 Increasing Smartphone and Internet Penetration : As ride sharing is an internet-enabled service, internet connectivity is the basic requirement for availing ride sharing services in any part of the world. The users are required to download an application on their smartphone and use data services to access the app and other navigation and information services related to it. Internet connectivity is also needed for navigation, telematics, and vehicle-to-vehicle communication. According to the International Telecommunication Union, approximately 81 of the population in developed countries uses the internet. On the other hand, 40 of individuals in developing countries have access to the internet through that rate is increasing rapidly. 
 
 On-demand transportation services : On-demand transportation services are characterized by flexible routing and ad-hoc scheduling of private vehicles offering personal transport experiences to the general public by picking up or dropping off passengers or goods at locations of the customer s choice. On-demand ride-hailing services ensure that customers can accurately locate the vehicles, track their journey, and offer safety to the occupants. The proliferation of such services across countries is expected to significantly drive market growth. 
 
 Increase in Cost of Vehicle Ownership : The cost of owning a personal vehicle has increased with rising fuel prices over time and an increase in finance, insurance, and vehicle registration costs. Maintenance costs, which include the repair of parts and accessories and labor charges, have also increased and added to the overall cost of vehicle ownership. Also, with the introduction of strict emission norms, vehicles need better, advanced, and costly after treatment devices. These factors have increased the cost of vehicle ownership, which in turn has increased the popularity of ride sharing services. 
 
 Lower rate of car ownership among millennials : Due to vehicle ownership costs and personal preferences, the rate of vehicle ownership among millennials and subsequent generations reaching the legal driving age is low compared to older generations. The millennials are choosing practical, smartphone accessible transport options that are simple, flexible, and comparatively inexpensive. Thus, it is anticipated that successive generations that reach the legal driving age will opt for ride hailing options given their assessment of costs and their relative familiarity with using smartphone-based applications. 
 
 We plan to commence our ride-hailing operations in the United States. Due to a large number of market vendors based in the U.S., the country hosts most of the major innovators and investors in the sector. The United States is one of the 
 2 
 
 early adopters of the business model, which provides consumer familiarity with the services we intend to offer. North America accounted for a global ride-hailing market share of more than 35 in terms of revenue in 2018. This is attributed to the fact that most ride-hailing companies operating in the industry were incorporated in U.S. High demand for public transportation in cities like New York, Chicago, San Francisco, and Seattle, is contributing to market growth. 
 
 The overall size of the ride hailing and ride sharing market in North America is growing with 36 of U.S. adults using the service in 2018 compared to 15 in 2015. According to Accenture, nearly two-thirds (63 of the US car owners who use ride-hailing services say that they would consider giving up their vehicles over the next decade in favor of ride-hailing. Based on a survey of more than 1,000 US consumers, Accenture found that consumer satisfaction with ride-hailing companies is very high, at 92 , and that the vast majority (93 of the respondents expect to maintain or increase their spending on ride-hailing services. Ride-hailing usage has increased across most demographic groups, but adoption figures continue to vary by age, educational attainment, and income level. For example, roughly half of Americans ages 18 to 29 (51 say they have used a ride-hailing service, compared with 24 of those ages 50 and older. Those whose annual household income is 75,000 or more are roughly twice as likely as those earning less than 30,000 to have used these services. Subject to the successful launch of our WarpSpeedTaxi app in the United States, we intend to expand our operations to other markets, including Europe, Canada, and Australia. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 
 Because we generated less than 1 billion in total annual gross revenues during our most recently completed fiscal year, we qualify as an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups JOBS Act. 
 
 We will lose our emerging growth company status on the earliest occurrence of any of the following events: 
 
 1. on the last day of any fiscal year in which we earn at least 1 billion in total annual gross revenues, which amount is adjusted for inflation every five years; 
 
 2. on the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of our first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement; 
 
 3. on the date on which we have, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt; or 
 
 4. the date on which such issuer is deemed to be a large accelerated filer , as defined in section 240.12b 2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. 
 
 A large accelerated filer is an issuer that, at the end of its fiscal year, meets the following conditions: 
 
 1. it has an aggregate worldwide market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by its non-affiliates of 700 million or more as of the last business day of the issuer s most recently completed second fiscal quarter; 
 
 2. It has been subject to the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Act for a period of at least twelve calendar months; and 
 
 3. It has filed at least one annual report pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Act. 
 
 As an emerging growth company, exemptions from the following provisions are available to us: 
 
 1. Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires auditor attestation of internal controls; 
 
 2. Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which require companies to hold shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation and golden parachute compensation; 
 
 3. Section 14(i) of the Exchange Act (which has not yet been implemented), which requires companies to disclose the relationship between executive compensation actually paid and the financial performance of the company; 
 3 

4. Section 953(b)(1) of the Dodd-Frank Act (which has not yet been implemented), which requires companies to disclose the ratio between the annual total compensation of the CEO and the median of the annual total compensation of all employees of the companies; and 
 
 5. The requirement to provide certain other executive compensation disclosure under Item 402 of Regulation S-K. Instead, an emerging growth company must only comply with the more limited provisions of Item 402 applicable to smaller reporting companies, regardless of the issuer s size. 
 
 Pursuant to Section 107 of the JOBS Act, an emerging growth company may choose to forgo such exemption and instead comply with the requirements that apply to an issuer that is not an emerging growth company. We have elected under this section of the JOBS Act to maintain our status as an emerging growth company and take advantage of the JOBS Act provisions relating to complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. 
 
 Competition 
 
 There is intense competition between traditional taxi companies and ride-hailing services. Companies providing ride-hailing services are transitioning from providing traditional taxi services to additional services, such as ride sharing and food and consumer goods delivery, in order to expand the overall market for transportation services. 
 
 The ride-hailing market is quite fragmented as there is high competition in the market among major players. Since this market is expanding, new entrants are emerging as well. We will compete with other ride-hailing companies, including Uber, Lyft, Door Dash, and Grubhub that are well-established in North America. In other markets where we may wish to expand, there are also well-established regional companies, such as DiDi (China), Ola (India), Grab (southeast Asia), Bolt (Europe, Africa, and the Middle East), and Cabify (South America). These companies generally have greater financial and technical resources, industry expertise, and managerial capabilities than we do. Most of our competitors benefit from established brand awareness with current and prospective customers. 
 
 We believe that industry competition for customers is primarily based on brand recognition, marketing, price, and quality of service. We hope to be able to compete effectively based on these factors though we primarily hope to develop a niche market by providing lower commission charges to restaurants that agree to utilize our food delivery services and by developing underexplored markets, such as businesses that use local courier services for non-food deliveries and rely on traditional vehicle courier companies. 
 
 Compliance with Government Regulations 
 
 We will be subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions. These laws, regulations, and standards govern issues such as worker classification, labor and employment, anti-discrimination, payments, worker confidentiality obligations, product liability, environmental protection, personal injury, text messaging, subscription services, intellectual property, consumer protection and warnings, marketing, taxation, privacy, data security, competition, unionizing and collective action, arbitration agreements and class action waiver provisions, terms of service, mobile application and website accessibility, money transmittal, and background checks. The sale and delivery of goods through our platform is also subject to laws, regulations, and standards that govern food safety, alcohol, tobacco, pharmaceuticals and controlled substances, hazardous substances, and the interstate and intrastate transport of goods. These regulations are often complex and subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice may change or develop over time through judicial decisions or as new guidance or interpretations are provided by regulatory and governing bodies, such as federal, state, and local administrative agencies. 
 
 Other proposed changes to laws and regulations related to our industry include a proposed rule under consideration by the New York State Liquor Authority that would limit fees that can be charged by food delivery facilitation services and proposed legislation in California and other states that would require third-party grocery services to maintain minimum liability insurance. 
 
 We will also be subject to general business regulations and laws as well as federal and state regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet and e-commerce. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede the growth of the Internet, e-commerce or other online services, and increase the cost of providing online services. These regulations and laws may cover taxation, tariffs, user privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, 
 4 
 
 distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection, broadband residential Internet access and the characteristics and quality of services. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales, use and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to the Internet and e-commerce. Unfavorable resolution of these issues may harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 We anticipate that a significant amount of our operations will be conducted in India due to relative low labor costs. There are no governmental regulations specifically relating to services that we intend to provide within India. Foreign corporations, such as us, are authorized to conduct business in India; however, they are required to comply with domestic business laws and regulations, including those relating to occupational health and safety, and minimum wage requirements. We do not anticipate that these regulations will have a significant adverse impact on our operations or cause us to incur significant expenses related to compliance. 
 
 PinnacleDSB 
 
 In January 2023, we announced our intention to pursue the PinnacleDSB project, which would involve the development of t commercial software that we would employ to establish large distribution centers in major cities that are surrounded by towns and villages in rural areas around the world. A large percentage of the world population lives in rural areas in non-Western countries where most consumers purchase goods through local shops. Local shop owners have traditionally purchased their inventory from wholesalers located in nearby major cities. Using PinnacleDSB s automated inventory and product delivery system, our intention is to provide rural businesses with an alternative means of accessing consumer goods that will be more efficient, reliable, and cost-effective than existence supply chain options. We would provide local shop owners with a secure tablet in order to access real-time inventory data that would enable them to place purchase orders at competitive prices. Our intention is to implement logistics for a weekly delivery system to local shops. 
 
 To date, we have prepared and disseminated a business plan relating to the PinnacleDSB project, but we have not secured the financing necessary to proceed it. We intend to proceed with the business once we have secured financing of approximately 1,000,000. There is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain the funding necessary to pursue and complete this project. 
 
 NextFind AI 
 
 On June 18, 2024, we entered into an agreement with Arcgen Consultants, a partnership formed pursuant to the laws of India operating under the name NextFind AI NextFind AI ), to establish a joint venture that will focus on the marketing and development of various artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies. To date, NextFind AI has focused on artificial intelligence projects relating to the identification of economic mineralization on exploration properties and applications to aid with medical patient care. 
 
 The agreement with NextFind AI provided that we would form a subsidiary corporation that would operate a joint venture focused on research and development, marketing, sales, and operational activities as its management determines with a focus on: 
 
 - the development of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies; 
 - marketing and sales of AI-based products and services; and 
 - operational activities to support the development and distribution of AI technologies. 
 
 The agreement contemplates that we would be responsible for funding the development of these technologies and NextFind AI would be primarily responsible for providing its expertise to develop AI-based products and services. The anticipated costs of operating the joint venture are 5.2 million with an initial 250,000 required to establish an initial facility for the joint venture and to assemble a team of product and service developers. 
 
 In consideration, of NextFind AI s participation in the joint venture, we would issue 15,000,000 shares of restricted common stock in our capital to the principals of NextFind AI. The agreement provided for an initial 60-day mutual due diligence period, which has been been extended to October 31, 2024. Following the due diligence period, the parties intend to negotiate a formal, binding agreement regarding the joint venture. There is no guarantee that a formal agreement with be executed. 
 
 If we are able to execute a formal agreement with NextFind AI, of which there is no guarantee, our intention is to initially collaborate with NextFind AI to create a database of mineral property exploration targets worldwide. We 
 5 
 
 would then use NextFind AI s autonomous data quality and anomaly detection tool to attempt to locate economic mineral deposits of important precious and critical minerals. It implements a more rapid, efficient, and cost-effective exploration methodology than conventional techniques, drastically reducing routine analysis and data collection by geologists and scientists. 
 
 Employees 
 
 We have no employees as of the date of this prospectus. We have retained independent contractors to complete the development of our WarpSpeedTaxi application. 
 
 Research and Development Expenditures 
 
 We have not incurred any research or development expenditures since our incorporation. 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 We do not have any subsidiaries. 
 
 Patents and Trademarks 
 
 We do not own, either legally or beneficially, any patents or trademarks. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 
 Currently, our only identifiable cybersecurity risk relates to the operation of our website. Management is tasked with assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. Additionally, our website is hosted by Hostinger, a Lithuanian-based private company. 
 
 Hostinger follows the latest security industry standards and best security practices to protect our servers, ensure information security, and comply with all applicable laws and regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation. Safeguards include continuous server monitoring, server and infrastructure security configuration consistently applied across all servers, firewall protection, anti-malware protection, a dedicated internal security team, applied Open Worldwide Application Security Project secure coding practices, and regular data backups. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 
 We do not own any interest in real property. Our mailing address is Shiriki House Office Community, 3rd Floor Westside Towers Lower Kabete Road, Westland s Nairobi, Kenya. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 None 
 
 6 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 None. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Our shares of common stock trade on the OTC Markets Pink Sheets under the symbol WRPT . Over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. The market for our common stock maybe illiquid and investors may not be able to sell their shares. 
 
 As of September 19, 2024, there were approximately 63 registered owners of record of our common stock. During the fiscal quarters subsequent to the date that our common stock first traded through the OTC Markets Pink Sheets (i.e., January 12, 2022), the high and low trading prices as reported by Yahoo Finance were as follows: 
 
 Period 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 August 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 

0.035 

0.02 
 
 November 1, 2022 to January 31, 2023 

0.293 

0.0201 
 
 February 1, 2023 to April 30, 2023 

0.2939 

0.165 
 
 May 1, 2023 to July 31, 2023 

0.165 

0.07 
 
 August 1, 2023 to October 31, 2023 

0.11 

0.05 
 
 November 1, 2023 to January 31, 2024 

0.10 

0.0075 
 
 February 1, 2024 to April 30, 2024 

0.54 

0.065 
 
 May 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 

0.91 

0.05 

Holders of common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore and, in the event of liquidation, to share pro rata in any distribution of our assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend. We have not paid any dividends and we do not have any current plans to pay any dividends. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of our Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. 
 
 Introduction 
 
 We were incorporated on November 18, 2020 under the laws of the State of Wyoming. 
 
 Results of Operations for Fiscal 2024 
 
 From August 1, 2023 to our fiscal year end of July 31, 2024, we did not earn any revenue. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, we incurred net loss of 129,123 consisting entirely of general and administrative fees. 
 
 We have not attained profitable operations and are dependent upon obtaining financing to complete our proposed business plan. For these reasons our auditors believe that there is substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in operation. 
 7 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of July 31, 2024, our current assets consisted of 39 in cash and 15,000 in prepayments and deposits and our total liabilities were 81,265. We expect we will require additional capital to meet our long-term operating requirements. We expect to raise additional capital through, among other methods, the sale of equity or debt securities. 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 We have not generated positive cash flows from operating activities. For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, net cash flow used in operating activities was 82,810) consisting of our net loss of 129,123), which was offset by the non-cash portion of our accounts payable of 46,313. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, we used 22,167) in investment activities consisting of a software development costs relating to the WarpSpeed Taxi computer application. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 We have financed our operations exclusively through the sale of our common stock. For the fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2024, we did not engage in any financing activities. 
 
 We have not attained profitable operations and are dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue exploration activities. For these reasons, there is substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern 
 
 Since our incorporation, we have financed our operations through proceeds from the sale of our common stock. We expect to finance operations through the sale of equity for the foreseeable future, as we do not receive significant revenue from our business operations. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in arranging financing on acceptable terms. 
 
 Our ability to raise additional capital is affected by trends and uncertainties beyond our control. We do not currently have any arrangements for financing and we may not be able to find such financing if required. Obtaining additional financing would be subject to a number of factors, including investor sentiment. Market factors may make the timing, amount, terms or conditions of additional financing unavailable to us. 
 
 Our auditors are of the opinion that our continuation as a going concern is in doubt. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon continued financial support from our shareholders and other related parties. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of the date of this annual report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, inventories, adequacy of allowances for doubtful accounts, valuation of long-lived assets and goodwill, income taxes, litigation and warranties. We base its estimates on historical and anticipated results and trends and on various other assumptions that we believe are 
 8 
 
 reasonable under the circumstances, including assumptions as to future events. The policies discussed below are considered by management to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements. These estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. By their nature, estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 
 
 Property and Equipment 
 
 Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation of property and equipment are accounted for by accelerated methods over the following estimated useful lives: 
 
 Evaluation of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 We review property and equipment for potential impairment whenever significant events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable in accordance with the guidance in ASC 360-15-35 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets . An impairment exists when the carrying amount of the long-lived assets is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If an impairment exists, the resulting write-down would be the difference between the fair market value of the long-lived asset and the related net book value. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Deferred income tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using the statutory marginal income tax rate in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred income tax expenses or credits are based on the changes in the deferred income tax assets or liabilities from period to period. A valuation allowance against deferred tax assets is required if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The valuation allowance should be sufficient to reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to the Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheet as at July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-2 
 
 Statement of Comprehensive Loss for the Year Ending July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Stockholders Equity for the Year Ending July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Cash Flow for the Year Ending July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Audited Financial Statements 
 F-6 

9 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 WARPSPEED TAXI, INC. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Warpspeed Taxi, Inc (the Company as of July 31, 2024, and 2023 and the related statements of comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended July 31, 2024, and 2023 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3, the Company suffered an accumulated deficit of 623,586 and net loss of 136,706. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regards to these matters are also described in Note 3 to the financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or are required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosure that are material to the financial statement and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 
 /s/ OLAYINKA OYEBOLA CO. 

(Chartered Accountants) 
 PCAOB#: 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 
 September 2, 2024 
 
 F-1 

WARPSPEED TAXI INC. 
 BALANCE SHEET 
 (Audited) 
 
 July 31, 
 2024 
 
 July 31, 
 2023 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepayment deposits 

Total current assets: 

Fixed assets: 

Software 

Equipment 

Total Fixed assets: 

Total Assets: 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities: 

Total Liabilities: 

Stockholder s Equity 

Common stock: par value, authorized, 
 and issued and outstanding as of 
 July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023, respectively. 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Total Stockholder s Equity: 

Total Liabilities and Stockholder s Equity: 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited condensed financial statements) 
 F-2 

WARPSPEED TAXI INC. 
 STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (Audited) 

For the year ended 
 July 31, 
 
 2024 
 
 2023 

Expenses: 

General and administrative 

Net Loss: 
 
 ) 

) 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited condensed financial statements) 
 F-3 

WARPSPEED TAXI INC. 
 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 
 For the year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 

Common Stock 

Number 
 
 Par Value 
 
 Paid in Capital 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Total 

Opening Balance, July 31, 2022 

) 

Issuance of common stock 

Net Loss 

) 

) 
 
 Closing Balance, July 31, 2023 

) 

Opening Balance, July 31, 2023 

) 

Common stock cancelled 
 
 ) 

) 

Issuance of common stock 

Net Loss 

) 

) 
 
 Closing Balance, July 31, 2024 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited condensed financial statements) 
 F-4 

WARPSPEED TAXI INC. 
 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Audited) 

For the year ended 

July 31, 
 
 2024 

2023 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss for the period 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities: 
 
 ) 

) 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Software development 
 
 ) 

Net cash used in investing activities: 
 
 ) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 
 ) 

Additional paid in capital 

Net cash used in financing activities: 

Change in cash 

) 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

Supplemental cash flow disclosures 

Cash paid For: 

Interest 

Income tax 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited condensed financial statements) 
 F-5 

WARPSPEED TAXI INC. 
 NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 For the years ending July 31, 2024, and 2023 
 
), operating cash outflows for the year-ended, July 31, 2024 of and an accumulated deficit of as of July 31, 2024. Further losses are anticipated in the development of its business raising substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. In order to remain in business, the Company will need to raise capital in the next twelve months. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and/or obtaining the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months with existing cash on hand and proceeds from its public offering. The Company has no written or verbal commitments from stockholders, director or officer to provide the Company with any form of cash advances, loans or other sources of liquidity to meet its working capital needs. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern. 

in cash (July 31, 2023 - ). 
 
 F-6 

F-7 

F-8 

(July 31, 2023 - ). Upon completion, the software will have an estimated useful life of three years. 
 
 shares with a par value of per share. 
 
 During the Year Ended July 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock for total cash proceeds of . 
 
 During the Year Ended July 31, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock to one shareholder for a net value of . The Company also cancelled shares of common stock for no monetary amount. 
 
 On July 31, 2024, there were no issued and outstanding stock options or warrants. 
 
 from a company affiliated with the Company. This advance is unsecured, non-interest bearing, and has no fixed terms of repayment. 
 
 During the year-ended July 31, 2024, the Company did not have any new related party transactions. 
 
 that may be available to reduce future years taxable income in varying amounts through 2040. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements, as their realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards. 
 
 The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on consideration of these items, management has determined that enough uncertainty exists relative to the realization of the deferred income tax asset balances to warrant the application of a full valuation allowance as of July 31, 2024. All tax years since inception remain open for examination by taxing authorities. 
 F-9 

F-10 
 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 As supervised by our board of directors and our principal executive and principal financial officer, management has established a system of disclosure, controls and procedures and has evaluated the effectiveness of that system. The system and its evaluation are reported on in the below Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our principal executive and financial officer has concluded that our disclosure, controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of July 31, 2024, were not effective, based on the evaluation of these controls and procedures required by paragraph (b) of Rule 13a-15. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024. We carried out this assessment using the criteria of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, management has conducted an assessment, including testing, using the criteria in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 
 
 Our system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
 
 Based on our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of July 31, 2024 and were subject to material weaknesses. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria established in the COSO: 
 
 1 Failing to have an audit committee or other independent committee that is independent of management to assess internal control over financial reporting; and 
 2 Failing to have a director that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm, pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only 
 9 
 
 management s report in this annual report. Management concluded in this assessment that as of July 31, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting is not effective. 
 
 There have been no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of our 2024 fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Our executive officers and directors and their respective ages are as follows: 
 
 Name of Executive Officer and/or Director 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Daniel Okelo 
 
 39 
 
 President, C.E.O., C.F.O. and Director 
 
 Richard Specht 
 
 42 
 
 Secretary 

The following describes the business experience of our directors and executive officers, including other directorships held in reporting companies: 
 
 Daniel Okelo acts as our President, C.E.O., C.F.O., and a director, and also holds those positions with our parent company, Limitless Projects Inc. Since April 2019, he has also acted as relief manager for Ashnil Lodges and Camps. From September 2018 to April 2019, Mr. Okelo acted as a manager for the Crown Plaza Hotel and, from December 2015 to September 2018, he acted as the rooms division manager for the Nairobi Safari Club. All of these companies are located in Nairobi, Kenya. Mr. Okelo is in the course of completing his Master of Science degree in Hospitality and Tourism Management from Kenyatta University in Nairobi. He earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Hospitality and Tourism Management from the same institution in 2014. Mr. Okelo also holds a diploma in hotel management from Kenya Utalii College in Nairobi. 
 
 Richard Specht, 42, has over 20 years of experience in private and public markets, including management and investment roles. He has owned and operated businesses across various sectors, including retail and home services. Mr. Specht has also served as a corporate secretary at multiple companies. His diverse background equips him to support transparency and compliance in his role as our Corporate Secretary. 
 
 Term of Office 
 
 Our directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. 
 
 Section 16(A) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than five percent (5 of the Company s equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent shareholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based on its review of the copies of such forms received by it, the Company believes that during the fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2024, all such filing requirements applicable to its officers and directors were complied with. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We have not adopted a Code of Ethics that governs the conduct of our officer. 
 
 10 

Audit Committee 
 
 We do not have a formal audit committee or an audit committee financial expert. We do not have an audit committee financial expert because we believe the cost related to retaining a financial expert at this time is prohibitive. Further, because we have limited operations, at the present time, we believe the services of a financial expert are not warranted. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The following table sets forth the compensation paid by us since our incorporation to our officers. This information includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards and number of stock options granted, and certain other compensation, if any. The compensation discussed addresses all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to named executive officers. 
 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Change in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Daniel Okelo 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, 
 principal accounting officer and director 
 2024 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 2023 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Richard Specht 
 Secretary 
 2024 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

The compensation discussed herein addresses all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers. 
 
 There are no stock option plans, retirement, pension, or profit-sharing plans for the benefit of our officers and directors. 
 
 Compensation of Directors 
 
 Our directors are not compensated for their services as directors. The board has not implemented a plan to award options to any directors. There are no contractual arrangements with any member of the board of directors. We have no director service contracts. 
 
 Change of Control 
 
 We do not have any pension plans or compensatory plans or other arrangements which provide compensation in the event of a termination of employment or a change in our control. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The following table sets forth, as of July 31, 2024, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock and by each of our current directors and executive officers. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. 
 11 

Title of 
 Class 
 Name and address 
 of beneficial owner 
 Amount of 
 beneficial 
 ownership 
 Percent 
 Of Class 
 
 Common Stock 
 Daniel Okelo 
 President, C.E.O., C.F.O. and director 
 2261 Rosanna Drive 
 Las Vegas, NV 89117 
 40,000 
 shares 
 0.00 

Common Stock 
 Limitless Projects Inc. (1) 
 9436 W. Lake Mead Blvd., Ste. 5-53 
 Las Vegas, NV 89134-8340 
 115,000,000 
 shares 
 82.2 

Common Stock 
 All Officers and Directors 
 as a group that consists of one person1 
 115,040,000 
 shares 
 82.2 

Common Stock 
 Salim Rahim Punja Rana 
 East Riverside Estate, 04 Marot Crt, Kangundo Rd 
 Utwala, Nairobi. Kenya 00100 
 11,000,000 
 shares 
 7.86 

Common Stock 
 Topline Holdings Inc (2) 
 220 Uccello Dr 
 Las Vegas, NV 89138 
 10,271,000 
 shares 
 7.34 

1. Mr. Daniel Okelo is the sole director and officer of Limitless Projects Inc. and has authority to vote our shares that Limitless Projects Inc. owns. Accordingly, we have included the shares that Limitless Projects Inc. owns in the calculation of the number of shares that the officers and directors collectively own. 
 
 2. Stacey Fling is the sole director and officer of Topline Holdings Inc. 
 
 The percent of class is based on 139,940,000 shares of common stock that is currently issued and outstanding as of the date of this annual report. 
 
 None of the above shareholders have any right to acquire additional shares of common stock in the capital of the Company. There are no arrangements that may result in our change in control of the Company. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 During the period from August 1, 2023 to July 31, 2024, and the period since our most recently completed fiscal year, we have not entered into any transactions with directors, executive officers, nominees for election as a director, any 10 shareholders of our common stock, or any immediate family members of the such persons in which they had a direct or indirect material interest in the transaction. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 Audit Fees. 
 
 The aggregate fees billed by for professional services rendered for the accounting and audit of our financial statements for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 was 2,000 per year. 
 
 Audit-Related Fees. 
 
 There have been no audit-related fees billed by our accountants in the last fiscal year of our Company. 
 
 Tax Fees. 
 
 There have been no tax fees billed by our accountants in the last fiscal year of our Company. 
 12 

All Other Fees. 
 
 Our principal accountant has billed us 1,750 for the review of our quarterly report filings on Form 10-Q for each of the last two fiscal years of our Company. 
 
 It is the policy of our board of directors that before the accountant is engaged to render audit or non-audit services, the engagement is approved by the Board of Directors that is at present acting as the Audit Committee. 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 3.2 
 
 By-Laws 
 
 10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement 
 
 31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 99.1 
 
 Subscription Agreement 

Copies of the following documents are included as exhibits to this report pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 SEC Ref. No. 
 
 Title of Document 
 
 101. INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101. SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101. CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101. DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101. LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101. PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

The XBRL related information in Exhibits 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and is not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of those sections. 

13 

SIGNATURES 
 
 In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 WARPSPEED TAXI INC. 
 
 By: /s/ Daniel Okelo 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, principal accounting officer and director 
 
 Date: October 9, 2024 
 
 In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 By: /s/ Daniel Okelo 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, principal accounting officer and director 
 
 Date: October 9, 2024 

14 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 wrpt_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO

Certification of CEO and CFO 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Daniel Okelo, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this amended annual report on Form 10-K/A of WarpSpeed Taxi Inc. (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: October 9, 2024 

/s/ Daniel Okelo 
 Daniel Okelo 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 wrpt_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO

Certification of CEO and CFO 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 The undersigned, Daniel Okelo, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of WarpSpeed Taxi Inc. (the Company hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (a) The Amended Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of the Company for the period ended July 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 
 (b) The information contained in the Form 10-K/A fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date: October 9, 2024 
 
 /s/ Daniel Okelo 
 Daniel Okelo 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 wrpt-20240731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 wrpt-20240731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 wrpt-20240731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 wrpt-20240731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 wrpt-20240731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

