<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1589061_0001437749-24-035730.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16118776</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>130504</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>13003119</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>911207</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1122700</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>874227</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-035730.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119160304
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-035730
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gyrodyne, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001589061
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF NONRESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS [6512]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				463838291
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37547
		FILM NUMBER:		241475968

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 FLOWERFIELD, SUITE 24
		CITY:			ST. JAMES
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11780
		BUSINESS PHONE:		631-584-5400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 FLOWERFIELD, SUITE 24
		CITY:			ST. JAMES
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11780

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-035730.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 gyrllc20240930_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

gyrllc20240930_10q.htm 

FORM 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 (Mark One) 

 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
			 
			 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address and Zip Code of principal executive offices) 

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of Exchange on which Registered 

Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
			 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

On November 19, 2024, there were common shares outstanding. 

1

INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT OF GYRODYNE, LLC 

 QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Seq. Page 

Form 10-Q Cover 

1 

Index to Form 10-Q 

2 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

3 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

3 

Consolidated Statements of Net Assets as of September 30, 2024 (liquidation basis and unaudited) and December 31, 2023 (liquidation basis) 

3 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (liquidation basis and unaudited) 

4 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 

5 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

17 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
			 29 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

29 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

30 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

30 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

30 

SIGNATURES 

32 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
			 32 

2

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 Item 1. Financial Statements. 

GYRODYNE, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF NET ASSETS 

AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED) AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 

(Liquidation Basis) 

September 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

			 (Unaudited) 

2023 

ASSETS: 

Real estate held for sale 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Rent receivable 

Other receivables 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred rent liability 

Tenant security deposits payable 

Loans payable 

Estimated liquidation and operating costs net of estimated receipts 

Total Liabilities 

Net assets in liquidation 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

3

GYRODYNE, LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

 FOR THE NINE-MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

 (Liquidation Basis) 

 (Unaudited) 

Net assets in liquidation, as of December 31, 2023 

Changes in assets and liabilities in liquidation: 

Change in liquidation value of real estate 

Issuance of common shares, net 

Remeasurement of assets and liabilities 

Net decrease in liquidation value 

Net assets in liquidation, as of September 30, 2024 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

4

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (LIQUIDATION BASIS) FOR THE NINE-MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

square feet to be comprised of square feet of medical use and square feet of retail use. 

Various other factors will continue to impact the timeline to achieve approvals, including the backlog of land use applications, zoning authority labor shortages and environmental concerns. Nevertheless, we will continue to market the properties and, although there can be no assurances, the Company believes subdivision approval will be received in early 2025 for Flowerfield, and could be received for Cortlandt Manor in mid-2025, contingent on the timing for entering contracts (which we anticipate will include closing terms conditioned upon receiving subdivision (if requested) and site plan approval which the Company believes can be pursued simultaneously rather than sequentially). 

Although Gyrodyne believes that selling individual lots will maximize value, it is also pursuing prospective purchasers who may be willing to pay purchase prices for the entire undivided Flowerfield or Cortlandt Manor property, or for the entire company itself, that Gyrodyne finds more attractive from a timing and value perspective. 

On January 5, 2024, Gyrodyne retained JLL Capital Markets to market the Company s Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor properties. 

Business 

Gyrodyne is a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of New York whose primary business is the management of, and the pursuit of entitlements on, a portfolio of medical office and industrial properties located in Suffolk Flowerfield and Westchester Counties Cortlandt Manor ), New York State. 

Substantially all of our developed properties are subject to leases in which the tenant reimburses the Company for a portion, all of or substantially all of the costs and/or cost increases for utilities, insurance, repairs, maintenance and real estate taxes. Certain leases provide that the Company is responsible for certain operating expenses. 

Our efforts to generate the highest values for Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor may involve in limited circumstances other strategies to manage risk and or enhance the net value of Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor to maximize the returns for our shareholders. Gyrodyne intends to dissolve after we complete the disposition of all of our real property assets, apply the proceeds of such dispositions first to settle any debts and claims, pending or otherwise, against Gyrodyne, and then pay distributions to holders of Gyrodyne common shares. The process of seeking entitlements and the amount and timing of distributions from proceeds of asset sales involve risks and uncertainties. As such, it is impossible at this time to determine with certainty the ultimate amount of proceeds that will actually be distributed to our shareholders or the timing of such payments. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the distributions will equal or exceed the estimate of net assets presented in our consolidated statements of net assets. The actual nature, amount and timing of all distributions will be determined by Gyrodyne s Board in its sole discretion and will depend in part upon the Company s ability to convert our remaining assets into cash in compliance with our obligations under the Stipulation entered into in connection with a class action lawsuit settled in 2015 (See Note 13 Contingencies) and satisfy our remaining liabilities and obligations. Under Gyrodyne s Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (the LLC Agreement ), such dissolution may be effected upon an election to dissolve the Company by the Board that is approved by the vote of holders of a majority of Gyrodyne common shares or, in the Board s sole discretion and without any separate approval by the holders of Gyrodyne common shares, at any time the value of Gyrodyne s assets, as determined by the Board in good faith, is less than . 

The Company s remaining real estate investments, each of which is held in a single asset limited liability company wholly owned by the Company, consist of: 

Cortlandt Manor: acres in Cortlandt Manor, New York, consisting of the square foot Cortlandt Manor Medical Center; and 

Flowerfield: acres in St. James, New York, including a -acre multi-tenanted industrial park comprising rentable square feet. 

million. The LLC Agreement also provides that the Company will dissolve, and its affairs wound up, upon the sale, exchange or other disposition of all the real properties of the Company. As a result, liquidation is deemed to be imminent in accordance with the guidance provided in ASC 205-30. 

and , respectively, or approximately and per common share, respectively, based on and shares outstanding, respectively (see Note 12 Rights Offering). The decrease of in estimated liquidating distributions is mainly attributable to the decrease in real estate value of and the increased costs associated with the timeline extension of one year offset by the cash raised in the rights offering (net proceeds of that closed on March 7, 2024 and other savings (approximately inclusive of approximately in savings directly attributable to the decreased real estate value). Approximately per share of the reduction in net assets per share was driven by the issuance (stemming from the Rights Offering) of shares at per share (reflecting a discount of per share to the proforma net assets in liquidation as of December 31, 2023). 

The cash balance at the end of the liquidation period (currently estimated to be in 2026, although the estimated completion of the liquidation period may change), excluding any interim distributions, is estimated based on adjustments for the following items which are estimated through 2026: 

1. 

The estimated cash receipts from the operation of the Company s properties net of rental property related expenditures as well as costs expected to be incurred to preserve or improve the net realizable value of the properties at their estimated gross sales proceeds. 

2. 

Net proceeds from the sale of all the Company s real estate holdings. 

3. 

The general and administrative expenses and or liabilities associated with operations and the liquidation of the Company including severance, director and officer liability coverage including post liquidation tail policy coverage, and financial and legal fees (inclusive of the Article 78 Proceeding) to complete the liquidation. 

4. 

Costs for the pursuit of entitlements on the Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor properties. 

5. 

Retention bonus amounts (see Note 11). 

6. 

Principal payments on the Company s credit facilities. 

The Company estimates the net realizable value of its real estate assets by using income and market valuation techniques. The Company may estimate net realizable values using market information such as broker opinions of value, appraisals, and recent sales data for similar assets or discounted cash flow models, which primarily rely on Level 3 inputs, as defined under FASB ASC Topic No. 820, Fair Value Measurement. The cash flow models include estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period. These cash flows may include contractual rental revenues, projected future rental revenues and expenses and forecasted capital improvements and lease commissions based upon market conditions determined through discussion with local real estate professionals and relevant Company experience with its current and previously owned properties. Capitalization rates and discount rates utilized in these models are estimated by management based upon rates that management believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates for the respective properties based upon an analysis of factors such as property and tenant quality, geographical location, local supply and demand observations and no sewage treatment plants. To the extent the Company underestimates or overestimates forecasted cash outflows (capital improvements, excluding any costs for sewage treatment plants, lease commissions and operating costs) or overestimates or underestimates forecasted cash inflows (rental revenue rates) or other unfavorable or favorable variances of the aforementioned assumptions, the estimated net realizable value of its real estate assets could be overstated or understated. 

The Company estimates that it will incur approximately in land entitlement costs (included in the consolidated statement of net assets as part of the estimated liquidation and operating costs net of receipts, (see Note 5)) from October 2024 through the end of the liquidation period, currently estimated to conclude in 2026, in an effort to obtain entitlements, including special permits. The Company believes the commitment of these resources will enable the Company to position the properties for sale with all entitlements necessary to maximize the aggregate Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor property values and resulting distributions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred approximately of land entitlement costs, consisting predominately of engineering fees, legal fees and real estate taxes. The Company believes the remaining balance of (inclusive of real estate taxes of and regulatory fees of will be incurred from October 2024 through the end of the liquidation period. The Company does not intend on developing the properties but rather positioning the properties for increased development flexibility in the shortest period of time with the least amount of risk to the Company. The costs and time frame to achieve the entitlements could change due to a range of factors including a shift in the value of certain entitlements making it more profitable to pursue a different mix of entitlements and the dynamics of the real estate market. As a result, the Company has focused and will continue to focus its land entitlement efforts on achieving the highest and best use while considering the time and direct and indirect costs necessary to achieve such entitlements. During the process of pursuing such entitlements, the Company may entertain offers from potential buyers who may be willing to pay premiums for the properties that the Company finds more acceptable from a timing or value perspective than completing the entitlement processes itself. The value of the real estate reported in the statement of net assets as of September 30, 2024 includes some but not all of the potential value impact that may result from the land entitlement efforts. There can be no assurance that our value enhancement efforts will result in property value increases that exceed the costs we incur in such efforts, or even any increase at all. 

The net assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 results in estimated distributions of approximately and per common share, respectively, based on and shares outstanding, respectively (see Note 12 Rights Offering), based on estimates and other indications of sales value. This estimate of distributions includes projections of costs and expenses to be incurred during the period required to complete the plan of liquidation. There is inherent uncertainty with these projections, and they could change materially based on the timing of the sales, change in values of the Cortlandt Manor and/or Flowerfield properties (whether market driven or resulting from the land entitlement efforts) net of any bonuses, favorable or unfavorable changes in the land entitlement costs, the performance of the underlying assets, the market for commercial real estate properties generally and any changes in the underlying assumptions of the projected cash flows. 

, excluding the gross proceeds from the real estate sales. These amounts can vary significantly due to, among other things, land entitlement costs, the timing and estimates for executing and renewing leases, capital expenditures to maintain the real estate at its current estimated realizable value and estimates of tenant improvement costs, costs to defend the Article 78 Proceeding, the timing of property sales and any direct/indirect costs incurred that are related to the sales (e.g., retention bonuses on the sale of the Cortlandt Manor and Flowerfield properties, real estate commissions, costs to address buy side due diligence inclusive of administrative fees, legal fees and property costs to address items arising from such due diligence and not previously known), the timing and amounts associated with discharging known and contingent liabilities and the costs associated with the winding up of operations. These costs are estimated and are anticipated to be paid during the remaining liquidation period. 

The change in the liability for estimated costs in excess of estimated receipts during liquidation from January 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 is as follows: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

- 

Liabilities: 

Property operating costs 

Capital expenditures 

Land entitlement costs 

Corporate expenditures 

Selling costs on real estate assets 

Retention bonus payments to officers and employees 

Liability for estimated liquidation and operating costs net of estimated receipts 

(the Original Line with a bank, which closed on March 21, 2018. The original line included an interest only phase. On April 30, 2021, the loan converted to the Permanent Phase with an outstanding principal balance of . During the Permanent Phase, the Company is paying interest at a fixed rate of , plus principal based on a -year amortization period. The loan will mature on April 30, 2028. The outstanding balance as of September 30, 2024 was . 

To secure access to additional working capital through the final sale date of the Flowerfield industrial buildings, the Company secured a second loan evidenced by a non-revolving business line of credit agreement and promissory note with the Original Line bank for up to , which closed on January 24, 2019. This loan included an interest only phase. On May 20, 2021, the loan converted to the Permanent Phase with an outstanding principal balance of . During the Permanent Phase, the Company pays interest at a fixed rate of , plus principal based on a -year amortization period. The loan will mature on May 20, 2028. The outstanding balance as of September 30, 2024 was . 

Both lines are secured by approximately acres of the Flowerfield Industrial Park including the related buildings and leases. As of September 30, 2024, the Company is in compliance with the loan covenants. The Company anticipates modifying the terms of the loans following the completion of the subdivision so that the loans remain secured by the two subdivided industrial park lots only. 

On September 15, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary GSD Cortlandt, LLC GSD Cortlandt ), secured a million term loan (the Mortgage Loan with Signature Bank, the proceeds of which were used to pay off the previous GSD Cortlandt debt facility of which was outstanding. The term of the Mortgage Loan is five years with an option to extend for an additional five years (the Extension Period ). Until the initial maturity date (September 14, 2026), the Mortgage Loan bears interest at an annual rate equal to . If the maturity date is extended for the Extension Period, the rate of interest on the Mortgage Loan will adjust and be fixed for the Extension Period to the greater of (i) or (ii) basis points in excess of the weekly average yield on United States Treasury Securities adjusted to a constant maturity of five years as most recently made available by the Federal Reserve Board as of thirty days prior to the first day of the Extension Period. The Mortgage Loan will be paid in monthly installments of principal and interest calculated on the basis of a thirty-year amortization schedule. If the maturity date is extended for the Extension Period, the amount of each monthly installment will be recalculated for the Extension Period based on the adjusted interest rate on the Mortgage Loan and an amortization schedule of twenty-five years. The lender has the right, but not the obligation, to decline to extend the term of the Mortgage Loan if the loan to value ratio of the property is greater than seventy percent ), or the property does not support a debt service coverage ratio (as calculated by the lender) of at least to 1, in each case on the date the extension is exercised. GSD Cortlandt also is responsible for all fees and expenses associated with the extension including, but not limited to, the lender s reasonable legal fees, an inspection fee in the amount of , and a tax service fee. 

The Mortgage Loan may be prepaid in whole or in part, at any time, provided the borrower (GSD Cortlandt) pays the bank with each prepayment a prepayment fee equal to (i) during the first loan year and, if applicable, the first loan year of the Extension Period, five percent of the amount of such prepayment; (ii) during the second loan year and, if applicable, during the second loan year of the Extension Period, four percent of the amount of such prepayment; (iii) during the third loan year and, if applicable, during the third loan year of the Extension Period, three percent of the amount of such prepayment; (iv) during the fourth loan year and, if applicable, during the fourth loan year of the Extension Period, two percent of the amount of such prepayment; and (v) during the fifth loan year and, if applicable, during the fifth loan year of the Extension Period, one percent of the amount of such prepayment. There will be no prepayment fee for any prepayment made during the sixty-day period immediately preceding the initial maturity date or the last sixty days of the Extension Period. All prepayments must include accrued and unpaid interest through the date of prepayment. On December 14, 2023, the FDIC transferred the Mortgage Loan to SIG CRE 2023 Venture LLC, which is now the holder of the Mortgage Loan. The outstanding balance as of September 30, 2024 was . 

The Mortgage Loan is secured by the Cortlandt Manor property located at 1985 Crompond Road acres). 

On December 27, 2023, the Company, through its subsidiaries GSD Cortlandt, LLC GSD Cortlandt and Buttonwood Acquisition, LLC Buttonwood ), secured a term mortgage loan (the Mortgage Loan in the principal amount of with LLYR Resources, LLC. The net proceeds of the Mortgage Loan will be used for general working capital. The Mortgage Loan is unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company. The term of the Mortgage Loan is two years. Until the maturity date, the Mortgage Loan bears interest at a floating interest rate of per annum in excess of the Wall Street Prime Rate, with such interest only payable monthly. The loan may be prepaid, in whole or in part, at any time, without a prepayment fee. 

The Mortgage Loan is secured by a first mortgage in the amount of on the interests of GSD Cortlandt in 1989 Crompond Road and 1987 Crompond Road in Cortlandt Manor, New York, and the interests of Buttonwood in 206 Buttonwood Avenue and certain vacant land off of Buttonwood Road in Cortlandt Manor, New York. 

On February 1, 2024, an agreement was signed with one vendor who had previously agreed to defer of payment until the closing of the first property lot sale that is the subject of either the Flowerfield or Cortlandt Manor subdivision. The agreement called for a payment on outstanding invoices plus an interest payment on such invoices, interest to accrue monthly on the outstanding balance, agreement to pay all future invoices in full, and conversion of the remaining outstanding balance of (balance due after the payment) to a loan payable within 15 days of the sale of one of the Company s properties. The loan will accrue interest at per month through 2024 and per month starting January 2025. 

The total debt payable mature as follows: 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred accounts payable (a) 

Deferred Compensation to Directors (b) 

Total 

Total 

(a) 

In February 2024, an agreement was made with one vendor who previously agreed to defer of their fees to pay and to convert the remaining balance of to an interest-bearing loan (see Note 6 Loans Payable). 

(b) 

The Company manages its billing and collection process internally to enable timely identification of collection issues. The controls and related processes enable the Company to timely identify and establish payment plans to minimize material losses from defaults. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the Company identifies high risk collectibles, records them on a cash basis and does not include them in revenue or accounts receivable. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a zero balance in its allowance for doubtful accounts. 

, and of total rental income. The three largest tenants by revenue as of September 30, 2024 consist of New York Presbyterian Medical Group located in the Cortlandt Manor Medical Center, Stony Brook University Hospital located in the industrial park and an athletic facility in the industrial park. 

There can be no assurance that the Company s leases will renew for the same square footage, at favorable rates net of tenant improvements, if at all. 

Other employee severance commitment contingencies 

Total 

Excludes Retention Bonus Payments 

Employment agreements - The Company has an employment agreement with its Chief Executive Officer. The agreement provides for a bonus of payable upon a change of control as defined in the agreement. In addition, the agreement provides for severance equivalent to 6 months of base salary and the vesting and related payment of the change of control bonus. 

The Company also has an employment agreement with its Chief Operating Officer COO executed on May 8, 2014 which provides for severance on a termination without cause equal to 6 months of base salary. On January 25, 2018, Gyrodyne entered into an amendment to the employment agreement with the COO to define with greater specificity the COO s duties and responsibilities with respect to the Company s properties. 

Under Company policy the aggregate severance commitment contingency to other employees is approximately . 

Retention Bonus Plan- In May 2014, the Board of Directors approved a retention bonus plan (as amended, the Plan designed to recognize the nature and scope of the responsibilities of our directors, executives and employees related to the Company s strategic plan to enhance the property values, liquidate and dissolve, to reward and incent performance in connection therewith, to align the interests of directors, executives and employees with our shareholders and to retain such persons during the term of such plan. The Plan provides for bonuses to directors and to officers and employees determined by the gross sales proceeds from the sale of each property and the date of sale. 

As a result of feedback we received from shareholders during our shareholder listening tours in 2022 and 2023, the Company evaluated various possible changes to the Plan to better align the interests of the Plan participants with those of the shareholders. Effective September 5, 2023, the Board of Directors approved Amendment No. 5 Amendment No. 5 to the Plan. Amendment No. 5 is intended to create better alignment of interests between Plan participants and all shareholders. 

The primary features of Amendment No. 5 are as follows: 

1,137,108 forfeited by retired directors returned to the Company : Prior to Amendment No. 5, the Plan provided that Bonus Plan benefits forfeited by retired director participants would be re-allocated among the remaining director participants pro rata. Nevertheless, under Amendment No. 5, such forfeited Bonus Plan benefits in the estimated amount of have been removed from the pool and returned to the Company. 

Waiver of plan benefits by directors : Director participants agreed to waive all Plan benefits in exchange for shares issuable under the Stock Plan (defined and described below), which received shareholder approval on October 12, 2023. All benefits so waived by the director participants were deemed void and not reallocated to any other participants in the Plan. 

Bonus rate: Bonus rate on property sale proceeds was modified for employees to on up to of net proceeds (net of commissions) and for incremental net sales above 50,985,000. 

Delayed vesting : An employee participant will only vest in Plan benefits triggered by property sales if he or she remains continuously employed through both the date of closing and the date of the Board s irrevocable determination of a shareholder distribution; if employment terminates by death, disability or voluntary termination following substantial reduction in compensation (assuming no cause grounds for involuntary termination), however, the employee participant remains entitled to benefits only with respect to any property sales occurring within three years and yielding an internal rate of return of at least (IRR ceases to apply to periods beginning after the property is under contract). 

Benefits generally not payable until shareholders paid : Benefits are not payable until liquidating cash distributions are paid to shareholders, except that employee participants will receive early payments if the cumulative amounts credited to the bonus pool bookkeeping account for employee participants equals or exceeds . 

Early sale incentive : If any property is sold on or before September 30, 2024, the bonus pool for employee participants will be funded with an additional of net sale price. 

Removal of price floor : The price floor hurdle for the sale of properties was removed for all participants to eliminate the perception of any perverse incentive to avoid particular property sales that may not exceed the floor but which otherwise may be in the best interests of shareholders. 

The bonus pool is distributable in the following proportions to the named participants in the bonus plan for so long as they are directors or employees of the Company: 

Board Discretionary Amount 

Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Operations Officer 

Officer Discretionary Amount (b) 

Other Employees 

Total 

(a) 

for the Chairman and for each of the other three remaining participant directors. Jan Loeb (nominated to the Board on July 28, 2023 and elected to a three-year term on October 12, 2023) is not a participant in the Plan. 

(b) 

Under the Plan, there were no payments made during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Restricted Stock Award Plan The Gyrodyne, LLC Restricted Stock Award Plan (the Stock Plan was approved by the Board on September 5, 2023 and by the shareholders of the Company on October 12, 2023 and became effective on October 12, 2023. Under the Stock Plan, the Company issued to the former director participants in the Retention Bonus Plan (the Bonus Plan ), in exchange for the waiver and forfeiture of their Bonus Plan benefits, an aggregate of Gyrodyne shares, subject to vesting, effective November 14, 2023. 

The primary features of the Stock Plan are as follows: 

Purpose: The purpose of adoption of the Stock Plan was to incentivize the former director participants in the Bonus Plan to exchange their interests in the Bonus Plan for shares in the Company issuable under the Stock Plan, which would allow for compensation plan separation between directors and employees and better alignment of interests between director participants and shareholders. 

Eligibility: Directors of the Company who were participants in the Bonus Plan were eligible to receive grants under the Stock Plan. The eligible directors were Paul Lamb, Ronald Macklin, Nader Salour and Richard Smith. All such individuals agreed to exchange their Bonus Plan benefits for shares under the Stock Plan, subject to shareholder approval of the Stock Plan. Jan Loeb was not a participant in the Bonus Plan and was not eligible to participate in the Stock Plan. 

Maximum Shares: The total number of shares that were authorized for issuance under the Stock Plan at the effective time is shares, or approximately of the common shares outstanding at the effective time of the adoption of the Stock Plan after giving effect to the issuance of the Stock Plan shares (or of the current total common shares outstanding after giving effect to the rights offering). All Stock Plan shares were issued effective November 14, 2023 to Stock Plan participants. There are no remaining shares issuable in the Stock Plan. 

Administration: Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Plan, the Stock Plan is administered and interpreted by a committee consisting of either (i) the Board, or (ii) the President and at least two other directors appointed by the Board. The committee has full power and authority to administer and interpret the Stock Plan, to make factual determinations and to adopt or amend such rules, regulations, agreements and instruments for implementing the Stock Plan and for the conduct of its business as it deems necessary or advisable, to waive requirements relating to formalities or other matters that do not modify the substance of rights of participants or constitute a material amendment of the Stock Plan, to correct any defect or supply any omission of the Stock Plan or any grant document and to reconcile any inconsistencies in the Stock Plan or any grant document. 

Restricted Stock: Incentives under the Stock Plan consisted of grants of restricted stock. No shares issued under the Stock Plan, or any interest therein, are transferrable by a participant, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, unless and until a liquidating distribution is made to the shareholders, except by will or by the laws of descent or distribution, and may not be subject to any voluntary or involuntary pledge, assignment, alienation, attachment, or similar encumbrance or transfer. All shares issued in connection with a grant are subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions set forth in the Company s articles of organization, amended and restated limited liability company agreement, or other governing documents of the Company, as amended. 

Vesting: Vesting of shares issued under the Stock Plan occurs (i) in equal one-third tranches on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date, and (ii) at such time as a liquidating distribution is made to the shareholders of the Company. Unvested Stock Plan shares will be forfeited by a participant if such participant is no longer serving on the Board at or prior to such time that liquidating distributions are paid to the shareholders other than as a result of death, disability or failure to be reelected. 

Amendments: The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the Stock Plan at any time, in its discretion, except that shareholder approval is required for any amendment that increases the number of shares available for grant, accelerates vesting or results in a material increase in benefits or a change in eligibility requirements. 

The shares under the Stock Plan were distributed as follows in lieu of the director portion of the Bonus Plan of 2,702,285: 

Board Member 

Shares of Restricted Stock 

Paul Lamb 

Ronald Macklin 

Nader Salour 

Richard Smith 

Total 

Deferred Compensation Plan On December 6, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved the Gyrodyne, LLC Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Employees and Directors (the DCP effective as of January 1, 2020. The DCP is a nonqualified deferred compensation plan maintained for officers and directors of the Company. Under the DCP, officers and directors may elect to defer a portion of their compensation to the DCP and receive interest on such deferred payments at a fixed rate of . All DCP benefits will be paid in a single lump sum cash payment on December 15, 2026, unless a Plan of Liquidation is established for Gyrodyne before the distribution date in which case all benefits will be paid in a single lump sum cash payment after execution of an amendment to terminate the DCP. Each of the Directors elected (under the DCP) to defer of their director fees for 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024 excluding Jan Loeb who was nominated to the Board on July 28, 2023 and elected to a three-year term at the annual shareholder meeting on October 12, 2023. 

per share, or shares in the aggregate. If a shareholder exercised his or her basic subscription right in full, and other shareholders did not, such shareholder was entitled to an oversubscription privilege to purchase a portion of the unsubscribed shares at the subscription price, subject to proration and certain limitations. The maximum dollar amount the Company sought to raise in the Rights Offering was million in aggregate gross proceeds. 

The Commission declared the registration statement effective on February 2, 2024 and the Company commenced the Rights Offering on February 6, 2024. 

The Rights Offering closed on March 7, 2024 and the Company announced on March 11, 2024 that it received subscriptions for shares, greatly exceeding the maximum shares offered of . Shareholders were allocated of their basic subscriptions. Based on the maximum shares that were issuable in the rights offering, shares were allocated to shareholders who properly exercised their oversubscription privilege, pro rata in proportion to the aggregate number of shares subscribed for under the over-subscription privilege, or approximately of each over-subscriber s requested shares. The rights offering resulted in common shares issued on March 12, 2024 and net proceeds received (after expenses) of approximately (gross proceeds of less direct expenses of the rights offering of approximately ). 

The Company expects to use the net proceeds received from the Rights Offering to complete the pursuit of entitlements on the Company s Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor properties, for litigation fees and expenses in the Article 78 proceeding, for property purchase agreement negotiation and enforcement, for necessary capital improvements in the Company s real estate portfolio, and for general working capital. 

On November 12, 2024, the petitioners filed a notice of motion to renew and reargue, seeking to have the court direct the respondents to undertake a supplemental environmental impact statement to address retaining of storm water at the property being developed in light of a recent storm, and to annul the resolution approving the preliminary site plan. 

Pleadings filed in the Article 78 Proceeding may be accessed through a link (and related instructions) to the New York State Unified Court System which appears on the Company s website at https://www.gyrodyne.com. 

General 

In the normal course of business, the Company is a party to various legal proceedings. After reviewing all actions and proceedings pending against or involving the Company, management considers that any loss resulting from such proceedings individually or in the aggregate will not be material to the Company s financial statements. 

, from as of June 30, 2024 to . The Company estimates the net realizable value of its real estate assets by using income and market valuation techniques. The decrease in net realizable value was primarily driven by the current status of entitlement uses and market conditions. 

The extent of the continuing impact of these public health and macroeconomic risks on the Company's operational and financial performance and ultimately its Net Asset Value, will depend on current and future developments, including the residual effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the extent to which persistently high interest rates continue to have an adverse impact on the real estate industry or have a recessionary effect generally. 

As a result of the foregoing developments, we are unable to determine what the ultimate impact of general economic conditions will be on our timeline for seeking entitlements and selling properties, and ultimately on the amount proceeds and distributions from those sales. 

annual escalator. The signed Consolidated Lease Agreement reflects a below market lease of annually and during the extended period. A summary of the additional rent under the new arrangement is as follows: 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company received rental revenue of from the aforementioned lease. 

The independent members of the Board of the Company approved the leasing transaction described above. 

The Chairman is also a partner of the firm LambZankel, LLP that provided pro bono legal representation to the aforementioned not-for-profit corporation on the lease. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

When we use the terms Gyrodyne, the Company, we, us, and our, we mean Gyrodyne, LLC and all entities owned or controlled by us, including non-consolidated entities. References to common shares in this report refer to Gyrodyne, LLC s common shares representing limited liability company interests. References herein to our Quarterly Report are to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024. 

Cautionary Statements Concerning Forward Looking Statements 

The statements made in this Form 10-Q and in other materials the Company has filed or may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in each case that are not historical facts, contain forward-looking information within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, both as amended, which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, anticipates, expects, projects, estimates, believes, seeks, could, should, or continue, the negative thereof, and other variations or comparable terminology as well as statements regarding the evaluation of liquidation contingencies. These forward-looking statements are based on the current plans and expectations of management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties generally relating to our efforts to enhance the values of our remaining properties and seek the orderly, strategic sale of such properties as soon as reasonably practicable, risks associated with the Article 78 Proceeding against the Company and any other litigation that may develop in connection with our efforts to enhance the value of and sell our properties, ongoing community activism, risks associated with proxy contests and other actions of activist shareholders, continuing risks related to the 2023 banking crisis and closure of two major banks (including one with whom we indirectly had a mortgage loan which the FDIC transferred in December 2023 to a new holder following the banks closure), regulatory enforcement, risks inherent in the real estate markets of Suffolk and Westchester Counties in New York, the potential residual effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, ongoing inflation risk, ongoing interest rate uncertainty, recession uncertainty and supply chain constraints or disruptions and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company s SEC reports. These and other matters the Company discuss in this Report, or in the documents it incorporates by reference into this Report, may cause actual results to differ from those the Company describes. The Company assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

17

New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will affect future results. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results, including the timeline to complete the liquidation, to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. In particular, it is difficult to fully assess the risks of persistent inflation, high interest rates and possible recession at this time. The Company assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

Gyrodyne, LLC (including its subsidiaries, Gyrodyne , the Company or the Registrant is a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of New York whose primary business is the management of a portfolio of medical office and industrial properties and the pursuit of entitlements on such properties located in Suffolk Flowerfield and Westchester Cortlandt Manor Counties, New York. 

Substantially all of our developed properties are subject to leases in which the tenant reimburses the Company for a portion, all of or substantially all of the costs and/or cost increases for utilities, insurance, repairs, maintenance and real estate taxes. Certain leases provide that the Company is responsible for certain operating expenses. 

Gyrodyne s corporate strategy is to enhance the value of Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor by pursuing entitlement opportunities to provide purchasers increased development flexibility, and by enhancing the value of our leases. The Board believes the aforementioned strategy will increase the aggregate value for such properties as a whole. The value of the real estate reported in the consolidated statement of net assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 includes some, but not all of the potential value impact that may result from such value enhancement efforts. There can be no assurance that our value enhancement efforts will result in property value increases that exceed the costs we incur in such efforts, or even any increase at all. 

Our efforts to generate the highest values for Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor may involve in limited circumstances other strategies to manage risk and or enhance the net value of Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor to maximize the returns for our shareholders. Gyrodyne intends to dissolve after we complete the disposition of all of our real property assets, apply the proceeds of such dispositions first to settle any debts and claims, pending or otherwise, against Gyrodyne, and then pay distributions to holders of Gyrodyne common shares. The process of seeking entitlements and the amount and timing of distributions from proceeds of asset sales involve risks and uncertainties. As such, it is impossible at this time to determine with certainty the ultimate amount of proceeds that will actually be distributed to our shareholders or the timing of such payments. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the distributions will equal or exceed the estimate of net assets presented in our consolidated statements of net assets. The actual nature, amount and timing of all distributions will be determined by Gyrodyne s Board in its sole discretion and will depend in part upon the Company s ability to convert our remaining assets into cash in compliance with our obligations under the Stipulation entered into in connection with a class action lawsuit settled in 2015 and satisfy our remaining liabilities and obligations. Under Gyrodyne s Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (the LLC Agreement ), such dissolution may be effected upon an election to dissolve the Company by the Board that is approved by the vote of holders of a majority of Gyrodyne common shares or, in the Board s sole discretion and without any separate approval by the holders of Gyrodyne common shares, at any time the value of Gyrodyne s assets, as determined by the Board in good faith, is less than 1,000,000. 

We remain committed to (1) enhancing the net value of Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor to maximize the returns for our shareholders, (2) completing the disposition of our assets, (3) making timely distributions to our shareholders, (4) managing capital and liquidity, (5) mitigating risks relating to interest rates and real estate cycles and (6) completing the liquidation of the Company. 

The Company s remaining real estate investments, each of which is held in a single asset limited liability company wholly owned by the Company, consist of: 

Cortlandt Manor:13.8 acres in Cortlandt Manor, New York, consisting of the 31,000 square foot Cortlandt Manor Medical Center; and 

Flowerfield: 63 acres in St. James, New York, including a 14-acre multi-tenanted industrial park comprising 135,000 rentable square feet. 

18

Strategic Plan to Enhance Property Values, Liquidate, Distribute Proceeds and Dissolve 

Our corporate strategy is to pursue entitlements on our two remaining properties so that they can be sold to one or more developers with increased development flexibility and thus maximize value and distributions to our shareholders. Gyrodyne intends to dissolve after we complete the disposition of all of our real property assets, apply the proceeds of such dispositions first to settle any debts and claims, pending or otherwise, against Gyrodyne, and then pay liquidating distributions to holders of Gyrodyne common shares. We are unable to predict the precise nature, amount or timing of such distributions. To accomplish our goal of maximizing asset values and distributions to our shareholders, the Company s plan consists of: 

managing the real estate portfolio to improve operating cash flow while simultaneously increasing the market values of the underlying properties; 

managing the strategic sale of real estate assets; 

pursuing the entitlement efforts of the Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor properties, to increase development flexibility; 

focusing use of capital by the Company to preserve or improve the market value of the real estate portfolio; 

ensuring sufficient capital to operate through a position of strength through the duration of the liquidation to negotiate and enforce purchase agreements and defend our property rights in the Article 78 Proceeding and in any other such proceeding that may arise; and 

balancing working capital and funds available for the entitlement process. 

Gyrodyne s dual strategy is to enhance the value of Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor by pursuing entitlement opportunities to provide purchasers with increased development flexibility, and by enhancing the value of our leases. The Company believes the aforementioned dual strategy will increase the aggregate value for such properties as a whole. The value of the real estate reported in the consolidated statement of net assets as of September 30, 2024 includes some but not all of the potential value impact that may result from such value enhancement efforts. There can be no assurance that our value enhancement efforts will result in property value increases that exceed the costs we incur in such efforts, or even any increase at all. Our efforts to generate the highest values for Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor may involve, in limited circumstances, strategies to manage risk and or enhance the net value of Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor to maximize the returns for our shareholders. 

Sales of properties by Gyrodyne could take the form of individual sales of assets, sales of groups of assets, a single sale of all or substantially all of the assets or some other form of sale. The assets may be sold to one or more purchasers in one or more transactions over a period of time. 

A sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company would require shareholder approval under New York law. However, in the event of the sale of individual properties, that do not constitute substantially all of the Company s assets, it is not required or anticipated that any shareholder votes will be solicited. The prices at which the various assets may be sold depend largely on factors beyond our control, including, without limitation, the condition of financial and real estate markets, the availability of financing to prospective purchasers of the assets, regulatory approvals, public market perceptions, and limitations on transferability of certain assets. 

On March 30, 2022, the Town of Smithtown Planning Board (the Planning Board voted four to zero with one abstention to grant Gyrodyne s application for preliminary approval to divide the Flowerfield property into eight lots, subject to certain conditions (the Flowerfield Subdivision Application ). 

On April 26, 2022, the Incorporated Village of Head of the Harbor and certain other parties (collectively, the Petitioners commenced a special proceeding under Article 78 of New York s Civil Practice Law Rules (the Article 78 Proceeding against the Town of Smithtown and certain other parties, including Gyrodyne, seeking to annul the Planning Board s determinations relating to the Flowerfield Subdivision Application. Specifically, the petition commencing the Article 78 Proceeding (the Petition seeks to annul the Planning Board s (i) approval of a findings statement pursuant to the State Environmental Quality Review Act SEQRA ), dated September 16, 2021, and adopted by the Planning Board on March 30, 2022, concerning the Flowerfield Subdivision Application, and (ii) preliminary approval on March 30, 2022 of the Flowerfield Subdivision Application. The arguments made in the Petition are substantially similar to those made by opponents of the Flowerfield Subdivision Application during the SEQRA and subdivision process. Gyrodyne and the Town of Smithtown are vigorously defending the Planning Board s determinations against the Petition. In June 2022, Gyrodyne and the Town of Smithtown filed motions to dismiss The Petition. During the third quarter of 2023, the Article 78 Proceeding was re-assigned to a different judge for the second time. On February 6, 2024, the Supreme Court of the State of New York, Suffolk County issued an order (the Order ), denying the Motions in part and granting them in part. Specifically, the Order (i) denied the Motions as to three individual Petitioners and the St. James-Head of the Harbor Neighborhood Preservation Coalition, Inc., (ii) granted the Motions as to the remaining twenty (20) individual Petitioners and the Village of Head of the Harbor, (iii) denied the branch of Gyrodyne s motion alleging that Petitioners failed to state a claim. On October 11, 2024, the Supreme Court of the State of New York issued a ruling in favor of the Company dismissing the Article 78 petition in its entirety. On October 28, 2024, the Company received a notice of appeal filed by the petitioners in this proceeding seeking to appeal the court s dismissal of the Article 78 petition, citing as grounds for appeal whether the court erred in denying the petition and dismissed the Article 78 proceeding, and any and all other issues which may arise upon further review of the record on appeal . 

19

On November 12, 2024, the petitioners filed a notice of motion to renew and reargue, seeking to have the court direct the respondents to undertake a supplemental environmental impact statement to address retaining of storm water at the property being developed in light of a recent storm, and to annul the resolution approving the preliminary site plan. 

Pleadings filed in the Article 78 Proceeding may be accessed through a link (and related instructions) to the New York State Unified Court System which appears on the Company s website at https://www.gyrodyne.com. 

An Article 78 Proceeding could take up to two years or more to run its course given the likelihood of appeals and other motions. Nevertheless, Gyrodyne remains confident in its defense of the appeal and the motion to renew and reargue. Due to the anticipated time it may take for the appeal and any other motions in the Article 78 Proceeding to be finally resolved. Gyrodyne believes that the process of negotiating purchase agreements, securing final subdivision approval and final unappealable site plan approval and consummating the sale of our properties could extend into 2026, although there can be no assurance that Gyrodyne and the Town of Smithtown will be successful in the defense of the appeal and any other motions or that other factors beyond our control will not necessitate a further extension of the timeline. The developed portion, situated on two separate lots, may be sold together or separately upon the resolution of the Article 78 Proceeding and the filing of the final subdivision map without site plan approval. 

The foregoing extension of the estimated timeline assumes that Flowerfield is not sold until the culmination of the Article 78 Proceeding. Although Gyrodyne believes that selling individual lots will maximize value, it is also pursuing prospective purchasers who may be willing to purchase all of Flowerfield as an undivided parcel for terms that Gyrodyne finds more attractive from a timing and value perspective and which may allow for a sale before 2026. 

On March 20, 2023, the Town of Cortlandt Town Board adopted the SEQRA findings statement and approved local law establishing the Medical Oriented Zoning District (the MOD which includes Gyrodyne s Cortlandt Manor property. Pursuant to the adopted MOD, Gyrodyne received designation for total density of 154,000 square feet to be comprised of 150,000 square feet of medical use and 4,000 square feet of retail use (lot lines and their respective density could change until formal subdivision, if any, occurs). 

Various other factors will continue to impact the timeline to achieve approvals, including the backlog of land use applications, zoning authority labor shortages and environmental concerns. Nevertheless, we will continue to market the properties and, although there can be no assurances, the Company believes subdivision approval will be received in early 2025 for Flowerfield, and could be received for Cortlandt Manor in mid-2025, contingent on the timing for entering contracts (which we anticipate will include closing terms conditioned upon receiving subdivision (if requested) and site plan approval which the Company believes can be pursued simultaneously rather than sequentially). The Company believes that standard market terms for real property transactions in both Cortlandt Manor and the Town of Smithtown would include, as conditions to closing, final subdivision approval, final unappealable site plan approval and the resolution of the Article 78 Proceeding. 

Based on the aforementioned factors, the Company believes the process of negotiating purchase agreements, securing final approvals and consummating the sale of our properties will culminate in 2026. The Company intends to aggressively market its properties and negotiate contracts in an effort to complete the process as soon as practicable with the ultimate timeline being largely dependent on factors outside the Company s control, including without limitation the Article 78 Proceeding and delays in securing final regulatory approvals caused by the ongoing backlog of land use applications, zoning authority labor shortages and environmental concerns. Consequently, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to meet our formal stated deadline of 2026. 

Assuming the process of seeking entitlements and selling assets is completed in 2026 and giving effect to the estimated cash flows from the operation of our existing properties, we expect that Gyrodyne will have a cash balance of approximately 30.52 million, prior to any future special distributions based on the estimate of net assets in liquidation presented in our Consolidated Statements of Net Assets. Such cash would equate to future distributions of 13.88 per share based on Gyrodyne having 2,199,308 common shares outstanding. These estimated distributions are based on values as of September 30, 2024 and include some but not all of the potential value that may be derived from the entitlement efforts. 

The Consolidated Statements of Net Assets are based on certain estimates. Uncertainties as to the precise value of our non-cash assets and the ultimate amount of our liabilities make it impracticable to predict the aggregate net value ultimately distributable to shareholders in a liquidation. Land entitlement costs, claims, liabilities and expenses from operations, including operating costs, salaries, real estate taxes, payroll and local taxes, legal, accounting and consulting fees and miscellaneous office expenses, will continue to be incurred during our process of seeking entitlements and selling assets, which includes certain enhancement efforts. Such expenses, if exceeding our estimates, will reduce the amount of assets available for ultimate distribution to shareholders, and, while a precise estimate of those expenses cannot currently be made, management and our Board believe that available cash and amounts received on the sale of assets will be adequate to provide for our obligations, liabilities, expenses and claims (including contingent liabilities). However, no assurances can be given that available cash and amounts received on the sale of assets will be adequate to provide for our obligations, liabilities, expenses and claims and to make cash distributions to shareholders. If such available cash and amounts received on the sale of assets are not adequate to provide for our obligations, liabilities, expenses and claims, distributions of cash and other assets to our shareholders would be eliminated. In the event our shareholders receive distributions from Gyrodyne and there are insufficient funds to pay any creditors who seek payment of claims against Gyrodyne, shareholders could be held liable for payments made to them and could be required to return all or a part of the distributions made to them. 

Property Value Enhancement 

The Company is pursuing entitlements to increase the development flexibility of its Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor properties. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred approximately 318,000 of land entitlement costs, consisting primarily of engineering costs, legal fees and real estate taxes to support the Company s respective entitlement efforts. We estimate that the Company may incur approximately 1,251,000 in additional land entitlement costs through 2026 in pursuit of entitlements. 

20

The Company is focusing its resources on positioning the properties to be sold with all entitlements to achieve increased development flexibility in the shortest period of time with the least amount of risk to the Company. Because of the vagaries of the real estate market, however, there can be no assurance that our value enhancement efforts will result in property value increases that exceed the costs we incur in such efforts, or even any increase at all. During the process of pursuing such entitlements, the Company may entertain offers from potential buyers who may be willing to pay prices for the properties on an as is basis that the Company finds more attractive from a timing or value perspective than values we believe may be reasonably achievable through completing the entitlement process ourselves. 

On January 5, 2024, Gyrodyne retained JLL Capital Markets to market the Company s Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor properties. 

Cortlandt Manor . On March 15, 2016, the Town of Cortlandt Manor (the Town adopted a 2016 Sustainable Comprehensive Plan (the Plan of which one key strategy was the recommendation of a MOD. The purpose of the proposed MOD is to expand the Town s existing medical infrastructure and encourage economic development, including capital investment, job creation and housing options. The MOD would allow for a continuum of care, i.e., independent living, assisted living and nursing/hospital care, within or in neighboring facilities by centralizing medical services and related activities. As a designated zoning district, the MOD could include hospital, ambulatory surgery, primary and urgent care, hospice, laboratories, social services, boutique hotels, retail and a wide range of housing. 

The Company s existing 31,421 square foot Cortlandt Medical Center, situated on 13.8 acres, is located directly opposite New York Presbyterian s Hudson Valley Hospital Center and within the boundaries of the MOD. The Company has committed resources toward both market research and feasibility studies in support of achieving entitlements to maximize the value of the property. For approximately nine years the Company along with its planner and engineers have been working closely with the Town to help plan the MOD, identify issues and solutions involved in creating the Plan and more specifically, the MOD. 

On March 31, 2017, The Company filed an application with the Town to develop the Cortlandt Manor property, as follows: 

SUBDIVISION LOT # 

BUILDING SIZE/YIELD 

Medical office 

100,000 sf 

Multi-family apartments 

200 units 

Retail 

4,000 sf 

In response to the extensive public comments and Town Board input received during the State Environmental Quality Review (SEQR Draft Generic Environmental Impact Statement DGEIS public hearing process, the Company amended the site plan and subdivision application with the Town to develop the Cortlandt Manor property as follows: 

SUBDIVISION LOT # 

BUILDING SIZE/YIELD 

Medical office Lot #1 

100,000 sf 

Retail (Lot #1) 

			 Medical Office Lot #2 

4,000 sf 

			 84,600 sf 

As a property owner with eligible parcels in this district, Gyrodyne submitted an Environmental Assessment Form to the Town of Cortlandt Planning Department in December 2017 to support its application to receive a MOD campus designation. Once designated, the parcels would be governed by the use, dimensional and other provisions of the MOD zoning regulations and MOD zoning would replace the existing zoning. While the MOD zoning had not been formally adopted, Gyrodyne was proposing a two-phase medical office campus with limited retail and has designed the site to function as part of a future "hamlet center with streetscape improvements. The existing medical office will remain operational until phase 2 is implemented. 

In addition to the primary proposal noted above, an alternate mixed-use plan was submitted as part of the SEQRA process. The alternate mixed-use plan included the following: 

SUBDIVISION LOT # 

BUILDING SIZE/YIELD 

Medical office Lot #1 

83,500 sft 

Retail (Lot #1) 

			 Multi-Family Residential Lot #2 

1,500 sft 

			 160 Units 

The alternate was reviewed for all categories of impacts in the SEQRA documentation similar to the primary proposal, and if approved as anticipated, would have allowed Gyrodyne the option to proceed with either program following MOD designation and subdivision. The alternate was not anticipated to impact the estimated timeline of approvals. 

21

The Town of Cortlandt Planning Department hosted two public community outreach meetings in June and August 2018 where the Company presented its development plan for the Cortlandt Manor property. As anticipated, on August 7, 2018, the Town Board formally issued a positive declaration under the SEQRA, i.e., a declaration that the project may result in one or more significant environmental impacts and will require the preparation of an Environmental Impact Statement EIS ), the scope of which was also adopted. On August 28, 2018, the Town filed the Scope for a DGEIS with input from Gyrodyne for both the MOD zoning and the proposed uses so that upon adoption, minimal further SEQRA review (other than site plan review) should be required to develop the property. On September 17, 2019, the Town of Cortlandt Town Board as Lead Agency under SEQR adopted a resolution accepting the DGEIS as complete for public review. The Town of Cortlandt Town Board hosted two public hearings on the DGEIS on November 19, 2019 and January 14, 2020. The Town of Cortlandt Planning Board extended the public comment period 90 days with the next public hearing scheduled for April 14, 2020. As a result of the New York State s stay-at-home-order issued in March 2020, the April 14, 2020 public hearing was postponed to June 2020. The public hearing was then held on June 16, 2020 on a virtual platform. The Town closed the public comment period on June 30, 2020 and proceeded to review the public comments and prepare the Final GEIS FGEIS ). The FGEIS reflects the Cortlandt Manor property s proposed uses comprising 184,600 square feet of medical office space and 4,000 square feet of retail space (together with an Alternate Mixed-Use Plan). A Town Board work session was conducted March 7, 2022 for the primary purpose of having stakeholders present their current development programs for the benefit of the new Town Board members elected in November 2021. Although not required by SEQRA, the Town Board conducted another public hearing on May 2, 2022 and closed the hearing that evening while leaving the public comment period open for twenty days. The additional public comments were reviewed and required formal written responses by stakeholders including Gyrodyne. The Cortlandt Manor Town Board held a public work session on October 24, 2022. During late 2022, the Company s management team, based on discussions with the Town of Cortlandt, amended its mixed-use campus to reflect the following: 

SUBDIVISION LOT # 

BUILDING SIZE/YIELD 

Medical office Lot #1 

100,000 sft 

Retail (Lot #1) 

			 Medical office (inclusive of the existing operating building) Lot #2 

4,000 sft 

			 50,000 sft 

Lot lines could change until formal subdivision occurs. 

On March 20, 2023, the Town of Cortlandt Town Board adopted the SEQRA Findings Statement and local law establishing the MOD designation for the property reflecting a total density of 154,000 square feet to be comprised of 150,000 square feet of medical use, inclusive of the existing medical office square footage but excluding non-rentable spaces, and 4,000 square feet of ancillary retail (lot lines and their respective density could change until formal subdivision occurs). The Company does not plan on developing the property. The Company believes, contingent on the timing for entering contracts (which we anticipate will include closing terms conditioned upon receiving site plan approval), the subdivision and site plan approval could be received in mid-2025. 

The entitlement costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 associated with the ownership and development of this property were approximately 33,800. 

Flowerfield . Following market research and related feasibility studies, we identified the entitlements that we believed will maximize the value of Flowerfield in the shortest amount of time with the lowest amount of risk. The Company has been in discussions with the Town of Smithtown on the potential real estate development projects identified by the market research and feasibility studies, all of which currently fall within our as of right to build zoning. We are also exploring with the Town of Smithtown whether it would be amenable to certain entitlements, special permits, or other concessions that would allow for the identified development projects. 

In March 2017, the Company filed a pre-subdivision application with the Town of Smithtown (the Pre-application for the Flowerfield property along with the previously sold (2002) catering hall facility for an eight-lot subdivision which the Town of Smithtown initially determined must be processed as a nine-lot subdivision in response to certain comments received from the planning department. The final accepted FEIS (in 2021) included an eight-lot subdivision. In June 2017, the Company filed a subdivision application with the Town of Smithtown based on feedback provided by the Town of Smithtown staff in the pre-application process. Because of the property s location within 500 feet of a municipal boundary and a state road, the Town of Smithtown referred the Company s subdivision application to the Suffolk County Planning Commission as required by the Suffolk County Administrative Code and the New York State General Municipal Law. 

On August 2, 2017, the Suffolk County Planning Commission voted 11-0 to approve Gyrodyne s subdivision application without conditions. Although the approval by the Suffolk County Planning Commission is not binding on the Town of Smithtown, the approval without conditions means that the requisite vote threshold for the application at the Town of Smithtown s Planning Board is a simple majority. 

22

On November 15, 2017, the Town of Smithtown Planning Board conducted a public hearing in which the Company presented its subdivision plan for the Flowerfield property. On April 11, 2018, the Planning Board determined that the subdivision plan may result in one or more significant environmental impacts which will require the preparation of an EIS. As a result, at the April 11, 2018 Planning Board meeting, the Planning Board issued a SEQRA Positive Declaration, which was rescinded and re-issued by Planning Board Resolution dated May 9, 2018 that included a draft scope and a request for public comments on the scope (i.e., a public scoping process). The then current Town Planning Board Chairman communicated that a Positive Declaration would require up to one year to complete the SEQRA process. The Town issued the Final Scope on July 7, 2018. On August 15, 2018, the Company submitted the Draft EIS to the Town of Smithtown Planning Department prior to the public hearing. The Company received comments on its EIS at the end of the third quarter of 2018 and submitted its response to the Town of Smithtown Planning Department on February 15, 2019. On May 24, 2019, the Company received additional comments on its EIS and submitted its responses to the Town on June 4, 2019. On July 3, 2019, the Company received additional comments on its EIS and submitted its response to the Town of Smithtown Planning Department on August 28, 2019. On September 24, 2019, the Company received additional comments on its EIS and submitted its response to the Town of Smithtown Planning Department on October 25, 2019. The Town of Smithtown Planning Board as Lead Agency under SEQRA adopted a resolution accepting the DEIS as complete for public review on December 11, 2019 and announced a public comment period that closed on January 24, 2020. Furthermore, the Town Planning Board held and closed the public hearing for the DEIS on January 8, 2020. Following the closing of the public comment period, the Company received a copy of the public comments in February 2020. The Company reviewed the public comments and responded by submitting a Final EIS FEIS on April 20, 2020. Following the receipt of additional comments on May 29 and June 9, 2020, the Company filed its FEIS on July 24, 2020. Following State DOT comments received July 31, 2020 and Town comments dated August 21, 2020, the Company filed a revised FEIS on September 16, 2020 and received new comments on October 16, 2020. The Company filed a revised FEIS on October 29, 2020. Upon addressing final Town comments received December 4, 2020, the Company filed its Final FEIS on December 9, 2020 reflecting an eight-lot subdivision. The FEIS was accepted by the Town Planning Board on March 10, 2021. Following a public comment period that closed on March 31, 2021, the Town of Smithtown forwarded the public comments and the FEIS to the Suffolk County Planning Commission. On May 5, 2021, the Suffolk County Planning Commission voted 5 to 4 to approve the application as a matter for local determination. Based on the fact that less than a majority of the 18 total members (10 members needed) voted to either approve or deny the application, the application is deemed approved as a matter for local determination. Thus, the Smithtown Planning Board may act and approve the matter with a simple majority vote. On September 20, 2021, the Town of Smithtown Conservation Board voted unanimously to recommend the Town of Smithtown Planning Board issue a SEQRA Negative Declaration, Determination of Non -Significance (an environmental Impact Statement is not necessary based on certain stated reasons and approve the Subdivision Application (eight lots inclusive of the lot for the proposed sewage treatment plant). On March 30, 2022, the Smithtown Planning Board voted four to zero with one abstentation to adopt the Findings Statement by resolution, closing SEQR and held a public hearing for the approval of the Preliminary Subdivision at the same meeting. Approval of the Preliminary Subdivision was granted at that meeting. Technical comments on the Final Subdivision Plans received from the Suffolk County Department of Health Services on April 28, 2023, Suffolk County Department of Public Works, New York State Department of Environmental Conservation on January 31, 2023, and New York State Department of Transportation on July 7, 2023 are being addressed and prepared for resubmission to each agency for their final review and approvals. Final Subdivision approval is expected in early 2025. 

The entitlement costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 associated with the ownership and development of this property consisting of architectural and engineering costs, legal expenses, economic analysis, soil management and surveys were approximately 284,200. 

While we cannot predict the outcome of the subdivision application, we undertook to subdivide the Flowerfield property in a manner that we believed will result in increased development flexibility in the shortest amount of time and limited risk (i.e., included in our subdivision application is the separation of the existing industrial buildings into two separate lots which upon resolution of the Article 78 Proceeding and final subdivision approval will allow us to sell the two lots together or separately, without any site plan approval). There can be no assurance, however, that our value enhancement efforts will result in property value increases that exceed the costs we incur in such efforts, or even any increase at all. The pandemic has negatively impacted demand for office (including medical office) and hotel development on spec . 

Healthcare Industry 

Our tenants in our Cortlandt Manor property are healthcare service providers. Furthermore, the Company s previous expansion of its leasing relationship with Stony Brook University SBU ), SBU Hospital and affiliates of SBU Hospital at our Flowerfield property increased its exposure to the healthcare industry. The healthcare industry is subject to substantial regulation and faces increased regulation particularly relating to fraud, waste and abuse, cost control and healthcare management. The healthcare industry may experience a significant expansion of applicable federal, state or local laws and regulations, previously enacted or future healthcare reform, new interpretations of existing laws and regulations or changes in enforcement priorities, all of which could materially impact the business and operations of our tenants and therefore the marketability of our properties. 

23

Our tenants are subject to extensive federal, state, and local licensure laws, regulations and industry standards governing business operations, the physical plant and structure, patient rights and privacy and security of health information. Our tenants failure to comply with any of these laws could result in loss of licensure, denial of reimbursement, imposition of fines or other penalties, suspension or exclusion from the government sponsored Medicare and Medicaid programs, loss of accreditation or certification, or closure of the facility. In addition, efforts by third-party payors, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs and private insurance carriers, including health maintenance organizations and other health plans, impose greater discounts and more stringent cost controls upon healthcare provider operations (through changes in reimbursement rates and methodologies, discounted fee structures, the assumption by healthcare providers of all or a portion of the financial risk or otherwise). Our tenants may also face significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees, all of which could impact their ability to pay rent or other obligations to us. 

Impact of Pandemic and Macroeconomics 

The following discussion is intended to provide shareholders with certain information regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business and management s efforts to respond to those impacts. Unless otherwise specified, the statistical and other information regarding the Company s properties and tenants are estimates based on information currently available to the Company, may change, potentially significantly, going forward, and may not be indicative of the actual residual impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business, operations, cash flows and financial condition for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and future periods. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and may continue to impact adversely, the timeliness of local government in granting required approvals, as state and local staff charged with processing our subdivision applications all postponed activity due to work-from-home transitions. Accordingly, COVID-19 has caused, and may continue to cause, the completion of important stages in our efforts to secure entitlements to be delayed. The pandemic has also resulted in a significant shift toward commercial acceptance of remote working and telemedicine which may adversely impact our occupancy rate and average rate per square foot. 

Due to increased inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised the benchmark federal funds rate a total of four times in 2023. In response, market interest rates have increased significantly during this time. In September 2024, the Federal Reserve cut its benchmark federal funds rate by 50 basis points to a range of 4.75 - 5.0 , the first cut in interest rates since the Federal Reserve's emergency response to the outbreak of COVID-19 in March 2020. On November 7, 2024, the Federal Reserve cut its benchmark interest rate by an additional 25 basis points. 

The extent of the continuing impact of these public health and macroeconomic risks on the Company's operational and financial performance and ultimately its Net Asset Value, will depend on current and future developments, including the residual effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the extent to which persistently high interest rates continue to have an adverse impact on the real estate industry and a recessionary effect generally. 

As a result of the foregoing developments, we are unable to determine what the ultimate impact will be on our timeline for seeking entitlements and selling properties, and ultimately on the amount of proceeds and distributions from those sales. 

Transaction Summary for the Nine-Months Ended September 30, 2024 

The following summarizes our significant transactions and other activity during the nine-months ended September 30, 2024. 

Rights Offering. The Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on December 29, 2023 with respect to a proposed rights offering (the Rights Offering for the Company to distribute to holders of Gyrodyne s common shares on the record date of January 29, 2024 one non-transferable subscription right for each five shares held. Each whole subscription right gave the shareholders the opportunity to purchase two of the Company s common shares for 8.00 per share, or 625,000 shares in the aggregate. If a shareholder exercised his or her basic subscription right in full, and other shareholders did not, such shareholder was entitled to an oversubscription privilege to purchase a portion of the unsubscribed shares at the subscription price, subject to proration and certain limitations. The maximum dollar amount the Company sought to raise in the Rights Offering was 5 million in aggregate gross proceeds. 

The Commission declared the registration statement effective on February 2, 2024 and the Company commenced the Rights Offering on February 6, 2024. 

The Rights Offering closed on March 7, 2024 and the Company announced on March 11, 2024 that it received subscriptions for 1,031,640 shares, greatly exceeding the maximum shares offered of 625,000. Shareholders were allocated 100 of their basic subscriptions. Based on the maximum 625,000 shares that were issuable in the rights offering, 271,836 shares were allocated to shareholders who properly exercised their oversubscription privilege, pro rata in proportion to the aggregate number of shares subscribed for under the over-subscription privilege, or approximately 40 of each over-subscriber s requested shares. The rights offering resulted in 625,000 common shares issued on March 12, 2024 and net proceeds received (after expenses) of approximately 4,400,000 (gross proceeds of 5,000,000 less direct expenses of the rights offering of approximately 600,000). 

24

The Company expects to use the net proceeds received from the Rights Offering to complete the pursuit of entitlements on the Company s Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor properties, for litigation fees and expenses in the Article 78 proceeding, for property purchase agreement negotiation and enforcement, for necessary capital improvements in the Company s real estate portfolio, and for general working capital. 

Leasing Activity. During the nine-months ended September 30, 2024, the Company executed one new lease and six renewals comprising approximately 8,000 square feet, annual revenue of approximately 130,000 and total commitments of approximately 241,000. There were six terminations comprising approximately 7,900 square feet and approximately 76,500 in annual revenue. 

Loan Payable. On February 1, 2024, an agreement was signed with one vendor who had previously agreed to defer 50 of payment until the closing of the first property lot sale that is the subject of either the Flowerfield or Cortlandt Manor subdivision. The agreement called for a 200,000 payment on outstanding invoices, plus an interest payment on such invoices, interest to be accrued on the outstanding balance, agreement to pay all future invoices in full, and conversion of the remaining outstanding balance of 477,829 (balance after the 200,000 payment) to a loan payable within 15 days of the sale of one of the Company s properties. The loan will accrue interest at 0.75 per month through 2024 and 1.0 per month starting January 2025. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Gyrodyne intends to dissolve after we complete the disposition of all of our real property assets, apply the proceeds of such dispositions first to settle any debts and claims, pending or otherwise, against Gyrodyne, and then pay distributions to holders of Gyrodyne common shares. Therefore, effective September 1, 2015 Gyrodyne adopted the liquidation basis of accounting. This basis of accounting is considered appropriate when, among other things, liquidation of the entity is imminent , as defined in ASC 205-30, Presentation of Financial Statements Liquidation Basis of Accounting. Under the LLC Agreement, the Board may elect, in its sole discretion and without any separate approval by shareholders, to dissolve the Company at any time the value of the Company s assets, as determined by the Board in good faith, is less than 1 million. The LLC Agreement also provides that the Company will dissolve, and its affairs wound up upon the sale, exchange or other disposition of all the real properties of the Company. As a result, liquidation is imminent in accordance with the guidance provided in ASC 205-30. 

Principles of consolidation - The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Gyrodyne and all subsidiaries. All consolidated subsidiaries are wholly owned. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

Basis of Presentation - Liquidation Basis of Accounting Under the liquidation basis of accounting the consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statements of operations, equity, comprehensive income and cash flows are no longer presented. The consolidated statements of net assets and changes in net assets are the principal financial statements presented under the liquidation basis of accounting. 

Under the liquidation basis of accounting, all the Company s assets have been stated at their estimated net realizable value, or liquidation value, (which represents the estimated amount of cash that Gyrodyne will collect on the disposal of assets as it carries out the plan of liquidation), which is based on independent third-party appraisals, estimates and other indications of sales value. All liabilities of the Company, including those estimated costs associated with implementing the plan of liquidation, have been stated at their estimated settlement amounts. These amounts are presented in the accompanying statements of net assets. These estimates are periodically reviewed and adjusted as appropriate. There can be no assurance that these estimated values will be realized. Such amounts should not be taken as an indication of the timing or amount of future distributions or our actual dissolution. The valuation of assets at their net realizable value and liabilities at their anticipated settlement amount represent estimates, based on present facts and circumstances, of the net realizable value of the assets and the costs associated with carrying out the plan of liquidation. The actual values and costs associated with carrying out the plan of liquidation may differ from amounts reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements because of the plan s inherent uncertainty. These differences may be material. In particular, the estimates of our costs will vary with the length of time necessary to complete the plan of liquidation, which is currently anticipated to be completed in 2026. 

The Company s assumptions and estimates (including the sales proceeds of all its real estate holdings, selling costs, retention bonus payments, rental revenues, rental expenses, capital expenditures, land entitlement costs, litigation fees, general and administrative fees, director and officer liability and reimbursement, post liquidation insurance tail coverage policy and final liquidation costs) are based on completing the liquidation in 2026. As previously stated, on an ongoing basis, Gyrodyne evaluates the estimates and assumptions that can have a significant impact on the reported net assets in liquidation and will update relevant information accordingly for any costs and value associated with a change in the duration of the liquidation, as we cannot give any assurance on the timing of the ultimate sale of all the Company s properties. 

Management Estimates In preparing the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP and the liquidation basis of accounting, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, including net assets in liquidation, and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of receipts and expenditures for the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

25

The most significant estimates are the estimates on the net realizable value from the sale of our real estate, the estimated costs/time to pursue entitlements, litigation fees and the related timeline to complete the liquidation. 

Fair Value Measurements The Company believes the concepts for determining net realizable value are consistent with the guidance for measuring fair value. As a result, the Company follows the guidance of FASB Accounting Standards Codification, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures to determine the fair value of financial and non-financial instruments. The guidance defines fair value, establishes a hierarchy framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures related to the fair value. The guidance establishes a hierarchy breaking down observable and unobservable inputs into three levels: Level 1 observable inputs in an active market on or around the measurement date, Level 2 observable inputs that are based on prices not quoted on active markets but corroborated by market data and Level 3 unobservable inputs utilized when no other data is available. 

Estimated Distributions per Share Under the liquidation basis of accounting, the Company reports estimated distributions per share data by dividing net assets by the number of shares outstanding. 

New accounting pronouncements - Management has evaluated the impact of newly issued accounting pronouncements, whether effective or not as of September 30, 2024, and has concluded that they will not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements since the Company reports on a liquidation basis. 

Discussion of the Statements of Net Assets 

Net assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 would result in estimated liquidating distributions of 30,520,272 and 30,721,034, respectively, or approximately 13.88 and 19.51 per common share, respectively, based on 2,199,308 and 1,574,308 shares outstanding, respectively (see Rights Offering under Transaction Summary above). The decrease of 200,762 in estimated liquidating distributions is mainly attributable to the decrease in real estate value of 3,480,000 and the costs associated with the timeline extension of one year 1,692,000) offset by the cash received in the rights offering (net proceeds of 4,418,380) that closed on March 7, 2024 and other savings (approximately 530,000 inclusive of approximately 350,000 in savings directly attributable to the decreased real estate value). Approximately 3.39 per share of the reduction in net assets per share was driven by the issuance (stemming from the Rights Offering) of 625,000 shares at 8 per share (reflecting a discount of 8.12 per share to the proforma net assets in liquidation as of December 31, 2023). 

The cash balance at the end of the liquidation period (currently estimated to be in 2026, although the estimated completion of the liquidation period may change), excluding any interim distributions, is estimated based on the September 30, 2024 cash balance of 6.7 million plus adjustments for the following items which are estimated through 2026: 

1. 

The estimated cash receipts from the operation of the properties net of rental property related expenditures as well as costs expected to be incurred to preserve or improve the net realizable value of the property at their estimated gross sales proceeds. 

2. 

Net proceeds from the sale of all the Company s real estate holdings. 

3. 

The general and administrative expenses and or liabilities associated with operations and the liquidation of the Company including severance, director and officer liability coverage including post liquidation tail policy coverage, and financial and legal fees (inclusive of the Article 78 Proceeding) to complete the liquidation. 

4. 

Costs for the pursuit of the entitlement of the Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor properties. 

5. 

Retention bonus amounts. 

6. 

Principal payments on the Company s credit facilities. 

The Company estimates the net realizable value of its real estate assets by using income and market valuation techniques. The Company may estimate net realizable values using market information such as broker opinions of value, appraisals, and recent sales data for similar assets or discounted cash flow models, which primarily rely on Level 3 inputs, as defined under FASB ASC Topic No. 820, Fair Value Measurement. The cash flow models include estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period. These cash flows may include contractual rental revenues, projected future rental revenues and expenses and forecasted capital improvements and lease commissions based upon market conditions determined through discussion with local real estate professionals and relevant Company experience with its current and previously owned properties. Capitalization rates and discount rates utilized in these models are estimated by management based upon rates that management believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates for the respective properties based upon an analysis of factors such as property and tenant quality, geographical location, local supply and demand observations and no sewage treatment plants. To the extent the Company underestimates or overestimates forecasted cash outflows (capital improvements, excluding any costs for sewage treatment plants, lease commissions and operating costs) or overestimates or underestimates forecasted cash inflows (rental revenue rates) or other unfavorable or favorable variances of the aforementioned assumptions, the estimated net realizable value of its real estate assets could be overstated or understated. 

26

The Company estimates that it will incur approximately 1,251,000 in land entitlement costs (included in the consolidated statement of net assets as part of the estimated liquidation and operating costs net of receipts) from October 2024 through the end of the liquidation period, currently estimated to conclude in 2026, in an effort to obtain entitlements, including special permits. The Company believes the commitment of these resources will enable the Company to position the properties for sale with all entitlements necessary to maximize the aggregate Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor property values and resulting distributions. During the nine-months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred approximately 318,000 of land entitlement costs, consisting predominately of engineering fees, legal fees and real estate taxes. The Company believes the remaining balance of 1,251,000 (inclusive of real estate taxes of 307,000 and regulatory fees of 395,000) will be incurred from October 2024 through the end of the liquidation period. The Company does not intend to develop the properties but rather to commit resources to position the properties for sale in a timely manner with all entitlements necessary to achieve increased development flexibility. The costs and time frame to achieve the entitlements could change due to a range of factors including a shift in the value of certain entitlements making it more profitable to pursue a different mix of entitlements and the dynamics of the real estate market. As a result, the Company has focused and will continue to focus its land entitlement efforts on achieving the highest and best use while considering the time and direct and indirect costs necessary to achieve such entitlements. During the process of pursuing such entitlements, the Company may entertain offers from potential buyers who may be willing to pay premiums for the properties that the Company finds more acceptable from a timing or value perspective than completing the entitlement processes itself. The value of the real estate reported in the statement of net assets as of September 30, 2024 includes some but not all of the potential value impact that may result from the land entitlement efforts. There can be no assurance that our value enhancement efforts will result in property value increases that exceed the costs we incur in such efforts, or even any increase at all. 

The net assets as of September 30, 2024 30,520,272) and December 31, 2023 30,721,034) results in estimated distributions of approximately 13.88 and 19.51 per common share, respectively, based on 2,199,308 and 1,574,308 shares outstanding, respectively (see Rights Offering under Transaction Summary above), based on estimates and other indications of sales value. This estimate of distributions includes projections of costs and expenses to be incurred during the period required to complete the plan of liquidation. There is inherent uncertainty with these projections, and they could change materially based on the timing of the sales, change in values of the Cortlandt Manor and/or Flowerfield properties (whether market driven or resulting from the land entitlement efforts) net of any bonuses, favorable or unfavorable changes in the land entitlement costs, the performance of the underlying assets, the market for commercial real estate properties generally and any changes in the underlying assumptions of the projected cash flows. 

The following table summarizes the estimates to arrive at the Net Assets in Liquidation as of September 30, 2024 (dollars are in millions). 

September 30, 2024 cash and cash equivalents balance 

6.70 

Principal payments on loan 

(11.24 

Free cash flow from rental operations 

1.95 

(i) 

General and administrative expenses 

(5.00 

(ii) 

Land entitlement costs in pursuit of the highest and best use 

(1.25 

Gross real estate proceeds 

50.30 

Selling costs on real estate 

(3.02 

Retention bonus plan for officers and employees 

(1.97 

Final liquidation and dissolution costs 

(1.44 

(iii) 

Other 

(4.51 

(iv) 

Net Assets 

30.52 

(i) 

The Company estimates the cash proceeds from rental operations net commissions and rental costs, inclusive of expenditures to preserve or improve the properties at its current estimated market value will total 1.95. 

(ii) 

The general and administrative expenses, excluding final liquidation costs, is estimated to be 5.00). 

(iii) 

The costs represent all anticipated costs to liquidate the Company including D O tail, severance and professional fees. 

(iv) 

The Company estimates interest income will be offset by interest expense and the settlement of its working capital accounts resulting in a balance of 4.51). 

27

Discussion of Changes in Net Assets 

Gyrodyne s strategy is to enhance the value of Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor, by pursuing various entitlement opportunities, which the Gyrodyne Board believes will improve the potential of obtaining better aggregate values for such properties as a whole. The pursuit of the highest and best use of Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor may involve other strategies to manage risk and or enhance the net value of Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor to maximize the returns for our shareholders. Gyrodyne intends to dissolve after we complete the disposition of all of our real property assets, apply the proceeds of such dispositions first to settle any debts and claims, pending or otherwise, against Gyrodyne, and then pays distributions to holders of Gyrodyne common shares. Therefore, the Company includes in its financial statements the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024 of which is discussed below: 

Shares 

			 Outstanding 

Net assets in liquidation on January 1, 2024 

30,721,034 

1,574,308 

Changes in net assets in liquidation from January 1 through September 30, 2024: 

Change in liquidation value of real estate 

- 

- 

Issuance of common shares, net 

4,418,380 

625,000 

Change in real estate value 

(3,480,000 

Remeasurement of assets and liabilities in liquidation 

(1,139,142 

- 

Total decrease in net assets in liquidation 

(200,762 

625,000 

Net assets in liquidation on September 30, 2024 

30,520,272 

2,199,308 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash Flows : 

As we pursue our plan to sell our properties strategically, including certain enhancement efforts, we believe that a main focus of management is to effectively manage our net assets through cash flow management of our tenant leases, maintaining or improving occupancy, and enhance the value of the Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor properties via the pursuit of the associated change in entitlements. 

As the Company executes on the liquidation plan, it will review its capital needs and make prudent distribution decisions regarding any excess cash. Upon completion of these activities, Gyrodyne will distribute the remaining cash to its shareholders and then proceed to complete the dissolution of the Company, delist its shares from Nasdaq or other exchange platform and terminate its registration and reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended (the Exchange Act ). Gyrodyne is required to make adequate provisions to satisfy its known and unknown liabilities which could substantially delay or limit its ability to make future distributions to shareholders. The process of accounting for liabilities, including those that are currently unknown or whose amounts are uncertain may involve difficult valuation decisions which could adversely impact the amount or timing of any future distributions. 

We generally finance our operations through cash on hand. On March 7, 2024, the Company closed a rights offering resulting in approximately 4.4 million of net proceeds to the Company, thereby fortifying our cash position to ensure we are operating through a position of strength through the duration of the liquidation to negotiate and enforce purchase agreements and defend our property rights in the Article 78 proceeding and in any other such proceeding that may arise . Furthermore, certain of the Company s major vendors have informally agreed to defer payment on 50 of their fees until the first subdivided lot is sold. Additionally, on December 6, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved the Gyrodyne, LLC Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Employees and Directors (the DCP effective as of January 1, 2020. The plan is a nonqualified deferred compensation plan maintained for officers and directors of the Company. Under the DCP, officers and directors may elect to defer a portion of their compensation to the DCP and receive interest on such deferred payments at a fixed rate of 5 (per annum). All DCP benefits will be paid in a single lump sum cash payment on December 15, 2026, unless a Plan of Liquidation is established for Gyrodyne before the distribution date in which case all benefits will be paid in a single lump sum cash payment after execution of an amendment to terminate the DCP See Deferred Compensation Plan above) . 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash and cash equivalents totaling approximately 6.7 million. The Company anticipates that its current cash and cash equivalent balance will be adequate to fund its process of seeking entitlements and selling assets and subsequent dissolution. The 6.7 million of cash will be partially used to fund our efforts to generate the highest values for the Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor properties while simultaneously pursuing the strategic sale of these properties. The pursuit of the highest values for Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor may involve other investments and or other strategies to manage risk and or enhance the net value of Flowerfield and Cortlandt Manor to maximize the returns for our shareholders. The Company is estimating and reporting in the consolidated statements of net assets total gross cash proceeds from the sale of its assets of approximately 50.3 million. Based on the Company s current cash balance and the above forecast (including the estimated liquidation and operating costs net of estimated receipts), the Company estimates distributable cash stemming from the liquidation of the Company of approximately 30.52 million. 

The Company s primary sources of funds are as follows: 

current cash and cash equivalents; 

rents and tenant reimbursements received on our remaining real estate operating assets; 

sale of assets. 

28

Excluding gross proceeds from the sale of assets, the Company s gross rents and tenant reimbursements net of rental expenses is less than the combined total annual general and administrative costs, capital expenditures and land entitlement costs creating a net use of cash on an annual basis through the liquidation process. The Company believes the cash and cash equivalents plus the proceeds from the sale of assets will exceed the costs to complete the liquidation of the Company. In addition, the Company has and will continue to review operating activities for possible cost reductions and additional capital/credit needs throughout the liquidation process. 

Major elements of the Company s cashflows for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: 

Operating cashflows 

2,322,728 in rent and reimbursements. 

1,395,878) in operating costs. 

926,850 in net operating income 

Non-operating cashflows 

4,418,380 of net proceeds from the issuance of common shares. 

1,584,950) in corporate expenditures. 

327,463) in interest expense net of interest income. 

397,149 in working capital. 

215,193) in principal payments on loans. 

90,084) of capital expenditures on the real estate portfolio excluding those costs incurred for land entitlement. 

318,032) of land entitlement costs. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

The Company places its temporary cash investments with high credit quality financial institutions. Certain financial instruments could potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, such as cash equivalents and longer-term investments. The Company maintains bank account balances, which exceed FDIC insurance limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes that it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash. Management does not believe significant credit risk exists on September 30, 2024. 

The Company believes there have been no significant changes in market risk from that disclosed in the Company s Report on Form 10-K for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2024. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO )/ Chief Financial Officer CFO ), has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report (the Evaluation Date ). Based on such evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at a reasonable assurance level, as of the Evaluation Date, to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management in a manner that allows timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s procedures and internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. In making this assessment, the Company used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework of 2013 (the 2013 COSO Framework ). Based on that evaluation, the Company s management concluded that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of September 30, 2024. 

29

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified with our evaluation that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

Putative Class Action Lawsuit 

On August 14, 2015, the Company entered a Stipulation of Settlement (the "Settlement") providing for the settlement of a putative class action lawsuit against the Company and certain related parties. Under the Settlement, Gyrodyne agreed that any sales of its properties would be effected only in arm's-length transactions at prices at or above their appraised values as of 2014. 

As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate appraised value of our remaining unsold properties exceeded the respective 2014 aggregate appraised value for such properties. See, Risk Factors Stipulation of Settlement prohibits us from selling our remaining properties at prices below the December 2014 appraised values in the Company s annual report. 

Article 78 Proceeding 

On April 26, 2022, the Incorporated Village of Head of the Harbor and certain other parties commenced a special proceeding (the Article 78 Proceeding against the Town of Smithtown and certain other parties, including the Company, seeking to annul the Planning Board s determinations relating to the Flowerfield Subdivision Application. The Article 78 Proceeding was commenced by the filing of a petition (the Petition in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, Suffolk County, pursuant to Article 78 of New York s Civil Practice Law and Rules Article 78 ). Specifically, the Petition seeks to annul the Planning Board s (i) approval of a findings statement, pursuant to the SEQRA, dated September 16, 2021, and adopted by the Planning Board on March 30, 2022, concerning the Flowerfield Subdivision Application, and (ii) preliminary approval on March 30, 2022, of the Flowerfield Subdivision Application. The arguments made in the Petition are substantially similar to those made by opponents of the Flowerfield Subdivision Application during the SEQRA and subdivision process. The Company and the Town of Smithtown are vigorously defending the Planning Board s determinations against the Petition. In June 2022, Gyrodyne and the Town of Smithtown filed motions to dismiss the Petition. During the third quarter of 2023, the Article 78 Proceeding was re-assigned to a different judge for the second time. On February 6, 2024, the Supreme Court of the State of New York, Suffolk County issued an order (the Order ), denying the Motions in part and granting them in part. Specifically, the Order (i) denied the Motions as to three individual Petitioners and the St. James-Head of the Harbor Neighborhood Preservation Coalition, Inc., (ii) granted the Motions as to the remaining twenty (20) individual Petitioners and the Village of Head of the Harbor, (iii) denied the branch of Gyrodyne s motion alleging that Petitioners failed to state a claim. On October 11, 2024, the Supreme Court of the State of New York issued a ruling in favor of the Company dismissing the Article 78 petition in its entirety. On October 28, 2024, the Company received a notice of appeal filed by the petitioners in this proceeding seeking to appeal the court s dismissal of the Article 78 petition, citing as grounds for appeal whether the court erred in denying the petition and dismissed the Article 78 proceeding, and any and all other issues which may arise upon further review of the record on appeal . 

On November 12, 2024, the petitioners filed a notice of motion to renew and reargue, seeking to have the court direct the respondents to undertake a supplemental environmental impact statement to address retaining of storm water at the property being developed in light of a recent storm, and to annul the resolution approving the preliminary site plan. 

Pleadings filed in the Article 78 Proceeding may be accessed through a link (and related instructions) to the New York State Unified Court System which appears on the Company s website at https://www.gyrodyne.com. 

General 

In addition to the foregoing, in the normal course of business, Gyrodyne is a party to various legal proceedings. After reviewing all actions and proceedings pending against or involving Gyrodyne, management considers that any loss resulting from such proceedings individually or in the aggregate will not be material to Gyrodyne s financial condition or results of operations. 

Items 2 through 5 are not applicable to the Company in the nine-months ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

3.1 
			 Articles of Organization of Gyrodyne, LLC, dated as of October 3, 2013 (1) 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Gyrodyne, LLC (2) 

10.1 

Amended and Restated Retention Bonus Plan (3) 

10.2 

Amendment No. 2 to the Retention Bonus Plan (4) 

10.3 

Amendment No. 3 to the Retention Bonus Plan (5) 

30

10.4 

Amendment No. 4 to the Retention Bonus Plan (6) 

10.5 

Cooperation Agreement, dated July 26, 2023, among the Company, Leap Tide Capital Management LLC and Jan Loeb (7) 

10.6 

Amendment No. 5 to the Retention Bonus Plan (8) 

10.7 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (9) 

10.8 

Restricted Stock Plan (8) 

10.9 

Short Form Order of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, Suffolk County, dated February 6, 2024 (10) 

10.10 
			 Short Form Order of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, Suffolk County, dated October 11, 2024 (11) 

10.11 
			 Notice of Appeal (11) 

31.1 
			 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (11) 

32.1 
			 CEO and CFO Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (12) 

101.INS Inline XBRL Instance (11) 

101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (11) 

101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation (11) 

101.DE Inline FXBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition (11) 

101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels (11) 

101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation (11) 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

(1) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2013. 

(2) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A12B filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2015. 

(3) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 26, 2016. 

(4) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 31, 2018. 

(5) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2018. 

(6) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2022. 

(7) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1, 2023. 

(8) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 11, 2023. 

31

(9) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 13, 2019. 

(10) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2024. 

(11) 

Filed as part of this Report. 

(12) 

Furnished herewith in accordance with Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K. This Exhibit is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such certification will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act, expect to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GYRODYNE, LLC 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Gary Fitlin 

By Gary Fitlin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

			 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

3.1 
			 Articles of Organization of Gyrodyne, LLC, dated as of October 3, 2013 (1) 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Gyrodyne, LLC (2) 

10.1 

Amended and Restated Retention Bonus Plan (3) 

10.2 

Amendment No. 2 to the Retention Bonus Plan (4) 

10.3 

Amendment No. 3 to the Retention Bonus Plan (5) 

10.4 

Amendment No. 4 to the Retention Bonus Plan (6) 

10.5 

Cooperation Agreement, dated July 26, 2023, among the Company, Leap Tide Capital Management LLC and Jan Loeb (7) 

10.6 

Amendment No. 5 to the Retention Bonus Plan (8) 

10.7 

Restricted Stock Plan (9) 

10.8 

Restricted Stock Plan (8) 

10.9 

Short Form Order of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, Suffolk County, dated February 6, 2024 (10) 

10.10 
			 Short Form Order of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, Suffolk County, dated October 11, 2024 (11) 

10.11 
			 Notice of Appeal (11) 

31.1 
			 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (11) 

32.1 
			 CEO and CFO Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (12) 

101.INS Inline XBRL Instance (11) 

101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (11) 

32

101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation (11) 

101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition (11) 

101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels (11) 

101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation (11) 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

(1) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2013. 

(2) 

Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A12B filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2015. 

(3) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 26, 2016. 

(4) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 31, 2018. 

(5) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2018. 

(6) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2022. 

(7) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1, 2023. 

(8) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 11, 2023. 

(9) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 13, 2019. 

(10) 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2024. 

(11) 

Filed as part of this Report. 

(12) 

Furnished herewith in accordance with Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K. This Exhibit is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such certification will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act, expect to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

33

<EX-10.10>
 2
 ex_747225.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.10

Image Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.10 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 3
 ex_747226.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.11

Image Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.11 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_744966.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_744966.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 

I, Gary Fitlin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Gyrodyne, LLC; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Gary Fitlin 

By Gary Fitlin, 

President and Chief Executive Officer, 

			 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex_744967.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_744967.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CFO CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of Gyrodyne, LLC (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Gary Fitlin, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and consolidated results of operations of the Company for the periods presented. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Gary Fitlin 

By Gary Fitlin, 

President and Chief Executive Officer, 

			 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gyro-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 gyro-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 gyro-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 gyro-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 gyro-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

