<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_831259_0000831259-24-000039.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14080231</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>214752</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2953258</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6812254</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1885507</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1829693</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000831259-24-000039.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108160434
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000831259-24-000039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000831259
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				742480931
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11307-01
		FILM NUMBER:		241440440

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 NORTH CENTRAL AVENUE
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6023668100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 NORTH CENTRAL AVENUE
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FREEPORT MCMORAN COPPER & GOLD INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FREEPORT MCMORAN COPPER COMPANY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19910114

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000831259-24-000039.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 fcx-20240930.htm
 10-Q

fcx-20240930 

United States 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark one) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 On October 31, 2024, there were issued and outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.10 per share. 

Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I. Financial Information 
 3 
 Item 1. Financial Statements: 
 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 9 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 25 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 67 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 67 
 Part II. Other Information 
 67 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 67 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 68 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 68 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 68 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 68 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 69 
 Signature 
 S- 1 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements . 

Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In Millions) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable Value added and other tax receivables Inventories: Product Materials and supplies, net Mill and leach stockpiles Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, equipment and mine development costs, net Long-term mill and leach stockpiles Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued income taxes Current portion of debt Current portion of environmental and asset retirement obligations Dividends payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion Environmental and asset retirement obligations, less current portion Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Total liabilities Equity: Stockholders equity: Common stock Capital in excess of par value Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Common stock held in treasury ) ) Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In Millions, Except Per Share Amounts) Revenues Cost of sales: Production and delivery Depreciation, depletion and amortization Total cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Exploration and research expenses Environmental obligations and shutdown costs 
 Total costs and expenses Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Net gain on early extinguishment of debt Other income, net Income before income taxes and equity in affiliated companies net earnings Provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Equity in affiliated companies net earnings Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic 
 Diluted 
 Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding: Basic 
 Diluted 
 Dividends declared per share of common stock 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In Millions) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of taxes: Defined benefit plans: Amortization of unrecognized amounts included in net periodic benefit costs Foreign exchange gains (losses) ) Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income Total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In Millions) Cash flow from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, depletion and amortization Net charges for environmental and asset retirement obligations, including accretion Payments for environmental and asset retirement obligations ) ) Stock-based compensation Net charges for defined pension and postretirement plans Pension plan contributions ) ) Net gain on early extinguishment of debt ) Deferred income taxes Change in deferred profit on PT Freeport Indonesia s sales to PT Smelting ) Charges for social investment programs at PT Freeport Indonesia Payments for social investment programs at PT Freeport Indonesia ) ) Other, net Changes in working capital and other: 
 Accounts receivable Inventories ) ) Other current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Accrued income taxes and timing of other tax payments ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flow from investing activities: Capital expenditures: North America copper mines ) ) South America operations ) ) Indonesia mining ) ) Indonesia downstream processing facilities ) ) Molybdenum mines ) ) Other ) ) Acquisition of additional ownership interest in Cerro Verde ) Loans to PT Smelting for expansion ) ) Proceeds from sales of assets and other, net ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flow from financing activities: Proceeds from debt Repayments of debt ) ) Cash dividends and distributions paid: Common stock ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) Treasury stock purchases ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Proceeds from exercised stock options Payments for withholding of employee taxes related to stock-based awards ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (Unaudited) 
 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30 
 Stockholders Equity Common Stock Accum-ulated Deficit Accumu- lated Other Compre- hensive Loss Common Stock Held in Treasury Total Stock-holders Equity Number of Shares At Par Value Capital in Excess of Par Value Number of Shares At Cost Non- controlling Interests Total Equity (In Millions) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Exercised and issued stock-based awards Stock-based compensation, including the tender of shares Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Acquisition of additional ownership interest in Cerro Verde ) ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) ) Change in consolidated subsidiary ownership interests ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Other comprehensive income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 Stockholders Equity Common Stock Accum-ulated Deficit Accumu- lated Other Compre- hensive Loss Common Stock Held in Treasury Total Stock-holders Equity Number of Shares At Par Value Capital in Excess of Par Value Number of Shares At Cost Non- controlling Interests Total Equity (In Millions) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Exercised and issued stock-based awards Stock-based compensation, including the tender of shares ) Dividends ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 

7 

Table of Contents 

 Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (Unaudited) (continued) 
 NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30 
 Stockholders Equity Common Stock Accum-ulated Deficit Accumu- lated Other Compre- hensive Loss Common Stock Held in Treasury Total Stock-holders Equity Number of Shares At Par Value Capital in Excess of Par Value Number of Shares At Cost Non- controlling Interests Total Equity (In Millions) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Exercised and issued stock-based awards Stock-based compensation, including the tender of shares ) ) Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Acquisition of additional ownership interest in Cerro Verde ) ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) ) Change in consolidated subsidiary ownership interests ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Other comprehensive income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 Stockholders Equity Common Stock Accum-ulated Deficit Accumu- lated Other Compre- hensive Loss Common Stock Held in Treasury Total Stock-holders Equity Number of Shares At Par Value Capital in Excess of Par Value Number of Shares At Cost Non- controlling Interests Total Equity (In Millions) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Exercised and issued stock-based awards Stock-based compensation, including the tender of shares ) ) Dividends ) ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Other comprehensive income Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1. 
 
 million shares of Cerro Verde common stock for a total cost of million, increasing FCX s ownership interest in Cerro Verde to from . As a result of the transaction, the carrying value of Cerro Verde s noncontrolling interest was reduced by million, with million recorded to capital in excess to par value, including a million deferred tax impact. 
 
 PT Smelting. In December 2023, PT Smelting completed an expansion of its facilities. The project was funded by PT Freeport Indonesia (PT-FI) with borrowings totaling million that converted to equity effective June 30, 2024, increasing PT-FI s ownership in PT Smelting to from . 
 
 As discussed in Note 3 of FCX s 2023 Form 10-K, FCX has determined that PT Smelting, which is owned by PT-FI and Mitsubishi Materials Corporation, is a variable interest entity. Since mutual consent of both PT Smelting shareholders is required to make the decisions that most significantly impact the economic performance of PT Smelting, PT-FI is not the primary beneficiary. Accordingly, PT-FI is continuing to account for its investment in PT Smelting under the equity method. 
 
 Attribution of PT Freeport Indonesia s Net Income or Loss. As discussed in Note 3 of FCX s 2023 Form 10-K, beginning January 1, 2023, the attribution of PT-FI s net income or loss is based on equity ownership percentages for FCX, for PT Mineral Industri Indonesia (MIND ID) and for PT Indonesia Papua Metal Dan Mineral) with certain exceptions, as contemplated by the economics replacement agreement in the PT-FI shareholders agreement. 
 
 As further discussed in Note 3, in first-quarter 2024, PT-FI recorded net credits of million associated with the closure of its 2021 corporate income tax audit and resolution of the framework for Indonesia disputed tax matters. PT-FI s net income and cash dividends associated with the settlement of this historical tax matter that originated before December 31, 2022, were attributed approximately to FCX. 
 
 As discussed in Note 3 of FCX s 2023 Form 10-K, because PT-FI did not achieve the Gold Target during the Initial Period (as defined in the PT-FI shareholders agreement), PT-FI s net income and cash dividends associated with the sale of approximately ounces of gold during 2023 were attributed approximately to FCX. 
 
 Subsequent Events. FCX evaluated events after September 30, 2024, and through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued and determined any events and transactions occurring during this period that would require recognition or disclosure are appropriately addressed in these consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 2. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Undistributed dividends and earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Basic weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding 
 Add shares issuable upon exercise or vesting of dilutive stock options and restricted stock units Diluted weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding 
 Net income per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic Diluted 
 
 shares of common stock associated with outstanding stock options excluded in any of the periods shown above. 

NOTE 3. 

International ) ) Total ) ) 

FCX s consolidated effective income tax rate is a function of the various rates in the jurisdictions where it operates and was for the first nine months of 2024, and for the first nine months of 2023. The 2024 effective income tax rate reflects net benefits of (i) million related to closure of PT-FI s 2021 corporate income tax audit and resolution of the framework for Indonesia disputed tax matters (see below for further discussion) and (ii) million associated with the closure of FCX s 2017 and 2018 U.S. federal income tax exams. The 2023 effective income tax rate reflects the impact of pre-tax, nondeductible charges totaling million for the first nine months of 2023 associated with contested tax rulings issued by the Peruvian Supreme Court. 
 
 FCX expects its U.S. jurisdiction to generate net losses for the year 2024 that will not result in a realized tax benefit; accordingly, applicable accounting rules require FCX to adjust its estimated annual effective tax rate to exclude the impact of U.S. net losses. 
 
 PT-FI Historical Tax Matters. In conjunction with closure of PT-FI s 2021 corporate income tax audit and resolution of the framework for Indonesia disputed tax matters in first-quarter 2024, PT-FI recorded net credits of million, including million to provision for income taxes, million to production and delivery and million to interest expense, net. In addition, FCX recognized a charge of million to provision for income taxes related to withholding taxes and a credit of million in other income, net associated with the reduction in the related accrual to indemnify MIND ID from potential losses arising from historical tax disputes. 
 
 Resolution of the framework for Indonesia disputed tax matters also resulted in a decrease of unrecognized tax benefits of million and a decrease of million in related interest and penalties, as well as a decrease in contingencies related to Indonesia tax matters of million, including a million decrease associated with penalties and interest. Refer to Notes 11 and 12 of FCX s 2023 Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million and related interest and penalties by million (refer to Note 11 of FCX s 2023 Form 10-K for a summary of unrecognized tax benefits and related interest and penalties). 
 
 U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The provisions of the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Act) became applicable to FCX on January 1, 2023. The Act includes, among other provisions, a new Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax (CAMT) of on the adjusted financial statement income (AFSI) of corporations with average annual AFSI exceeding billion over a three-year period. 
 
 In September 2024, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) issued proposed regulations that provide guidance on the application of CAMT, which is not final and subject to change. Based on the proposed guidance released by the IRS, FCX has determined that the provisions of the Act would not impact its financial results for the first nine months of 2024 or for the year 2023. 
 
 Pillar Two of the Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules. In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) published a framework for Pillar Two of the Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules, which was designed to coordinate participating jurisdictions in updating the international tax system to ensure that large multinational companies pay a minimum level of income tax. Recommendations from the OECD regarding a global minimum income tax and other changes are being considered and/or implemented in jurisdictions where FCX operates. At current metals market prices, FCX does not expect enactment of the recommended framework in jurisdictions where it operates to materially impact its financial results. 

NOTE 4. 
 
 Senior notes and debentures: Issued by FCX Issued by PT-FI Issued by Freeport Minerals Corporation Other Total debt Less current portion of debt ) ) Long-term debt 
 
 Revolving Credit Facilities. FCX and PT-FI have a billion, unsecured revolving credit facility that matures in October 2027. Under the terms of the revolving credit facility, FCX may obtain loans and issue letters of credit in an aggregate amount of up to billion, with letters of credit issuance limited to billion and PT-FI s capacity limited to million. At September 30, 2024, there were borrowings and million in letters of credit issued under FCX s revolving credit facility. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, PT-FI had million in borrowings outstanding under its billion unsecured revolving credit facility that matures in November 2028, and Cerro Verde had borrowings outstanding under its million unsecured revolving credit facility that matures in May 2027. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, FCX, PT-FI and Cerro Verde were in compliance with their respective credit facility s covenants. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 million in third-quarter 2024, million in third-quarter 2023, million for the first nine months of 2024 and million for the first nine months of 2023. Consolidated interest costs (before capitalization) include a credit of million in the 2024 periods associated with the closure of FCX s 2017 and 2018 U.S. federal income tax exams and a credit of million in the 2023 periods for the settlement of interest on Cerro Verde s historical profit sharing liability. Additionally, the first nine months of 2023 included million of interest charges associated with contested tax rulings issued by the Peruvian Supreme Court. 
 
 Capitalized interest added to property, plant, equipment and mine development costs, net, totaled million in third-quarter 2024, million in third-quarter 2023, million for the first nine months of 2024 and million for the first nine months of 2023. The increase in capitalized interest costs in the 2024 periods compared to the 2023 periods, primarily resulted from increased construction and development costs for projects in progress, primarily at PT-FI s new smelter and precious metals refinery (PMR) (collectively PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities). 
 
 Share Repurchase Program and Dividends. In July 2024, FCX acquired million shares of its common stock for a total cost of million average cost per share) bringing total purchases under its billion share repurchase program to million shares of common stock for a cost of billion average cost per share). The timing and amount of share repurchases are at the discretion of management and will depend on a variety of factors. The share repurchase program may be modified, increased, suspended or terminated at any time at FCX s Board of Directors (Board) discretion. 
 
 per share on its common stock (including a per share quarterly base cash dividend and a per share quarterly variable, performance-based cash dividend), which were paid on November 1, 2024, to common stockholders of record as of October 15, 2024. The declaration and payment of dividends (base or variable) are at the discretion of FCX s Board, and will depend on FCX s financial results, cash requirements, global economic conditions and other factors deemed relevant by FCX s Board. 

NOTE 5. 
 
 million pounds at an average contract price of per pound, with maturities through September 2026. 

12 

Table of Contents 

) Hedged item firm sales commitments ) ) ) Realized (losses) gains: Matured derivative financial instruments ) ) 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments. 
 Embedded Derivatives. Certain FCX sales contracts provide for provisional pricing primarily based on the London Metal Exchange (LME) copper price or the COMEX copper price and the London Bullion Market Association (London) gold price at the time of shipment as specified in the contract. FCX receives market prices based on prices in the specified future month, which results in price fluctuations recorded in revenues until the date of settlement. 
 
 FCX records revenues and invoices customers at the time of shipment based on then-current LME or COMEX copper prices and the London gold price as specified in the contracts, which results in an embedded derivative i.e. , a pricing mechanism that is finalized after the time of delivery) that is required to be bifurcated from the host contract. The host contract is the sale of the metals contained in the concentrate, cathode or anode slimes at the then-current LME copper, COMEX copper or London gold prices. FCX applies the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception in accordance with derivatives and hedge accounting guidance to the host contract in its concentrate, cathode and anode slime sales agreements since these contracts do not allow for net settlement and always result in physical delivery. The embedded derivative does not qualify for hedge accounting and is adjusted to fair value through earnings each period, using the period-end LME or COMEX copper forward prices and the adjusted London gold price, until the date of final pricing. Similarly, FCX purchases copper under contracts that provide for provisional pricing. Mark-to-market price fluctuations from these embedded derivatives are recorded through the settlement date and are reflected in revenues for sales contracts and in inventory for purchase contracts. 
 
 February 2025 Gold (thousands of ounces) December 2024 Embedded derivatives in provisional purchase contracts: Copper (millions of pounds) December 2024 
 
 Copper Forward Contracts. Atlantic Copper, FCX s wholly owned smelting and refining unit in Spain, enters into copper forward contracts designed to hedge its copper price risk whenever its physical purchases and sales pricing periods do not match. These economic hedge transactions are intended to hedge against changes in copper prices, with the mark-to-market hedging gains or losses recorded in production and delivery costs. At September 30, 2024, Atlantic Copper held net copper forward sales contracts for million pounds at an average contract price of per pound, with maturities through December 2024. 

13 

Table of Contents 

) Gold and other metals ) Copper forward contracts b 
 ) ) ) ) 
 a. Amounts recorded in revenues. 
 b. Amounts recorded in cost of sales as production and delivery costs. 
 
 Unsettled Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments : 
 Embedded derivatives in provisional sales/purchase contracts Total derivative assets Commodity Derivative Liabilities: Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments : 
 Embedded derivatives in provisional sales/purchase contracts Copper forward contracts Total derivative liabilities 
 FCX s commodity contracts have netting arrangements with counterparties with which the right of offset exists, and it is FCX s policy to generally offset balances by contract on its balance sheet. FCX s embedded derivatives on provisional sales/purchase contracts are netted with the corresponding outstanding receivable/payable balances. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 Copper derivatives Less gross amounts of offset: Commodity contracts: Embedded derivatives in provisional sales/purchase contracts Net amounts presented in balance sheet: Commodity contracts: Embedded derivatives in provisional sales/purchase contracts Copper derivatives Balance sheet classification: Trade accounts receivable Other current assets Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 Credit Risk. FCX is exposed to credit loss when financial institutions with which it has entered into derivative transactions (commodity, foreign exchange and interest rate swaps) are unable to pay. To minimize the risk of such losses, FCX uses counterparties that meet certain credit requirements and periodically reviews the creditworthiness of these counterparties. As of September 30, 2024, the maximum amount of credit exposure associated with derivative transactions was million. 
 
 Other Financial Instruments. Other financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, investment securities, legally restricted trust assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued income taxes, dividends payable and debt. The carrying value for these financial instruments classified as current assets or liabilities approximates fair value because of their short-term nature and generally negligible credit losses (refer to Note 6 for the fair values of investment securities, legally restricted funds and debt). 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents. 
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents, current b 
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents, long-term - included in other assets Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 a. Includes (i) time deposits of billion at September 30, 2024, and billion at December 31, 2023, and (ii) cash designated for PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities totaling billion at December 31, 2023. 
 billion at September 30, 2024, and billion at December 31, 2023, associated with of PT-FI s export proceeds required to be temporarily deposited in Indonesia banks for 90 days in accordance with a regulation issued by the Indonesia government and (ii) billion at each of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, in assurance bonds to support PT-FI s commitment for its new downstream processing facilities. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 6. 

Equity securities Total Legally restricted funds: a 
 U.S. core fixed income fund Government mortgage-backed securities Corporate bonds Government bonds and notes Money market funds Asset-backed securities Collateralized mortgage-backed securities Total Derivatives: c 
 Embedded derivatives in provisional sales/purchase contracts in a gross asset position Copper futures and swap contracts Total Contingent consideration for the sale of the Deepwater GOM oil and gas properties a,d 
 Liabilities Derivatives: c 
 Embedded derivatives in provisional sales/purchase contracts in a gross liability position Copper forward contracts Total Long-term debt, including current portion e 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Equity securities Total Legally restricted funds: a 
 U.S. core fixed income fund Government mortgage-backed securities Government bonds and notes Corporate bonds Money market funds Asset-backed securities Collateralized mortgage-backed securities Total Derivatives: c 
 Embedded derivatives in provisional sales/purchase contracts in a gross asset position Copper futures and swap contracts Total Contingent consideration for the sale of the Deepwater GOM oil and gas properties a,d 
 Liabilities Derivatives: c 
 Embedded derivatives in provisional sales/purchase contracts in a gross liability position Copper forward contracts Total Long-term debt, including current portion e 
 
 a. Current portion included in other current assets and long-term portion included in other assets. 
 b. Excludes amounts included in restricted cash and cash equivalents and other assets (which approximated fair value), primarily amounts associated with (i) PT-FI s export proceeds billion at September 30, 2024, and billion at December 31, 2023), (ii) assurance bonds to support PT-FI s commitment for new downstream processing facilities billion at each of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023) and (iii) PT-FI s mine closure and reclamation guarantees billion at each of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023). 
 c. Refer to Note 5 for further discussion and balance sheet classifications. 
 d. FCX has an overriding royalty interest payable associated with the contingent consideration for the sale of Deepwater GOM oil and gas properties which totaled million at September 30, 2024, and million at December 31, 2023. 
 e. Recorded at cost except for debt assumed in acquisitions, which are recorded at fair value at the respective acquisition dates. 
 
 Valuation Techniques. The U.S. core fixed income fund is valued at NAV. The fund strategy seeks total return consisting of income and capital appreciation primarily by investing in a broad range of investment-grade debt securities, including U.S. government obligations, corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and money market instruments. There are no restrictions on redemptions (which are usually within one business day of notice). 
 
 Equity securities are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded and, as such, are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Fixed income securities (government securities, corporate bonds, asset-backed securities and collateralized mortgage-backed securities) are valued using a bid-evaluation price or a mid-evaluation price. These evaluations are based on quoted prices, if available, or models that use observable inputs and, as such, are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million in contingent consideration (to be received over time) that was recorded at the total amount under the loss recovery approach. The fair value of this contingent consideration was calculated based on a discounted cash flow model using inputs that include third-party estimates for reserves, production rates and production timing, and discount rates. Because significant inputs are not observable in the market, the contingent consideration is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. In third-quarter 2024, FCX determined that only million of the remaining balance was collectible and recorded a net impairment of million (consisting of a million impairment to the contingent consideration receivable and an offsetting reduction of million to the related overriding royalty interest payable). 
 
 Long-term debt, including current portion, is primarily valued using available market quotes and, as such, is classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The techniques described above may produce a fair value that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while FCX believes its valuation techniques are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different techniques or assumptions to determine fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. There have been no changes in the techniques used at September 30, 2024, as compared with those techniques used at December 31, 2023. 

NOTE 7. 
 
 million for the first nine months of 2024, primarily associated with changes in cost estimates for former processing facilities and historical smelter sites. 
 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 Refer to Note 12 of FCX s 2023 Form 10-K for further discussion of FCX s asset retirement obligations (AROs). 
 
 Mining Operations. FCX recorded net ARO additions at mining operations totaling million for the first nine months of 2024, primarily associated with revised closure plans and cost estimates to reflect FCX s commitment to the Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management (Tailings Standard). FCX may record additional ARO adjustments as it continues to update estimates to conform with the Tailings Standard. 
 
 Oil and Gas Properties. Freeport-McMoRan Oil Gas (FM O G) recorded net ARO additions totaling million for the first nine months of 2024, of which million was associated with assumed oil and gas abandonment obligations resulting from bankruptcies of other companies that was charged to production and delivery costs. FM O G, as a predecessor-in-interest in oil and natural gas leases, is in the chain of title with unrelated third parties either directly or by virtue of divestiture of certain oil and natural gas assets previously owned and assigned by its subsidiaries. Certain counterparties in these divestiture transactions or third parties in existing leases have filed for 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 cases out of a total of cases filed in Louisiana state courts by south Louisiana parishes (Cameron, Jefferson, Plaquemines, St. Bernard, St. John the Baptist and Vermilion), alleging that certain oil and gas exploration and production operations and sulfur mining and production operations in coastal Louisiana contaminated and damaged coastal wetlands and caused significant land loss along the Louisiana coast. The settlement agreement to resolve these cases was fully executed in fourth-quarter 2022 but there was a delay in finalizing it as a result of a lawsuit challenging the settlement brought in first-quarter 2023 by a non-plaintiff coastal parish included in the settlement (Terrebonne Parish) titled Terrebonne Parish Consolidated Government v. Louisiana Department of Natural Resources et al. , Docket No. 185576, 32nd Judicial District Court, Terrebonne Parish, State of Louisiana. During first-quarter 2024, Terrebonne Parish agreed to dismiss its lawsuit and FCX made the million settlement payment in trust (which was accrued for in 2019) in accordance with the terms of the settlement agreement. 
 
 Indonesia Regulatory Matters 
 Refer to Notes 12, 13 and 14 of FCX s 2023 Form 10-K for further discussion of Indonesia regulatory matters. 
 
 Export Licenses. On July 2, 2024, PT-FI was granted copper concentrate and anode slimes export licenses, which are valid through December 2024. Pursuant to the Indonesia regulations, PT-FI is continuing to pay a export duty on copper concentrates. See below for further discussion of the recent fire event at PT-FI's new smelter facility. 
 
 Special Mining Business License (IUPK). Pursuant to regulations issued during 2024, PT-FI is eligible to apply for an extension of its mining rights beyond 2041, provided certain conditions are met, including ownership of integrated downstream facilities that have entered the operational stage; domestic ownership of at least and agreement with a state-owned enterprise for an additional ownership; and commitments for additional exploration and increases in refining capacity, each as approved by the Ministry of Energy and Minerals. Application for extension may be submitted at any time up to one year prior to the expiration of its current IUPK. PT-FI is currently preparing its application submittal. In connection with PT-FI s application for extension, FCX is working to reach terms with MIND ID on a purchase and sale agreement for the transfer in 2041 of an additional interest in PT-FI. 
 
 PT-FI s New Downstream Processing Facilities Fire Incident 
 On October 14, 2024, a fire occurred during commissioning of PT-FI s new smelter in Gresik, Indonesia, following an equipment malfunction in the smelter furnace. The fire resulted in damage to a gas cleaning facility (electrostatic precipitator plant) and infrastructure for the production of sulfuric acid. There were no injuries. Smelter start-up operations have been temporarily suspended pending remediation activities. Mining operations in Central Papua and the completion and ramp-up of the PMR project have not been impacted. 
 
 PT-FI has substantially completed initial damage assessments and currently estimates repair costs to approximate million, which are expected to be offset through recovery under construction insurance programs. 
 
 Remediation plans are in progress, including the procurement of long-lead items. Based on current delivery timelines, which continue to be evaluated, PT-FI currently expects to recommence start-up operations by mid-2025. Efforts are under way to expedite equipment orders to potentially improve the schedule. 
 
 PT-FI is working with the Indonesia government to allow continued exports of copper concentrates until full ramp-up is achieved, including seeking an increase to the permitted quota for 2024. 
 
 Tax Matters 
 Cerro Verde Royalty Dispute. As disclosed in Note 12 of FCX s 2023 Form 10-K, in 2020, FCX filed on its own behalf and on behalf of Cerro Verde, international arbitration proceedings against the Peruvian government under the United States-Peru Trade Promotion Agreement relating to the assessment of mining royalties on ore processed 
 19 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 8. 
 
 primary divisions North America copper mines, South America operations, Indonesia operations and Molybdenum mines, and operating segments that meet certain thresholds are reportable segments. Separately disclosed in the following tables are FCX s reportable segments, which include the Morenci and Cerro Verde copper mines, the Indonesia operations (including the Grasberg minerals district and PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities), the Rod Refining operations and Atlantic Copper Smelting Refining. 
 
 For comparative purposes, the 2023 tables have been adjusted to conform with the current year presentation, primarily for the combination of the Grasberg minerals district and PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities. PT FI s new downstream processing facilities will exclusively receive concentrate from the Grasberg minerals district, which reflects PT-FI s integrated and dependent operations within Indonesia i.e. , Indonesia operations). The PMR will receive anode slimes from the smelter and from PT Smelting. FCX's Chief Executive Officer, identified as its chief operating decision maker under business segment accounting guidance, makes executive management decisions, including resource allocation and mine planning, for the Indonesia operations as a single business segment. 
 
 Intersegment sales between FCX s business segments are based on terms similar to arms-length transactions with third parties at the time of the sale. Intersegment sales may not be reflective of the actual prices ultimately realized because of a variety of factors, including additional processing, the timing of sales to unaffiliated customers and transportation premiums. 
 
 FCX defers recognizing profits on intercompany sales to Atlantic Copper until final sales to third parties occur. Quarterly variations in ore grades, the timing of intercompany shipments and changes in product prices result in variability in FCX s net deferred profits and quarterly earnings. 
 
 FCX allocates certain operating costs, expenses and capital expenditures to its operating divisions and individual segments. However, not all costs and expenses applicable to an operation are allocated. U.S. federal and state income taxes are recorded and managed at the corporate level (included in Corporate, Other Eliminations), whereas foreign income taxes are recorded and managed at the applicable country level. In addition, some selling, general and administrative costs are not allocated to the operating divisions or individual segments. Accordingly, the following segment information reflects management determinations that may not be indicative of what the actual financial performance of each operating division or segment would be if it was an independent entity. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 Concentrate Rod and other refined copper products Purchased copper a 
 Gold Molybdenum Silver and other Adjustments to revenues: Royalty expense b 
 ) ) ) ) Treatment charges ) ) ) ) PT-FI export duties c 
 ) ) ) ) d 
 Revenues from contracts with customers Embedded derivatives e 
 ) Total consolidated revenues 
 a. FCX purchases copper cathode primarily for processing by its Rod Refining operations. 
 b. Reflects royalties on sales from PT-FI and Cerro Verde that will vary with the volume of metal sold and prices. 
 c. Export duties of were eliminated effective March 29, 2023, upon verification that construction progress of the new smelter exceeded and were reinstated at a rate of in July 2023 under a revised regulation. As discussed in Note 7, PT-FI is continuing to pay export duties of on copper concentrates. 
 d. Includes credits totaling million associated with adjustments to prior-period export duties. 
 e. Refer to Note 5 for discussion of embedded derivatives related to FCX s provisionally priced copper concentrate and cathode sales contracts. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 a 
 Intersegment ) Production and delivery b 
 
 ) Depreciation, depletion and amortization (DD A) Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Exploration and research expenses ) Environmental obligations and shutdown costs 
 Operating income (loss) ) ) ) Interest expense, net c 
 Other (expense) income, net ) ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Equity in affiliated companies net earnings Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests d 
 e 
 ) Total assets at September 30, 2024 Capital expenditures Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenues: Unaffiliated customers 
 a 
 Intersegment 
 ) Production and delivery 
 ) DD A Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Exploration and research expenses Environmental obligations and shutdown costs 
 Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net ) f 
 ) Net gain on early extinguishment of debt Other (expense) income, net ) ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Equity in affiliated companies net (losses) earnings ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests d 
 e 
 Total assets at September 30, 2023 Capital expenditures 

22 

Table of Contents 

 a 
 Intersegment ) Production and delivery b 
 ) DD A Selling, general and administrative expenses Exploration and research expenses Environmental obligations and shutdown costs Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense, net c 
 Other (expense) income, net ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes g 
 ) Equity in affiliated companies net earnings Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests d 
 e 
 Capital expenditures Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenues: Unaffiliated customers a 
 Intersegment 
 ) Production and delivery h 
 ) DD A Selling, general and administrative expenses Exploration and research expenses Environmental obligations and shutdown costs Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net f 
 Net gain on early extinguishment of debt Other (expense) income, net ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Equity in affiliated companies net earnings Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests d 
 e 
 ) Capital expenditures 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Information by Business Segment (continued) 
 a. 
 million in third-quarter 2024 and million for the first nine months of 2024 associated with Cerro Verde s new collective labor agreements with its two unions. 
 c. The third quarter and first nine months of 2024 include an million credit associated with the closure of FCX s 2017 and 2018 U.S. federal income tax exams. 
 d. Beginning in September 2024, FCX's interest in Cerro Verde is , and prior to September 2024 was . 
 e. Refer to Note 1 for further discussion of the attribution of PT-FI s net income or loss. 
 f. The third quarter and first nine months of 2023 include a million credit for the settlement of interest on Cerro Verde s historical profit sharing liability. The first nine months of 2023 also includes million of interest charges associated with contested tax rulings issued by the Peruvian Supreme Court. 
 g. Includes a net benefit to income taxes totaling million associated with the closure of PT-FI s 2021 corporate income tax audit and resolution of the framework for Indonesia disputed tax matters. 
 h. Includes a million charge for a potential administrative fine. Refer to Note 12 of FCX s 2023 Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 
 
 Results of Review of Interim Financial Statements 
 We have reviewed the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (the Company) as of September 30, 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, and equity for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated interim financial statements ). Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the consolidated interim financial statements for them to be in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (not presented herein); and in our report dated February 15, 2024, we expressed an unqualified audit opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived. 
 
 Basis for Review Results 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our review in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. A review of interim financial statements consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Phoenix, Arizona 
 November 8, 2024 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

In Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A), we, us and our refer to Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (FCX) and its consolidated subsidiaries. You should read this discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, the related MD A and the discussion of our Business and Properties in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (2023 Form 10-K), filed with the United States (U.S.) Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The results of operations reported and summarized below include forward-looking statements that are not guarantees of future performance and are not necessarily indicative of future operating results (refer to Cautionary Statement for further discussion). References to Notes are Notes included in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). Throughout MD A, all references to income or losses per share are on a diluted basis. Any references to our website are for information only and the contents of our website or information connected thereto are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Form 10-Q. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 We are a leading international metals company with the objective of being foremost in copper. Headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, we operate large, long-lived, geographically diverse assets with significant proven and probable mineral reserves of copper, gold and molybdenum. We are one of the world s largest publicly traded copper producers. Our portfolio of assets includes the Grasberg minerals district in Indonesia, one of the world s largest copper and gold deposits; and significant operations in North America and South America, including the large-scale Morenci minerals district in Arizona and the Cerro Verde operation in Peru. 
 
 We remain focused on execution of our operating plans, while continuing to prioritize productivity and cost control, and advancing initiatives for long-term organic growth. We continue to make progress on our leach innovation initiatives, with incremental copper production from these initiatives totaling 164 million pounds for the first nine months of 2024, compared with 97 million pounds for the first nine months of 2023. We believe positive market fundamentals justify a favorable long-term outlook for copper, supported by copper s increasingly important role in the global economy and limited available supplies to meet growing demand. 
 
 In September 2024, we purchased 5.3 million shares of Cerro Verde common stock for 210 million, increasing our ownership interest in Cerro Verde to 55.08 from 53.56 . 
 
 On October 14, 2024, a fire occurred during commissioning of PT Freeport Indonesia s (PT-FI) new smelter in Gresik, Indonesia, following an equipment malfunction in the smelter furnace. The fire resulted in damage to a gas cleaning facility (electrostatic precipitator plant) and infrastructure for the production of sulfuric acid. There were no injuries. While mining operations in Central Papua and the completion and ramp-up of the precious metals refinery (PMR) project have not been impacted, smelter start-up operations have been temporarily suspended pending remediation activities. PT-FI is working with the Indonesia government to allow continued exports of copper concentrates until full ramp-up of the new smelter and PMR (collectively, PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities) is achieved, including seeking an increase to the permitted quota for 2024. Refer to Operations Indonesia for additional discussion of the incident. 
 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders totaled 526 million in third-quarter 2024 and 1.6 billion for the first nine months of 2024, compared with 454 million in third-quarter 2023 and 1.5 billion for the first nine months of 2023. The increases in the 2024 periods, compared to the 2023 periods, primarily reflect higher average realized copper and gold prices, higher gold sales volumes, and lower environmental obligations and shutdown costs, partly offset by higher operating costs, income tax expense and income attributable to noncontrolling interests. Additionally, the first nine months of 2023 included interest expense recognized for Cerro Verde s settlement of interest on a historical profit sharing liability and contested tax rulings issued by the Peruvian Supreme Court (refer to Note 4). Refer to Consolidated Results for further discussion. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had consolidated debt of 9.7 billion and consolidated cash and cash equivalents of 5.0 billion, 6.0 billion including 1.0 billion of current restricted cash associated with a portion of PT-FI's export proceeds required to be temporarily deposited in Indonesia banks. Net debt totaled 0.5 billion, excluding 3.2 billion of debt for PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities. Refer to Net Debt for reconciliations of consolidated debt, consolidated cash and cash equivalents and current restricted cash associated with PT-FI's export proceeds to net debt. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 At September 30, 2024, we had 3.0 billion of availability under our revolving credit facility, and PT-FI and Cerro Verde had 1.5 billion and 350 million, respectively, of availability under their revolving credit facilities. 
 Refer to Note 4 and Capital Resources and Liquidity for further discussion of our debt balances and transactions. 

OUTLOOK 
 
 As further discussed in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. of our 2023 Form 10-K, our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold and, to a lesser extent, molybdenum, as well as other factors. World market prices for these commodities have fluctuated historically and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control. Refer to Markets below for further discussion. Because we cannot control the prices of our products, the key measures that management focuses on in operating our business are sales volumes, unit net cash costs, operating cash flows and capital expenditures. 
 
 Consolidated Sales Volumes 
 Following are our projected consolidated sales volumes for the year 2024: 
 Copper (millions of recoverable pounds): 
 North America copper mines 1,240 South America operations 1,170 Indonesia operations 1,645 
 Total 4,055 
 Gold (millions of recoverable ounces) 
 1.8 
 Molybdenum (millions of recoverable pounds) 
 80 a 
 
 a. Includes 50 million pounds produced by our North America copper mines and South America operations and 30 million pounds produced by our Molybdenum mines. 
 
 Consolidated sales volumes in fourth-quarter 2024 are expected to approximate 980 million pounds of copper, 340 thousand ounces of gold and 20 million pounds of molybdenum. Consolidated copper and gold production volumes for the year 2024 are expected to exceed 2024 sales volumes, reflecting the deferral of approximately 85 million pounds of copper and 85 thousand ounces of gold associated with inventories held at PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities that will be sold as refined metal in 2025. 
 
 Projected sales volumes are dependent on operational performance; continuation of copper concentrate exports during the restoration period of PT-FI s new smelter; weather-related conditions; timing of shipments and other factors detailed in the Cautionary Statement below. For other important factors that could cause results to differ materially from projections, refer to Risk Factors contained in Part I, Item 1A. of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Consolidated Unit Net Cash Costs 
 Consolidated unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our copper mines are expected to average 1.58 per pound of copper for the year 2024 (including 1.72 per pound of copper in fourth-quarter 2024), based on achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates, and assuming average prices of 2,600 per ounce of gold and 20.00 per pound of molybdenum in fourth-quarter 2024. Quarterly unit net cash costs vary with fluctuations in sales volumes, including the ratio of copper and gold sales within a period, and realized prices, primarily for gold and molybdenum. The impact of price changes during fourth-quarter 2024 on consolidated unit net cash costs for the year 2024 would approximate 0.01 per pound of copper for each 100 per ounce change in the average price of gold and 0.01 per pound of copper for each 2 per pound change in the average price of molybdenum. 
 
 Consolidated Operating Cash Flows 
 Our consolidated operating cash flows vary with sales volumes; prices realized from copper, gold and molybdenum sales; production costs; income taxes; other working capital changes; and other factors. Our consolidated operating cash flows are estimated to approximate 6.8 billion for the year 2024, net of 0.4 billion of working capital and other uses, based on current sales volume and cost estimates, and assuming average prices of 4.25 per pound of copper, 2,600 per ounce of gold and 20.00 per pound of molybdenum in fourth-quarter 2024. Estimated consolidated operating cash flows for the year 2024 also reflect an estimated income tax provision of 2.7 billion (refer to Consolidated Results Income Taxes for further discussion of our projected income tax rate for the year 2024). The impact of price changes in fourth-quarter 2024 on consolidated operating cash flows would approximate 90 million for each 0.10 per pound change in the average price of copper, 30 million for each 100 per ounce 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 change in the average price of gold and 15 million for each 2 per pound change in the average price of molybdenum. 
 
 Consolidated Capital Expenditures 
 Following is a summary of expected capital expenditures for the year 2024 (in billions): 
 Major mining projects 2.2 a 
 PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities 1.0 b 
 Other 1.4 Total 4.6 
 a. Primarily includes underground mine development, supporting mill and power capital costs and initial spending on a new gas-fired combined cycle facility in the Grasberg minerals district, and expansion projects in North America. 
 b. Excludes capitalized interest and 0.3 billion of estimated commissioning and owner s costs. Capital expenditures for PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities are expected to be funded with PT-FI s cash flows from operations and availability under PT-FI s revolving credit facility. 
 
 We closely monitor market conditions and will adjust our operating plans, including capital expenditures, to protect our liquidity and preserve our asset values, as necessary. 

MARKETS 
 
 Prices for copper, gold and molybdenum are affected by numerous factors beyond our control and can fluctuate significantly (for further discussion refer to Risk Factors contained in Part I, Item 1A. of our 2023 Form 10-K). The following graphs present the London Metal Exchange (LME) copper settlement price, the London Bullion Market Association (London) PM gold price, and the Platts Metals Daily Molybdenum Dealer Oxide weekly average price since January 2014. 

This graph presents LME copper settlement prices and the combined reported stocks of copper at the LME, Commodity Exchange Inc., and the Shanghai Futures Exchange from January 2014 through September 2024. During third-quarter 2024, LME copper settlement prices ranged from a low of 3.91 per pound to a high of 4.47 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 per pound, averaged 4.18 per pound and settled at 4.43 per pound on September 30, 2024. Strong copper prices during third-quarter 2024 primarily resulted from investor sentiment and ongoing demand in China. The LME copper settlement price was 4.28 per pound on October 31, 2024. 
 
 We believe fundamentals for copper are favorable with limited available supplies and growing demand supported by copper s critical role in the global transition to renewable power, electric vehicles and other carbon-reduction initiatives, continued urbanization in developing countries and growing connectivity globally. 

This graph presents London PM gold prices from January 2014 through September 2024. During third-quarter 2024, London PM gold prices ranged from a low of 2,329 per ounce to a record high of 2,664 per ounce, averaged 2,474 per ounce and closed at 2,630 per ounce on September 30, 2024. Economic uncertainty, geopolitical tensions and strong demand from central banks around the world during third-quarter 2024 continued to push gold prices to another quarterly record high. The London PM gold price was 2,734 per ounce on October 31, 2024. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

This graph presents the Platts Metals Daily Molybdenum Dealer Oxide weekly average price from January 2014 through September 2024. During third-quarter 2024, the weekly average price of molybdenum ranged from a low of 20.83 per pound to a high of 23.06 per pound, averaged 21.77 per pound and was 21.59 per pound on September 30, 2024. Overall global demand for molybdenum is driven by energy, power generation, aerospace, defense and construction sectors. We believe fundamentals for molybdenum are positive with favorable demand drivers and limited supply. The Platts Metals Daily Molybdenum Dealer Oxide weekly average price was 21.89 per pound on October 31, 2024. 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) Revenues a,b 
 6,790 5,824 19,735 16,950 Operating income a,c 
 1,938 1,492 
 5,621 4,503 Net income attributable to common stock b,c 
 526 d 
 454 e 
 1,615 d 
 1,460 e 
 Diluted net income per share of common stock 0.36 0.31 1.11 1.01 Diluted weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding 1,444 1,443 1,445 1,443 Operating cash flows f 
 1,872 1,236 5,724 3,959 Capital expenditures 
 1,199 1,178 3,569 3,462 At September 30: Cash and cash equivalents 
 5,000 5,745 5,000 5,745 Restricted cash and cash equivalents, current g 
 1,117 697 1,117 697 Total debt, including current portion 
 9,679 9,405 9,679 9,405 
 a. Refer to Note 8 for a summary of revenues and operating income by operating division. 
 b. Includes (unfavorable) favorable adjustments to prior period provisionally priced concentrate and cathode copper sales totaling (32) million (13) million to net income attributable to common stock) in third-quarter 2024, 4 million 2 million to 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 net income attributable to common stock) in third-quarter 2023, 28 million 9 million to net income attributable to common stock) for the first nine months of 2024 and 183 million 62 million to net income attributable to common stock) for the first nine months of 2023. Refer to Note 5 for further discussion. 
 c. We defer recognizing profits on intercompany sales until final sales to third parties occur. Changes in these deferrals attributable to variability in intercompany volumes resulted in net (reductions) additions to operating income totaling (42) million (13) million to net income attributable to common stock) in third-quarter 2024, 81 million 37 million to net income attributable to common stock) in third-quarter 2023, 79 million 23 million to net income attributable to common stock) for the first nine months of 2024 and 153 million 64 million to net income attributable to common stock) for the first nine months of 2023. Refer to Operations Smelting and Refining. 
 d. Includes net charges totaling 30 million in third-quarter 2024 and 81 million for the first nine months of 2024, primarily associated with impairments for legacy oil and gas matters and nonrecurring labor-related charges at Cerro Verde, partly offset by a reduction in accruals for uncertain U.S. tax positions. The first nine months of 2024 also include charges associated with assumed oil and gas abandonment obligations resulting from bankruptcies of other companies, revisions to environmental obligation estimates and related litigation reserves, and inventory adjustments/write-offs, partly offset by international tax credits. 
 e. Includes net charges totaling 117 million in third-quarter 2023 and 368 million for the first nine months of 2023, primarily associated with revisions to environmental obligation estimates and related litigation reserves, and impairments for legacy oil and gas operations. Net charges for the first nine months of 2023 also included charges for contested tax rulings issued by the Peruvian Supreme Court and an accrual for a potential administrative fine in Indonesia. 
 f. Working capital and other uses totaled 5 million in third-quarter 2024, 482 million in third-quarter 2023, 29 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 684 million for the first nine months of 2023. 
 g. Includes 1.0 billion at September 30, 2024, and 0.5 billion at September 30, 2023, associated with a portion of PT-FI s export proceeds required to be temporarily deposited in Indonesia banks for 90 days in accordance with Indonesia regulations. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 SUMMARY OPERATING DATA Copper (millions of recoverable pounds) 
 Production 1,051 1,085 3,173 3,117 Sales, excluding purchases 1,035 1,109 3,074 2,970 Average realized price per pound 4.30 3.80 
 4.26 3.87 Site production and delivery costs per pound a 
 2.61 2.27 2.49 2.40 Unit net cash costs per pound a 
 1.39 b 
 1.73 1.53 b 
 1.65 Gold (thousands of recoverable ounces) 
 Production 456 532 1,448 1,420 Sales, excluding purchases 
 558 399 1,487 1,164 Average realized price per ounce 2,568 1,898 2,362 1,932 Molybdenum (millions of recoverable pounds) 
 Production 20 20 58 62 Sales, excluding purchases 
 19 20 60 59 Average realized price per pound 22.88 23.71 21.63 26.05 
 a. Reflects per pound weighted-average production and delivery costs and unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for all copper mines, before net noncash and other costs. For reconciliations of per pound unit net cash costs (credits) by operating division to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements, refer to Product Revenues and Production Costs. 
 b. Includes 0.03 per pound of copper for both the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 for nonrecurring labor-related charges at Cerro Verde associated with new collective labor agreements. Refer to Operations South America for further discussion. 
 
 Revenues 
 Consolidated revenues totaled 6.8 billion in third-quarter 2024, 5.8 billion in third-quarter 2023, 19.7 billion for the first nine months of 2024 and 17.0 billion for the first nine months of 2023. Revenues from our mining operations and processing facilities primarily include the sale of copper cathode, copper in concentrate, copper rod, gold in concentrate and anode slimes, and molybdenum. Refer to Note 8 for a summary of product revenues. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Following is a summary of changes in our consolidated revenues between periods (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 Consolidated revenues - 2023 period 5,824 16,950 (Lower) higher sales volumes: Copper (279) 404 Gold 304 624 Molybdenum (27) 18 Higher (lower) average realized prices: Copper 518 1,199 Gold 374 639 Molybdenum (16) (266) Adjustments for prior period provisionally priced copper sales (36) (155) Higher Atlantic Copper revenues 65 134 Higher revenues from purchased copper 83 273 Lower treatment charges 52 76 Higher royalties and export duties (47) (323) Other, including intercompany eliminations (25) 162 Consolidated revenues - 2024 period 6,790 19,735 
 
 Sales Volumes. Consolidated copper sales volumes decreased in third-quarter 2024, compared to third-quarter 2023, primarily as a result of the timing of shipments and lower ore grades and operating rates in North America. Consolidated gold sales volumes increased in third-quarter 2024, compared to third-quarter 2023, primarily reflecting the timing of shipments in Indonesia. 
 
 Higher consolidated copper and gold sales volumes for the first nine months of 2024, compared to the 2023 period, primarily reflect higher mining and milling rates and copper ore grades at PT-FI, partly offset by lower operating rates in North America and South America. 
 
 Realized Prices. Our consolidated revenues can vary significantly as a result of fluctuations in the market prices of copper, gold and molybdenum. Average realized prices in third-quarter 2024, compared with third-quarter 2023, were 13 higher for copper, 35 higher for gold and 4 lower for molybdenum. Average realized prices for the first nine months of 2024, compared with the first nine months of 2023, were 10 higher for copper, 22 higher for gold and 17 lower for molybdenum. 
 
 Average realized copper prices include net favorable (unfavorable) adjustments to current period provisionally priced copper sales totaling 61 million in third-quarter 2024, (34) million in third-quarter 2023, 248 million for the first nine months of 2024 and (152) million for the first nine months of 2023. Average realized gold prices include net favorable (unfavorable) adjustments to current period provisionally priced gold sales totaling 74 million in third-quarter 2024, (13) million in third-quarter 2023, 155 million for the first nine months of 2024 and (8) million for the first nine months of 2023. As discussed in Note 5, certain sales contracts for copper and gold provide final pricing in a specified future month (generally one to four months from the shipment date). We record revenues and invoice customers at the time of shipment based on then-current LME or London PM prices, which results in an embedded derivative on provisionally priced sales that are adjusted to fair value through earnings each period, using the period-end forward prices, until final pricing on the date of settlement. To the extent final prices are higher or lower than what was recorded on a provisional basis, an increase or decrease to revenues is recorded each reporting period until the date of final pricing. Accordingly, in times of rising copper and gold prices, our revenues benefit from adjustments to the final pricing of provisionally priced sales pursuant to contracts entered into in prior periods; in times of falling copper and gold prices, the opposite occurs. 
 
 Prior Period Provisionally Priced Copper Sales. Net (unfavorable) favorable adjustments to prior periods provisionally priced copper sales i.e. , provisionally priced sales at June 30, 2024 and 2023, and December 31, 2023 and 2022) recorded in consolidated revenues totaled (32) million in third-quarter 2024, 4 million in third-quarter 2023, 28 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 183 million for the first nine months of 2023. Refer to Notes 5 and 8 for a summary of total adjustments to prior period and current period provisionally priced sales. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 At September 30, 2024, we had provisionally priced copper sales totaling 162 million pounds (net of intercompany sales and noncontrolling interests) recorded at an average price of 4.43 per pound, subject to final pricing over the next several months. We estimate that each 0.05 change in the price realized from the September 30, 2024, recorded provisional price would have an approximate 15 million effect on 2024 revenues 5 million to 2024 net income attributable to common stock). The LME copper price settled at 4.28 per pound on October 31, 2024. 
 
 Atlantic Copper Revenues. Atlantic Copper revenues totaled 765 million in third-quarter 2024 and 2.3 billion for the first nine months of 2024, compared with 700 million in third-quarter 2023 and 2.2 billion for the first nine months of 2023. Higher revenues in the 2024 periods, compared with the 2023 periods, primarily reflect higher copper prices and sales volumes. 
 
 Purchased Copper. We purchase copper cathode primarily for processing by our Rod Refining operations. The volumes of copper purchases vary depending on cathode production from our operations and totaled 36 million pounds in third-quarter 2024, 18 million pounds in third-quarter 2023, 142 million pounds for the first nine months of 2024 and 85 million pounds for the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 Treatment Charges. Revenues from our copper concentrate sales are recorded net of treatment charges i.e., fees paid to smelters that are generally negotiated annually), which will vary with the sales volumes and the price of copper. The decrease in treatment charges in the 2024 periods, compared to the 2023 periods, primarily reflects lower copper concentrate sales volumes in South America. 
 
 Royalties and Export Duties. Royalties and export duties are primarily associated with PT-FI sales. Royalties will vary with the volume of metal sold and the prices of copper and gold. Export duties of 2.5 were eliminated effective March 29, 2023, upon verification that construction progress of the new smelter exceeded 50 and were reinstated at a rate of 7.5 in July 2023 under a revised regulation. As discussed in Note 7, PT-FI is continuing to pay export duties of 7.5 on copper concentrates. PT-FI incurred export duties totaling 129 million in third-quarter 2024, 147 million in third-quarter 2023, 360 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 165 million for the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 Production and Delivery Costs 
 Consolidated production and delivery costs totaled 4.1 billion in third-quarter 2024, 3.6 billion in third-quarter 2023, 11.8 billion for the first nine months of 2024 and 10.3 billion for the first nine months of 2023. The 2024 periods include nonrecurring labor-related charges at Cerro Verde associated with new collective labor agreements (CLA) totaling 34 million in third-quarter 2024 and 99 million for the first nine months of 2024. Additionally, the first nine months of 2024 included charges totaling 99 million associated with assumed oil and gas abandonment obligations resulting from bankruptcies of other companies (refer to Note 7 for further discussion). 
 
 Site Production and Delivery Costs Per Pound. Site production and delivery costs for our copper mining operations primarily include labor, energy and other commodity-based inputs, such as sulfuric acid, explosives, steel, reagents, liners and tires. Consolidated site production and delivery costs (before net noncash and other costs) for our copper mines averaged 2.61 per pound of copper in third-quarter 2024, 2.27 per pound of copper in third-quarter 2023, 2.49 per pound of copper for the first nine months of 2024 and 2.40 per pound of copper for the first nine months of 2023. Refer to Operations Unit Net Cash Costs and Operations Unit Net Cash (Credits) Costs for further discussion of unit net cash costs (credits) associated with our operating divisions and to Product Revenues and Production Costs for reconciliations of per pound costs by operating division to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization 
 Depreciation will vary under the unit-of-production (UOP) method as a result of changes in sales volumes and the related UOP rates at our mining operations. Consolidated depreciation, depletion and amortization (DD A) totaled 600 million in third-quarter 2024, 533 million in third-quarter 2023, 1.7 billion for the first nine months of 2024 and 1.5 billion for the first nine months of 2023. We currently expect that DD A will approximate 2.3 billion for the year 2024. Following completion of commissioning activities for PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities, DD A will include amounts associated with capitalized costs for the project. 
 
 Environmental Obligations and Shutdown Costs 
 Environmental obligation costs reflect net revisions to our long-term environmental obligations, which vary from period to period because of changes to environmental laws and regulations, the settlement of environmental matters and/or circumstances affecting our operations that could result in significant changes in our estimates. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Shutdown costs include care-and-maintenance costs and any litigation, remediation or related expenditures associated with closed facilities or operations. Net revisions to long-term historical environmental obligations totaled 3 million in third-quarter 2024, 83 million in third-quarter 2023, 82 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 199 million for the first nine months of 2023. Refer to Note 7. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Consolidated interest costs (before capitalization) totaled 173 million in third-quarter 2024, 165 million in third-quarter 2023, 529 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 606 million for the first nine months of 2023. Consolidated interest costs (before capitalization) include a credit of 11 million in the 2024 periods associated with the closure of our 2017 and 2018 U.S. federal income tax exams and a credit of 13 million in the 2023 periods for the settlement of interest on Cerro Verde s historical profit sharing liability. Additionally, the first nine months of 2023 included 74 million of interest charges associated with contested tax rulings issued by the Peruvian Supreme Court. 
 
 Capitalized interest varies with the level of qualifying assets associated with our development projects and average interest rates on our borrowings. Capitalized interest added to property, plant, equipment and mine development costs, net, totaled 101 million in third-quarter 2024, 69 million in third-quarter 2023, 280 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 188 million for the first nine months of 2023. The increase in capitalized interest costs in the 2024 periods, compared to the 2023 periods, resulted from increased construction and development projects in process, primarily related to PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities. Refer to Capital Resources and Liquidity Investing Activities for discussion of capital expenditures associated with our major development projects. 
 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net, which totaled 97 million in third-quarter 2024, 71 million in third-quarter 2023, 295 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 183 million for the first nine months of 2023, primarily includes amounts associated with interest income, currency exchange gains and losses, and market-to-market impacts of trust assets used to satisfy financial assurance obligations for our New Mexico mining operations. The first nine months of 2024 include a credit of 26 million associated with the reduction in the accrual to indemnify PT Mineral Industri Indonesia (MIND ID) from potential losses arising from historical tax disputes (refer to Note 3), and the first nine months of 2023 include a 69 million charge associated with Cerro Verde s contested tax rulings issued by the Peruvian Supreme Court. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Following is a summary of the approximate amounts used in the calculation of our consolidated income tax provision (in millions, except percentages): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Income (Loss) a 
 Effective Tax Rate Income Tax (Provision) Benefit Income (Loss) a 
 Effective Tax Rate Income Tax (Provision) Benefit U.S. b 
 (393) c 
 8 d 
 30 c 
 180 d 
 3 South America 1,196 40 (475) 1,103 40 (441) Indonesia 4,709 36 (1,706) 3,135 37 (1,156) Cerro Verde historical tax matters N/A (142) e 
 N/A 3 PT-FI historical tax matters 16 f 
 N/A 182 f 
 (5) N/A (3) Eliminations and other 139 N/A (46) 
 7 N/A Rate adjustment g 
 N/A 12 N/A 48 Consolidated FCX 5,667 35 (2,003) 4,278 36 (1,546) 
 a. Represents income (loss) before income taxes, equity in affiliated companies' net earnings, and noncontrolling interests. 
 b. In addition to our North America copper mines, which had operating income of 587 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 925 million for the first nine months of 2023 (refer to Note 8), the U.S. jurisdiction reflects non-operating sites and corporate-level expenses, which include interest expense associated with FCX s senior notes and general and administrative expenses. The U.S. jurisdiction also includes net revisions to environmental obligation estimates and charges associated with oil and gas abandonment obligations and impairments. 
 c. Includes net credits associated with the closure of our 2017 and 2018 U.S federal income tax exams. Refer to Note 3 for further discussion. 
 d. Includes a valuation allowance release on prior year unbenefited net operating losses. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 e. Reflects net charges associated with contested tax rulings issued by the Peruvian Supreme Court. 
 f. Refer to Note 3 for further discussion of net credits associated with closure of PT-FI s 2021 corporate income tax audit and resolution of a framework for Indonesia disputed tax matters. 
 g. In accordance with applicable accounting rules, we adjust our interim provision for income taxes equal to our consolidated tax rate. 
 
 Assuming achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates and average prices of 4.25 per pound of copper, 2,600 per ounce of gold and 20.00 per pound of molybdenum in fourth-quarter 2024, we estimate our consolidated effective tax rate for the year 2024 would approximate 36 (which reflects an estimated effective tax rate of 40 for fourth-quarter 2024). Changes in projected sales volumes and average prices during fourth-quarter 2024 would incur tax impacts at estimated effective rates of 39 for Peru, 36 for Indonesia and 0 for the U.S., which excludes the benefits discussed in footnote c under the table above and any impacts from the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (refer to Note 3). 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, which is primarily associated with our noncontrolling shareholders at PT-FI, Cerro Verde and El Abra, totaled 0.7 billion in third-quarter 2024, 0.5 billion in third-quarter 2023, 2.1 billion for the first nine months of 2024 and 1.3 billion for the first nine months of 2023 (refer to Note 8 for net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for each of our business segments). 
 
 Beginning January 1, 2023, our economic and ownership interest in PT-FI is 48.76 , except for net income associated with the settlement of historical tax matters in first-quarter 2024 and approximately 190 thousand ounces of gold sales in first-quarter 2023, which were attributed based on the economics prior to January 1, 2023 i.e. , approximately 81 to FCX and 19 to MIND ID). Refer to Note 1 for further discussion. 
 
 In September 2024, we increased our ownership interest in Cerro Verde to 55.08 from 53.56 . Refer to Note 1 for further discussion. 
 
 Based on achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates, and assuming average prices of 4.25 per pound of copper, 2,600 per ounce of gold and 20.00 per pound of molybdenum in fourth-quarter 2024, we estimate that net income attributable to noncontrolling interests will approximate 2.7 billion for the year 2024. The impact of price changes on net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year 2024 would approximate 0.1 billion for each 0.25 per pound change in the average price of copper in fourth-quarter 2024. The actual amount will depend on many factors, including relative performance of each business segment, commodity prices, costs and other factors. 

OPERATIONS 
 
 Responsible Production 
 We demonstrate our responsible production performance through the Copper Mark, a comprehensive assurance framework developed specifically for the copper industry, and recently extended to other metals including molybdenum. To achieve the Copper Mark, each site is required to complete an independent external assurance process to assess conformance with various environmental, social and governance criteria. Awarded sites must be revalidated every three years. We have achieved, and are committed to maintaining, the Copper Mark and/or Molybdenum Mark, as applicable, at all of our sites globally. 
 
 Leaching Innovation Initiatives 
 We are continuing to advance a series of initiatives across our North America and South America operations to incorporate new applications, technologies and data analytics to our leaching processes. In late 2023, we achieved our initial incremental annual run rate target of approximately 200 million pounds of copper. Incremental copper production from these initiatives totaled 58 million pounds in third-quarter 2024 (compared with 46 million pounds in third-quarter 2023) and 164 million pounds for the first nine months of 2024 (compared with 97 million pounds for the first nine months of 2023). We are pursuing opportunities to apply recent operational enhancements on a larger scale and we are testing new innovative technology applications that we believe have the potential for significant increases in recoverable metal beyond the current run rate. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Feasibility and Optimization Studies 
 We are engaged in various studies associated with potential future expansion projects primarily at our mining operations. The costs for these studies are charged to production and delivery costs as incurred and totaled 45 million in third-quarter 2024, 42 million in third-quarter 2023, 117 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 137 million for the first nine months of 2023. We estimate the costs of these studies will approximate 175 million for the year 2024, subject to market conditions and other factors. 
 
 North America 
 We manage seven copper operations in North America Morenci, Bagdad, Safford (including Lone Star), Sierrita and Miami in Arizona, and Chino and Tyrone in New Mexico. We also operate a copper smelter in Miami, Arizona. In addition to copper, certain of these operations produce molybdenum concentrate, gold and silver. All of the North America operations are wholly owned, except for Morenci. We record our 72 undivided joint venture interest in Morenci using the proportionate consolidation method. 
 
 The North America copper operations include open-pit mining, sulfide-ore concentrating, leaching and solution extraction/electrowinning (SX/EW) facilities. A majority of the copper produced at our North America copper operations is cast into copper rod by our Rod Refining segment. The remainder of our North America copper production is sold as copper cathode or copper concentrate, a portion of which is shipped to Atlantic Copper (our wholly owned smelter and refinery in Spain). Molybdenum concentrate, gold and silver are also produced by certain of our North America copper operations . 
 
 Development Activities. We have substantial reserves and future opportunities in the U.S., primarily associated with existing operations. 
 
 We have a potential expansion project to more than double the concentrator capacity of the Bagdad operation in northwest Arizona. Bagdad s reserve life currently exceeds 80 years and supports an expanded operation. In late 2023, we completed technical and economic studies, which indicate the opportunity to construct new concentrating facilities to increase copper production by 200 to 250 million pounds per year at estimated incremental project capital costs of approximately 3.5 billion. Expanded operations would provide improved efficiency and reduce unit net cash costs through economies of scale. Project economics indicate that the expansion would require an incentive copper price in the range of 3.50 to 4.00 per pound and approximately three to four years to complete. The decision of whether to proceed and timing of the potential expansion will take into account overall copper market conditions, availability of labor and other factors, including progress on conversion of the existing haul truck fleet to autonomous and expanding housing alternatives to support long-range plans. In parallel, we are advancing activities for expanded tailings infrastructure projects required under long-range plans in order to advance the potential construction timeline. 
 
 We have commenced pre-feasibility studies in the Safford/Lone Star district to define a potential significant expansion opportunity. Positive drilling conducted in recent years indicates a large, mineralized district with opportunities to pursue a further expansion project. We are expecting to complete these studies in late 2025. The decision of whether to proceed and timing of the potential expansion will take into account results of technical and economic studies, overall copper market conditions and other factors. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Data. Following is summary consolidated operating data for the North America copper mines: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating Data, Net of Joint Venture Interests Copper (millions of recoverable pounds) 
 Production 313 344 925 1,030 Sales, excluding purchases 316 372 939 1,043 Average realized price per pound 4.32 3.86 4.29 3.97 
 Molybdenum (millions of recoverable pounds) 
 Production a 
 8 7 22 23 100 Operating Data Leach operations Leach ore placed in stockpiles (metric tons per day) 551,200 688,600 606,100 675,600 Average copper ore grade ) 0.21 0.22 0.21 0.24 Copper production (millions of recoverable pounds) 213 245 633 718 Mill operations Ore milled (metric tons per day) 314,700 315,800 304,200 309,700 Average ore grade ): Copper 0.29 0.30 0.30 0.33 Molybdenum 0.02 0.02 0.02 0.02 Copper recovery rate ) 83.1 81.7 82.6 82.0 Copper production (millions of recoverable pounds) 149 155 440 481 
 a. Refer to Consolidated Results for our consolidated molybdenum sales, which include sales of molybdenum produced at the North America copper mines. 
 
 Our consolidated copper sales volumes from North America totaled 316 million pounds in third-quarter 2024, 372 million pounds in third-quarter 2023, 0.9 billion pounds for the first nine months of 2024 and 1.0 billion pounds for the first nine months of 2023. Lower copper sales in the 2024 periods, compared to the 2023 periods, primarily reflect lower operating rates and ore grades. Higher third-quarter 2023 sales volumes also reflect the impact of timing of shipments. 
 
 North America copper sales are estimated to approximate 1.24 billion pounds for the year 2024. Refer to Outlook for projected molybdenum sales volumes. 
 
 Unit Net Cash Costs. We believe unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure that provides investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. We use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. This information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Gross Profit per Pound of Copper and Molybdenum 
 The following table summarizes unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound at our North America copper mines. Refer to Product Revenues and Production Costs for an explanation of the by-product and co-product methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 By- Product Method Co-Product Method By- Product Method Co-Product Method Copper Molyb- 
 denum a 
 Copper Molyb- denum a 
 Revenues, excluding adjustments 4.32 4.32 21.33 3.86 3.86 22.01 Site production and delivery, before net noncash 
 and other costs shown below 
 3.64 3.25 16.83 3.01 2.71 17.35 By-product credits (0.53) (0.41) Treatment charges 0.13 0.12 0.10 0.10 Unit net cash costs 3.24 3.37 16.83 2.70 2.81 17.35 DD A 0.35 0.31 1.22 0.30 0.26 1.33 Noncash and other costs, net 0.16 b 
 0.15 0.40 0.14 b 
 0.13 0.47 Total unit costs 3.75 3.83 18.45 3.14 3.20 19.15 Revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing 
 on prior period open sales 
 Gross profit per pound 0.57 0.49 2.88 0.72 0.66 2.86 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 317 317 372 372 Molybdenum sales (millions of recoverable pounds) a 
 8 7 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 By- Product Method Co-Product Method By- Product Method Co-Product Method Copper Molyb- 
 denum a 
 Copper Molyb- denum a 
 Revenues, excluding adjustments 4.29 4.29 19.97 3.97 3.97 24.41 Site production and delivery, before net noncash 
 and other costs shown below 
 3.45 3.10 16.52 2.96 2.60 17.66 By-product credits (0.45) (0.52) Treatment charges 0.13 0.13 0.12 0.12 Unit net cash costs 3.13 3.23 16.52 2.56 2.72 17.66 DD A 0.35 0.32 1.23 0.30 0.26 1.27 Noncash and other costs, net 0.14 b 
 0.13 0.39 0.17 b 
 0.15 0.87 Total unit costs 3.62 3.68 18.14 3.03 3.13 19.80 Revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing 
 on prior period open sales 
 0.01 0.01 Gross profit per pound 0.67 0.61 1.83 0.95 0.85 4.61 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 943 943 1,048 1,048 Molybdenum sales (millions of recoverable pounds) a 
 22 23 
 a. Reflects sales of molybdenum produced by certain of the North America copper mines to our molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing. 
 b. Includes charges totaling 0.06 per pound of copper in third-quarter 2024, 0.05 per pound of copper for the first nine months of 2024, and 0.08 per pound of copper for both the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, for feasibility and optimization studies. 
 
 Our North America copper mines have varying cost structures because of differences in ore grades and characteristics, processing costs, by-product credits and other factors. Average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for the North America copper mines of 3.24 per pound of copper in third-quarter 2024 and 3.13 per pound for the first nine months of 2024 were higher than average unit net cash costs of 2.70 per pound in third-quarter 2023 and 2.56 per pound for the first nine months of 2023, primarily reflecting lower copper volumes. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, North America s average unit depreciation rate may vary with asset additions and the level of copper production and sales. 
 
 Revenue adjustments primarily result from changes in prices on provisionally priced copper sales recognized in prior periods. Refer to Consolidated Results Revenues for further discussion of adjustments to prior period provisionally priced copper sales. 
 
 Average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our North America copper mines are expected to approximate 3.14 per pound of copper for the year 2024, based on achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates, and assuming an average price of 20.00 per pound of molybdenum in fourth-quarter 2024. North America s average unit net cash costs for the year 2024 would change by approximately 0.01 per pound for each 2 per pound change in the average price of molybdenum in fourth-quarter 2024. 
 
 South America 
 We manage two copper operations in South America Cerro Verde in Peru (in which we own a 55.08 interest) and El Abra in Chile (in which we own a 51 interest), which are consolidated in our financial statements. 
 
 In September 2024, we purchased 5.3 million shares of Cerro Verde common stock for 210 million, increasing our ownership interest in Cerro Verde to 55.08 from 53.56 . 
 
 South America operations includes open-pit mining, sulfide-ore concentrating, leaching and SX/EW facilities. Production from our South America operations is sold as copper concentrate or cathode under long-term contracts. Our South America operations also sell a portion of their copper concentrate production to Atlantic Copper. In addition to copper, the Cerro Verde mine produces molybdenum concentrate and silver. 
 
 Development Activities. At the El Abra operations in Chile, we have completed substantial drilling and evaluations to define a large sulfide resource that would support a potential major mill project similar to the large-scale concentrator at Cerro Verde. We are preparing data for a potential submission of an environmental impact statement by year-end 2025, subject to ongoing stakeholder engagement and economic evaluations. Preliminary estimates, which remain under review, indicate that the project economics would be supported using an incentive copper price of less than 4.00 per pound. The decision of whether to proceed and timing of the potential project will take into account overall copper market conditions, required permitting and other factors. 
 
 Labor Matters. In October 2024, Cerro Verde completed a new four-year CLA with one of its two unions. The agreement follows the successful completion of a new CLA with a second union in April 2024. Cerro Verde now has multi-year agreements for its hourly workforce. In connection with the new CLAs, Cerro Verde incurred nonrecurring charges of 34 million in third-quarter 2024 and 99 million for the first nine months of 2024. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Data. Following is summary consolidated operating data for South America operations: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Copper (millions of recoverable pounds) 
 Production 299 305 877 916 Sales 293 307 879 913 Average realized price per pound 4.29 3.77 4.25 3.82 Molybdenum (millions of recoverable pounds) 
 Production a 
 6 6 15 17 Leach operations Leach ore placed in stockpiles (metric tons per day) 157,100 164,300 167,800 190,500 Average copper ore grade ) 0.43 0.38 0.41 0.34 Copper production (millions of recoverable pounds) 72 77 218 237 Mill operations Ore milled (metric tons per day) 423,700 431,300 415,700 420,700 Average ore grade ): Copper 0.33 0.34 0.33 0.34 Molybdenum 0.01 0.01 0.01 0.01 Copper recovery rate ) 84.2 79.8 83.8 82.0 Copper production (millions of recoverable pounds) 227 228 659 679 
 a. Refer to Consolidated Results for our consolidated molybdenum sales volumes, which include sales of molybdenum produced at Cerro Verde. 
 
 Our consolidated copper sales from South America operations were not significantly different in the 2024 periods, compared to the 2023 periods. Copper sales from South America operations are expected to approximate 1.2 billion pounds for the year 2024. Refer to Outlook for projected molybdenum sales volumes. 
 
 Unit Net Cash Costs. We believe unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure that provides investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. We use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. This information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Gross Profit per Pound of Copper 
 The following table summarizes unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound of copper at our South America operations. Refer to Product Revenues and Production Costs for an explanation of the by-product and co-product methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 By-Product Method Co-Product Method By-Product Method Co-Product Method Revenues, excluding adjustments 4.29 4.29 3.77 3.77 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 2.65 a 
 2.43 2.57 2.32 By-product credits (0.37) (0.42) Treatment charges 0.15 0.15 0.19 0.19 Royalty on metals 0.01 0.01 0.01 0.01 Unit net cash costs 2.44 2.59 2.35 2.52 DD A 0.37 0.34 0.36 0.32 Noncash and other costs, net 0.10 b 
 0.09 0.07 b 
 0.07 Total unit costs 2.91 3.02 2.78 2.91 Revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales (0.06) (0.06) 0.01 0.01 Gross profit per pound 1.32 1.21 1.00 0.87 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 293 293 307 307 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 By-Product Method Co-Product Method By-Product Method Co-Product Method Revenues, excluding adjustments 4.25 4.25 3.82 3.82 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 2.67 a 
 2.47 2.51 2.26 By-product credits (0.34) (0.44) Treatment charges 0.16 0.16 0.20 0.20 Royalty on metals 0.01 0.01 0.01 0.01 Unit net cash costs 2.50 2.64 2.28 2.47 DD A 0.38 0.35 0.38 0.34 Noncash and other costs, net 0.07 b 
 0.07 0.08 b 
 0.07 Total unit costs 2.95 3.06 2.74 2.88 Revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 0.04 0.04 0.08 0.08 Gross profit per pound 1.34 1.23 1.16 1.02 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 879 879 913 913 
 a. Includes 0.12 per pound of copper in third-quarter 2024 and 0.11 per pound of copper for the first nine months of 2024 for nonrecurring labor-related charges at Cerro Verde associated with new CLAs. 
 b. Includes charges totaling 0.06 per pound of copper in third-quarter 2024, 0.05 per pound of copper for the first nine months of 2024, and 0.03 per pound of copper in both the third quarter and first nine months of 2023 for feasibility and optimization studies. 
 
 Our South America operations have varying cost structures because of differences in ore grades and characteristics, processing costs, by-product credits and other factors. Average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for South America operations of 2.44 per pound of copper in third-quarter 2024 and 2.50 per pound for the first nine months of 2024 were higher than average unit net cash costs of 2.35 per pound in third-quarter 2023 and 2.28 per pound for the first nine months of 2023, primarily reflecting nonrecurring labor-related charges at Cerro Verde associated with new CLAs with its two unions and lower by-product credits. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues from Cerro Verde s copper concentrate sales are recorded net of treatment charges, which will vary with Cerro Verde s sales volumes and the price of copper. 
 
 Because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, South America s unit depreciation rate may vary with asset additions and the level of copper production and sales. 
 
 Revenue adjustments primarily result from changes in prices on provisionally priced copper sales recognized in prior periods. Refer to Consolidated Results Revenues for further discussion of adjustments to prior period provisionally priced copper sales. 
 
 Average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for South America operations are expected to approximate 2.47 per pound of copper for the year 2024 (which includes 0.08 per pound of copper for nonrecurring labor-related charges at Cerro Verde associated with its new CLAs), based on achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates, and assuming an average price of 20.00 per pound of molybdenum in fourth-quarter 2024. 
 
 Indonesia 
 PT-FI operates one of the world s largest copper and gold mines at the Grasberg minerals district in Central Papua, Indonesia. PT-FI produces copper concentrate that contains significant quantities of gold and silver. We have a 48.76 ownership interest in PT-FI and manage its operations. PT-FI's results are consolidated in our financial statements. Upon completion and full ramp-up of PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities, PT-FI will be a fully integrated producer of refined copper and gold. Other than copper concentrate delivered to PT Smelting and PT-FI s new smelter for further processing into refined products, most of PT-FI s copper concentrate is sold under long-term contracts. 
 
 Labor Matters. In April 2024, PT-FI reached a new two-year CLA with its three employee unions at its Grasberg minerals district operations. PT-FI did not recognize any significant nonrecurring costs associated with the new CLA. 
 
 Regulatory Matters and Mining Rights. On July 2, 2024, PT-FI was granted copper concentrate and anode slimes export licenses, which are valid through December 2024. Pursuant to the Indonesia regulations, PT-FI is continuing to pay a 7.5 export duty on copper concentrates. See below for further discussion of the recent fire event at PT-FI's new smelter facility. 
 
 As further discussed in FCX s 2023 Form 10-K, PT-FI s current special mining business license (IUPK) enables it to conduct operations in the Grasberg minerals district through 2041. Pursuant to regulations issued during 2024, PT-FI is eligible to apply for an extension of its mining rights beyond 2041, provided certain conditions are met, including ownership of integrated downstream facilities that have entered the operational stage; domestic ownership of at least 51 and agreement with a state-owned enterprise for an additional 10 ownership; and commitments for additional exploration and increases in refining capacity, each as approved by the Ministry of Energy and Minerals. Application for extension may be submitted at any time up to one year prior to the expiration of its current IUPK. PT-FI is currently preparing its application submittal. In connection with PT-FI s application for extension, we are working to reach terms with MIND ID on a purchase and sale agreement for the transfer in 2041 of an additional 10 interest in PT-FI. An extension would enable continuity of large-scale operations for the benefit of all stakeholders and provide growth options through additional resource development opportunities in the highly attractive Grasberg minerals district. 
 
 Operating and Development Activities. Over a multi-year investment period, PT-FI has successfully commissioned three large-scale underground mines in the Grasberg minerals district (Grasberg Block Cave, Deep Mill Level Zone and Big Gossan). PT-FI is completing a mill recovery project with the installation of a new copper cleaner circuit, which is expected to begin commissioning in late 2024. 
 
 Kucing Liar. Long-term mine development activities are ongoing for PT-FI s Kucing Liar deposit in the Grasberg minerals district. Kucing Liar is expected to produce over 7 billion pounds of copper and 6 million ounces of gold between 2029 and the end of 2041, and an extension of PT-FI s operating rights beyond 2041 would extend the life of the project. Development activities commenced in 2022 and are expected to continue over an approximate 10-year timeframe, with capital investments estimated to average approximately 400 million per year over this period. At full operating rates, annual production from Kucing Liar is expected to approximate 560 million pounds of copper and 520 thousand ounces of gold, providing PT-FI with sustained long-term, large-scale and low-cost production. Kucing Liar will benefit from substantial shared infrastructure and PT-FI s experience and long-term success in block-cave mining. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Natural Gas Facilities. PT-FI plans to transition its existing energy source from coal to natural gas, which would meaningfully reduce PT-FI s Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions at the Grasberg minerals district. PT-FI s planned investments in a new gas-fired combined cycle facility are expected to be incurred over the next four years, at a cost of approximately 1 billion, which represents an incremental cost of 0.4 billion compared to previously planned investments to refurbish the existing coal units. Once complete, PT-FI s dual-fuel power plant and the new gas-fired combined cycle facility will be fueled by natural gas, supplied by a floating liquefied natural gas storage and regassification unit. 
 
 Downstream Processing Facilities. On October 14, 2024, a fire occurred during commissioning of PT-FI s new smelter in Gresik, Indonesia, following an equipment malfunction in the smelter furnace. The fire resulted in damage to a gas cleaning facility (electrostatic precipitator plant) and infrastructure for the production of sulfuric acid. There were no injuries. Smelter start-up operations have been temporarily suspended pending remediation activities. Mining operations in Central Papua and the completion and ramp-up of the PMR project have not been impacted. 
 
 PT-FI has substantially completed initial damage assessments and currently estimates repair costs to approximate 100 million, which are expected to be offset through recovery under construction insurance programs. 
 
 Remediation plans are in progress, including the procurement of long-lead items. Based on current delivery timelines, which continue to be evaluated, PT-FI currently expects to recommence start-up operations by mid-2025. Efforts are under way to expedite equipment orders to potentially improve the schedule. 
 
 PT-FI is working with the Indonesia government to allow continued exports of copper concentrates until full ramp-up of PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities is achieved, including seeking an increase to the permitted quota for 2024. 
 
 In December 2023, PT Smelting completed an expansion of its capacity by 30 to 1.3 million metric tons of copper concentrate per year. The project was funded by PT-FI with borrowings totaling 254 million that converted to equity effective June 30, 2024, increasing PT-FI s ownership in PT Smelting to 66 from 39.5 . As discussed in Note 1, PT-FI continues to account for its investment in PT Smelting under the equity method. 
 
 Operating Data. Following is summary consolidated operating data for Indonesia operations: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Copper (millions of recoverable pounds) 
 Production 439 436 1,371 1,171 Sales 426 430 1,256 1,014 Average realized price per pound 4.29 3.77 4.24 3.81 Gold (thousands of recoverable ounces) 
 Production 451 528 1,433 1,409 Sales 554 395 1,474 1,153 Average realized price per ounce 2,569 1,898 2,362 1,932 Ore extracted and milled (metric tons per day): Grasberg Block Cave underground mine 133,400 131,000 132,100 112,000 Deep Mill Level Zone underground mine 63,200 76,900 65,000 75,700 Big Gossan underground mine 8,500 8,100 8,400 7,800 Other adjustments 700 (9,400) 1,900 (2,500) Total 205,800 206,600 
 207,400 193,000 Average ore grades: Copper ) 1.26 1.21 1.29 1.18 Gold (grams per metric ton) 0.95 1.15 1.03 1.10 Recovery rates ): Copper 88.1 89.5 88.8 89.5 Gold 77.2 77.8 77.3 77.5 
 PT-FI s consolidated copper sales volumes totaled 426 million pounds in third-quarter 2024, 430 million pounds in third-quarter 2023, 1.3 billion pounds for the first nine months of 2024 and 1.0 billion pounds for the first nine 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 months of 2023. Higher sales volumes for the first nine months of 2024, compared to the 2023 period, primarily reflected higher ore grades and higher mining and milling rates. 
 
 PT-FI s consolidated gold sales volumes of 554 thousand ounces in third-quarter 2024 were higher than third-quarter 2023 gold sales volumes of 395 thousand ounces, primarily reflecting timing of shipments, partly offset by lower production from lower ore grades. PT-FI s consolidated gold sales volumes of 1.5 million ounces for the first nine months of 2024 were higher than 1.2 million ounces for the first nine months of 2023, primarily reflecting higher mining and milling rates and timing of shipments. 
 
 Consolidated sales volumes from PT-FI are expected to approximate 1.65 billion pounds of copper and 1.8 million ounces of gold for the year 2024. Consolidated copper and gold production volumes from PT-FI for the year 2024 are expected to exceed 2024 sales volumes, reflecting the deferral of approximately 85 million pounds of copper and 85 thousand ounces of gold associated with inventories held at PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities expected to be sold as refined metal in 2025. Projected sales volumes are dependent on operational performance; continuation of copper concentrate exports during the restoration period of PT-FI s new smelter; weather-related conditions; and other factors detailed in the Cautionary Statement below. 
 
 Unit Net Cash (Credits) Costs. We believe unit net cash (credits) costs per pound of copper is a measure that provides investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. We use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. This information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
 
 Gross Profit per Pound of Copper and per Ounce of Gold 
 The following table summarizes the unit net cash (credits) costs and gross profit per pound of copper and per ounce of gold at our Indonesia mining operations. Refer to Product Revenues and Production Costs for an explanation of by-product and co-product methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash credits per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 By-Product Method Co-Product Method By-Product Method Co-Product Method Copper Gold Copper Gold Revenues, excluding adjustments 4.29 4.29 2,569 3.77 3.77 1,898 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 1.82 1.00 599 1.42 0.96 484 Gold, silver and other by-product credits (3.50) (1.83) Treatment charges 0.37 0.20 122 0.32 0.22 109 Export duties a 
 0.30 0.17 99 0.34 0.23 116 Royalty on metals 0.30 0.17 95 0.19 0.12 64 Unit net cash (credits) costs (0.71) 1.54 915 0.44 1.53 773 DD A 0.80 0.44 263 0.63 0.43 214 Noncash and other costs, net 0.12 b 
 0.07 41 0.02 b 
 0.01 6 Total unit costs 0.21 2.05 1,219 1.09 1.97 993 Revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales (0.03) (0.03) 6 8 Gross profit per pound/ounce 4.05 2.21 1,356 2.68 1.80 913 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 426 426 430 430 Gold sales (thousands of recoverable ounces) 554 395 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 By-Product Method Co-Product Method By-Product Method Co-Product Method Copper Gold Copper Gold Revenues, excluding adjustments 4.24 4.24 2,362 3.81 3.81 1,932 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 1.64 0.98 542 1.71 1.07 542 Gold, silver and other by-product credits (2.90) (2.32) Treatment charges 0.36 0.21 119 0.36 0.22 113 Export duties a 
 0.29 0.17 95 0.16 0.10 51 Royalty on metals 0.27 0.16 89 0.23 0.14 70 Unit net cash (credits) costs (0.34) 1.52 845 0.14 1.53 776 DD A 0.73 0.44 243 0.69 0.43 216 Noncash and other costs, net 0.11 b,c 
 0.06 36 0.11 b,d 
 0.07 36 Total unit costs 0.50 2.02 1,124 0.94 2.03 1,028 Revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales (3) 0.11 0.11 15 PT Smelting intercompany profit 0.11 0.07 35 Gross profit per pound/ounce 3.74 2.22 1,235 3.09 1.96 954 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 1,256 1,256 1,014 1,014 Gold sales (thousands of recoverable ounces) 1,474 1,153 
 a. Export duties of 2.5 were eliminated effective March 29, 2023, upon verification that construction progress of the new smelter exceeded 50 and were reinstated at a rate of 7.5 in July 2023 under a revised regulation. As discussed above and in Note 7, PT-FI is continuing to pay export duties of 7.5 on copper concentrates. 
 b. Includes (i) charges totaling 0.09 per pound of copper in third-quarter 2024 and 0.06 per pound of copper for the first nine months of 2024 for operational readiness and start-up costs associated with PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities and (ii) 0.01 per pound of copper in third-quarter 2024 and 2023 and 0.02 per pound of copper for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 for feasibility and optimization studies. 
 c. Includes charges totaling 0.03 per pound of copper for the first nine months of 2024 for amounts capitalized in prior years associated with construction of PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities. 
 d. Includes a charge totaling 0.05 per pound of copper for the first nine months of 2023 associated with a potential administrative fine. 
 
 PT-FI s unit net cash credits (including gold, silver and other by-product credits) were 0.71 per pound of copper in third-quarter 2024 and 0.34 per pound of copper for the first nine months of 2024, and PT-FI s unit net cash costs (net of gold, silver and other by-product credits) were 0.44 per pound of copper in third-quarter 2023 and 0.14 per pound of copper for the first nine months of 2023. Unit net cash credits for the 2024 periods, compared to the 2023 periods, primarily reflect higher gold credits. Additionally, PT-FI s site production and delivery costs will vary with the volume of metals sold, including the ratio of copper and gold sales within a period. 
 
 Treatment charges vary with the volume of metals sold and the price of copper, and royalties vary with the volume of metals sold and the prices of copper and gold. PT-FI s royalties totaled 129 million in third-quarter 2024, 78 million in third-quarter 2023, 338 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 228 million for the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 Export duties totaled 129 million in third-quarter 2024, 147 million in third-quarter 2023, 360 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 165 million for the first nine months of 2023. Refer to Note 7 for further discussion of PT-FI s export duties. 
 
 Because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, PT-FI s unit depreciation rate may vary with asset additions and the level of copper volumes and changes in copper and gold inventory. 
 
 Revenue adjustments primarily result from changes in prices on provisionally priced copper sales recognized in prior periods. Refer to Consolidated Results Revenues for further discussion of adjustments to prior period provisionally priced copper sales. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 PT Smelting s intercompany profit for the first nine months of 2023 represents the change in the deferral of 39.5 of PT-FI s profit on sales to PT Smelting before 2023. Beginning in 2023, PT-FI s commercial arrangement with PT Smelting changed to a tolling arrangement and there are no further sales from PT-FI to PT Smelting. Refer to Note 1 for further discussion of PT-FI s equity investment in PT Smelting. 
 
 Average unit net cash credits (including gold, silver and other by-product credits) for PT-FI are expected to approximate 0.23 per pound of copper for the year 2024, based on achievement of current sales volumes and cost estimates, and assuming an average price of 2,600 per ounce of gold in fourth-quarter 2024. PT-FI s average unit net cash credits for the year 2024 would change by approximately 0.03 per pound of copper for each 100 per ounce change in the average price of gold in fourth-quarter 2024. 
 
 PT-FI s unit net cash credits for the year 2024 are dependent on operational performance; continuation of copper concentrate exports during the restoration period of PT-FI s new smelter; weather-related conditions; timing of shipments; and other factors. Refer to Cautionary Statement below, and Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in Part I of our 2023 Form 10-K for further discussion of factors that could cause results to differ materially from projections. 
 
 Molybdenum 
 We operate two wholly owned primary molybdenum operations in Colorado the Climax open-pit mine and the Henderson underground mine. The Climax and Henderson mines produce high-purity, chemical-grade molybdenum concentrate, which is typically further processed into value-added molybdenum chemical products. The majority of the molybdenum concentrate produced at the Climax and Henderson mines, as well as from our North America copper mines and South America operations, is processed at our conversion facilities. 
 
 Operating and Development Activities. Production from the primary molybdenum operations totaled 6 million pounds of molybdenum in third-quarter 2024, 7 million pounds in third-quarter 2023, 21 million pounds for the first nine months of 2024 and 22 million pounds for the first nine months of 2023. Refer to Consolidated Results for our consolidated molybdenum operating data, which includes sales of molybdenum produced at our primary molybdenum operations and from our North America copper mines and South America operations. Refer to Outlook for projected consolidated molybdenum sales volumes and to Markets for a discussion of molybdenum prices. 
 
 Unit Net Cash Costs Per Pound of Molybdenum. We believe unit net cash costs per pound of molybdenum is a measure that provides investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. We use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. This information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
 
 Average unit net cash costs for the primary molybdenum operations of 21.06 per pound of molybdenum in third-quarter 2024 and 18.59 per pound for the first nine months of 2024 were higher than average unit net cash costs of 18.07 per pound in third-quarter 2023 and 15.25 per pound for the first nine months of 2023, primarily reflecting higher costs for maintenance supplies and transitional contract labor and lower volumes. Average unit net cash costs for the primary molybdenum operations are expected to approximate 17.55 per pound of molybdenum for the year 2024, based on achievement of current sales volumes and cost estimates. Refer to Product Revenues and Production Costs for a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Smelting and Refining 
 Through our downstream integration, we are able to assure placement of a significant portion of our copper concentrate production. We wholly own and operate the Miami smelter in Arizona, Atlantic Copper, and the El Paso refinery in Texas. 
 
 In June 2024, PT-FI substantially completed construction of its new smelter in Indonesia and commenced commissioning operations in third-quarter 2024. On October 14, 2024, a fire occurred during commissioning and smelter start-up operations have been temporarily suspended pending remediation activities (for further discussion refer to Operations Indonesia Downstream Processing Facilities ). The PMR project was not impacted, and PT-FI expects to complete construction of the PMR by year-end 2024. The new smelter will smelt and refine copper 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 concentrate from PT-FI and the PMR will process anode slimes from the new smelter and PT Smelting. PT-FI also has a 66 (39.5 prior to June 30, 2024) ownership interest in PT Smelting, a copper smelter and refinery in Gresik, Indonesia (refer to Note 1). Once its new downstream processing facilities are operational, PT-FI s operations will be fully integrated and treatment charges reflecting the cost of smelting and refining operations will be recorded in production and delivery costs. 
 
 Atlantic Copper smelts and refines copper concentrate and markets refined copper and precious metals in slimes. During the first nine months of 2024, Atlantic Copper s copper concentrate purchases included 27 from our copper mining operations and 73 from third parties. Atlantic Copper s treatment charges, which consist of a base rate per pound of copper and per ounce of gold, are generally fixed and represent a cost to our mining operations and income to Atlantic Copper i.e. , higher treatment charges benefit our Atlantic Copper operations). Our North America copper mines are less significantly affected by changes in treatment charges because these operations are largely integrated with our Miami smelter and El Paso refinery. 
 
 We defer recognizing profits on sales from our mining operations to Atlantic Copper until final sales to third parties occur. Changes in these deferrals attributable to variability in intercompany volumes resulted in net (reductions) additions to operating income totaling (42) million (13) million to net income attributable to common stock) in third-quarter 2024, 81 million 37 million to net income attributable to common stock) in third-quarter 2023, 79 million 23 million to net income attributable to common stock) for the first nine months of 2024 and 153 million 64 million to net income attributable to common stock) for the first nine months of 2023. Our net deferred profits on our inventories at Atlantic Copper to be recognized in future periods operating income totaled 143 million 44 million to net income attributable to common stock) at September 30, 2024. Quarterly variations in ore grades, the timing of intercompany shipments and changes in product prices will result in variability in our net deferred profits and quarterly earnings. 
 
 In May 2024, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) published a final rule updating the standards for hazardous air pollutant emissions from primary copper smelters. We are evaluating this final rule to determine to what extent we would need to modify our processes and equipment and the costs involved, which could be significant. We expect that this final rule will impact our Miami, Arizona smelter operations, which process a significant portion of the copper concentrate produced by our North America copper mines. We have appealed the EPA s final rule to the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, and we have filed a petition for reconsideration to EPA, including updated information on cost and implementation of the final rule. Refer to Governmental Regulations Environmental and Reclamation Matters in Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties contained in Part I of our 2023 Form 10-K for additional information on new and revised environmental regulatory requirements that may result in substantial increased costs for our business. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 
 Our consolidated operating cash flows vary with sales volumes; prices realized from copper, gold and molybdenum sales; production costs; income taxes; other working capital changes; and other factors. 
 
 We remain focused on managing costs efficiently and continue to advance several important value-enhancing initiatives. We believe the actions we have taken in recent years to build a solid balance sheet, successfully expand low-cost operations and maintain flexible organic growth options while maintaining sufficient liquidity, will allow us to continue to execute our business plans in a prudent manner during periods of economic uncertainty while preserving substantial future asset values. We closely monitor market conditions and will adjust our operating plans to protect liquidity and preserve our asset values, if necessary. We expect to maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity position as we focus on building long-term value in our business, executing our operating plans safely, responsibly and efficiently, and prudently managing costs and capital expenditures. 
 
 Based on current sales volume, cost and metal price estimates discussed in Outlook, our available cash and cash equivalents plus our projected consolidated operating cash flows of 6.8 billion for the year 2024 exceed our expected consolidated capital expenditures of 4.6 billion for the year 2024. 
 
 We have cash on hand and the financial flexibility to fund capital expenditures and our other cash requirements for the next twelve months, including noncontrolling interest distributions, income tax payments, current common stock dividends (base and variable), near-term senior note maturities and any share or debt repurchases. At September 30, 2024, we had 5.0 billion in consolidated cash and cash equivalents, and FCX, PT-FI and Cerro Verde have 3.0 billion, 1.5 billion and 350 million, respectively, of availability under their revolving credit facilities. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 At September 30, 2024, we had 1.1 billion in current restricted cash and cash equivalents, including 1.0 billion associated with PT-FI's export proceeds temporarily deposited in Indonesia banks for 90 days in accordance with a regulation issued by the Indonesia government. 
 
 Financial Policy. Our financial policy is aligned with our strategic objectives of maintaining a strong balance sheet, providing cash returns to shareholders and advancing opportunities for future growth. The policy includes a base dividend and a performance-based payout framework, whereby up to 50 of available cash flows generated after planned capital spending and distributions to noncontrolling interests would be allocated to shareholder returns and the balance to debt reduction and investments in value enhancing growth projects, subject to us maintaining our net debt at a level not to exceed the net debt target of 3.0 billion to 4.0 billion (excluding debt for PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities). Our Board of Directors (Board) reviews the structure of the performance-based payout framework at least annually. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, our net debt, excluding 3.2 billion of debt for PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities, totaled 0.5 billion (which was net of 1.0 billion of current restricted cash associated with PT-FI s export proceeds). Refer to "Net Debt" for further discussion. 
 
 On September 25, 2024, our Board declared cash dividends totaling 0.15 per share on our common stock (including a 0.075 per share quarterly base cash dividend and a 0.075 per share quarterly variable, performance-based cash dividend), which were paid on November 1, 2024, to common stockholders of record as of October 15, 2024. The base and variable dividends on our common stock totaled 0.60 per share for 2024, comprised of a 0.30 per share base dividend and 0.30 per share variable dividend. The declaration and payment of dividends (base or variable) are at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our financial results, cash requirements, global economic conditions and other factors deemed relevant by our Board. 
 
 We acquired 1.2 million shares of our common stock in July 2024 for a total cost of 59 million 50.48 average cost per share) bringing total purchases under our 5.0 billion share repurchase program to 49 million shares for a cost of 1.9 billion 38.64 average cost per share). The timing and amount of share repurchases are at the discretion of management and will depend on a variety of factors. The share repurchase program may be modified, increased, suspended or terminated at any time at the Board s discretion. 
 
 Cash 
 Following is a summary of the U.S. and international components of consolidated cash and cash equivalents available to the parent company, net of noncontrolling interests share and withholding taxes at September 30, 2024 (in billions): 
 Cash at domestic companies 2.1 Cash at international operations 2.9 a 
 Total consolidated cash and cash equivalents 5.0 Noncontrolling interests share (1.4) Cash, net of noncontrolling interests share 3.6 Withholding taxes (0.1) 
 Net cash available 3.5 
 a. Excludes 1.0 billion of current restricted cash associated with a portion of PT-FI's export proceeds required to be temporarily deposited in Indonesia banks for 90 days in accordance with a regulation issued by the Indonesia government. 
 
 Cash held at our international operations is generally used to support our foreign operations capital expenditures, operating expenses, debt repayments, working capital or other cash needs. Management believes that sufficient liquidity is available in the U.S. from cash balances and availability from our revolving credit facility. We have not elected to permanently reinvest earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, and we have recorded deferred tax liabilities for foreign earnings that are available to be repatriated to the U.S. From time to time, our foreign subsidiaries distribute earnings to the U.S. through dividends that are subject to applicable withholding taxes and noncontrolling interests share. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 Debt 
 At September 30, 2024, consolidated debt totaled 9.7 billion, with a weighted-average interest rate of 5.2 . Substantially all of our outstanding debt is fixed rate. 
 
 We have 0.7 billion in scheduled senior note maturities in November 2024, which we expect to redeem with cash on hand. Our next senior note maturities are in 2027. Our total debt has an average remaining duration of approximately 9 years. 
 
 Refer to Note 4 for further discussion. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 We generated operating cash flows of 5.7 billion for the first nine months of 2024 and 4.0 billion for the first nine months of 2023. Higher operating cash flows for the first nine months of 2024, compared with the first nine months of 2023, primarily reflects higher average realized copper and gold prices and higher gold sales volumes, as well as changes in accruals for international income taxes and other working capital changes related to PT-FI s tolling arrangement with PT Smelting. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Capital Expenditures. Capital expenditures, including capitalized interest, totaled 3.6 billion for the first nine months of 2024 and 3.5 billion for the first nine months of 2023, including amounts for major mining projects 1.3 billion for the first nine months of 2024 and 1.2 billion for the first nine months of 2023), primarily associated with underground development activities in the Grasberg minerals district, and for PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities 1.0 billion for the first nine months of 2024 and 1.3 billion for the first nine months of 2023). 
 
 Acquisition of additional ownership interest in Cerro Verde. In September 2024, we purchased 5.3 million shares of Cerro Verde common stock for a total cost of 210 million, increasing our ownership interest in Cerro Verde to 55.08 from 53.56 . 
 
 Loans to PT Smelting for Expansion. PT-FI made loans to PT Smelting totaling 28 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 109 million for the first nine months of 2023 to fund PT Smelting s expansion project. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Debt Transactions. Net proceeds from debt totaled 249 million for the first nine months of 2024, primarily related to borrowings under the PT-FI revolving credit facility that were used to fund capital expenditures for PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities. Net repayments of debt totaled 1.2 billion for the first nine months of 2023, including the repayment of our 3.875 Senior Notes that matured in March 2023 totaling 996 million and open-market purchases of senior notes totaling 221 million. 
 
 Cash Dividends on Common Stock. We paid cash dividends on our common stock totaling 0.6 billion during each of the first nine months of 2024 and 2023. The declaration and payment of dividends (base or variable) is at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our financial results, cash requirements, global economic conditions and other factors deemed relevant by our Board. Refer to Note 4, Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in Part I of our 2023 Form 10-K, Cautionary Statement below and the discussion of our financial policy above. 
 
 Cash Dividends and Distributions Paid to Noncontrolling Interests. Cash dividends and distributions paid to noncontrolling interests at our international operations totaled 1.3 billion (including 1.1 billion from PT-FI) for the first nine months of 2024 and 0.4 billion (including 0.2 billion from PT-FI) for the first nine months of 2023. Cash dividends and distributions to noncontrolling interests vary based on the operating results and cash requirements of our consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Treasury Stock Purchases. In July 2024, we acquired 1.2 million shares of our common stock for a total cost of 59 million. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 
 There have been no material changes in our contractual obligations since December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 13 and Part II, Items 7. and 7A. in our 2023 Form 10-K for information regarding our contractual obligations. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 CONTINGENCIES 
 
 Environmental Obligations and AROs 
 Our current and historical operating activities are subject to various environmental laws and regulations. We perform a comprehensive annual review of our environmental obligations and AROs and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. 
 
 As discussed in Note 7, we recorded net charges totaling 82 million for the first nine months of 2024, primarily associated with changes in cost estimates for former processing facilities and historical smelter sites. In addition, we recorded net ARO additions totaling 0.4 billion in the first nine months of 2024, including 0.3 billion at mining operations primarily associated with revised closure plans and cost estimates to reflect our commitment to the Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management and 0.1 billion at our oil and gas properties primarily associated with assumed abandonment obligations resulting from bankruptcies of other companies. 
 
 Refer to Note 12 of our 2023 Form 10-K for further information about contingencies associated with environmental matters and AROs. 
 
 Litigation and Other Contingencies 
 There have been no significant updates to our contingencies associated with legal proceedings, environmental and other matters since December 31, 2023, other than as disclosed in Note 7. Refer to Note 12 and Legal Proceedings contained in Part I, Item 3. of our 2023 Form 10-K, as updated by Note 7, for further information regarding litigation and other contingencies. 

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 
 There were no significant updates to previously reported accounting standards included in Note 1 of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 MD A is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We base these estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we consider reasonable under the circumstances; however, reported results could differ from those based on the current estimates under different assumptions or conditions. For a description of our critical accounting estimates that require us to make the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, refer to our 2023 Form 10-K. We have not changed any of these policies from those previously disclosed in that report. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 NET DEBT 
 
 We believe that net debt provides investors with information related to the performance-based payout framework in our financial policy, which requires us to maintain our net debt at a level not to exceed the net debt target of 3 billion to 4 billion, excluding debt for PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities. We define net debt as consolidated debt less (i) consolidated cash and cash equivalents and (ii) current restricted cash associated with PT-FI's export proceeds. This information differs from consolidated debt determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for consolidated debt determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our net debt, which may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies, follows (in millions): 
 As of September 30, 2024 
 Current portion of debt 769 Long-term debt, less current portion 8,910 Consolidated debt 9,679 Less: consolidated cash and cash equivalents 5,000 Less: current restricted cash associated with PT-FI s export proceeds 964 a 
 FCX net debt 3,715 Less: debt for PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities 3,232 b 
 FCX net debt, excluding debt for PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities 483 
 
 a. In accordance with a regulation issued by the Indonesia government, 30 of PT-FI s export proceeds are being temporarily deposited into Indonesia banks for a period of 90 days before withdrawal and are presented as current restricted cash and cash equivalents in our consolidated balance sheet. As the 90-day holding period is the only restriction on the cash, we have included such amount in the calculation of net debt. 
 b. Represents PT-FI s senior notes and 250 million of borrowings under PT-FI s revolving credit facility. 

PRODUCT REVENUES AND PRODUCTION COSTS 
 
 We believe unit net cash costs (credits) per pound of copper and molybdenum are measures that provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for the respective operations. We use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. This information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These measures are presented by other metals mining companies, although our measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
 
 We present gross profit per pound of copper in the following tables using both a by-product method and a co-product method. We use the by-product method in our presentation of gross profit per pound of copper because (i) the majority of our revenues are copper revenues, (ii) we mine ore, which contains copper, gold, molybdenum and other metals, (iii) it is not possible to specifically assign all of our costs to revenues from the copper, gold, molybdenum and other metals we produce and (iv) it is the method used by our management and Board to monitor our mining operations and to compare mining operations in certain industry publications. In the co-product method presentations, shared costs are allocated to the different products based on their relative revenue values, which will vary to the extent our metals sales volumes and realized prices change. 
 
 We show revenue adjustments for prior period open sales as a separate line item. Because these adjustments do not result from current period sales, these amounts have been reflected separately from revenues on current period sales. Noncash and other costs, net which are removed from site production and delivery costs in the calculation of unit net cash costs, consist of items such as accretion of AROs, inventory write-offs and adjustments, stock-based compensation costs, long-lived asset impairments, idle facility costs, feasibility and optimization study costs, restructuring and/or unusual charges. As discussed above, gold, molybdenum and other metal revenues at copper mines are reflected as credits against site production and delivery costs in the by-product method. The following schedules are presentations under both the by-product and co-product methods together with reconciliations to amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 North America Copper Mines Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash Costs 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In millions) By-Product Co-Product Method Method Copper Molybdenum a 
 Other b 
 Total Revenues, excluding adjustments 1,373 1,373 168 46 1,587 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 1,153 1,030 132 39 1,201 By-product credits (166) Treatment charges 42 40 2 42 Net cash costs 1,029 1,070 132 41 1,243 DD A 110 98 10 2 110 Noncash and other costs, net 51 c 
 48 3 51 Total costs 1,190 1,216 145 43 1,404 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales (1) (1) (1) Gross profit 182 156 23 3 182 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 317 317 Molybdenum sales (millions of recoverable pounds) a 
 8 Gross profit per pound of copper/molybdenum: Revenues, excluding adjustments 4.32 4.32 21.33 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 3.64 3.25 16.83 By-product credits (0.53) Treatment charges 0.13 0.12 Unit net cash costs 3.24 3.37 16.83 DD A 0.35 0.31 1.22 Noncash and other costs, net 0.16 c 
 0.15 0.40 Total unit costs 3.75 3.83 18.45 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales Gross profit per pound 0.57 0.49 2.88 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Revenues Production and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 1,587 1,201 110 Treatment charges (2) 40 Noncash and other costs, net 51 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales (1) Eliminations and other 7 11 (1) North America copper mines 1,591 1,303 109 Other mining d 
 6,766 4,191 477 Corporate, other eliminations (1,567) (1,417) 14 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 6,790 4,077 600 
 a. Reflects sales of molybdenum produced by certain of the North America copper mines to our molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing. 
 b. Includes gold and silver product revenues and production costs. 
 c. Includes charges totaling 18 million 0.06 per pound of copper) for feasibility and optimization studies. 
 d. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 North America Copper Mines Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash Costs 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In millions) By-Product Co-Product Method Method Copper Molybdenum a 
 Other b 
 Total Revenues, excluding adjustments 1,435 1,435 164 43 1,642 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 1,121 1,008 129 35 1,172 By-product credits (156) Treatment charges 39 37 2 39 Net cash costs 1,004 1,045 129 37 1,211 DD A 110 99 10 1 110 Noncash and other costs, net 53 c 
 48 4 1 53 Total costs 1,167 1,192 143 39 1,374 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 1 1 1 Gross profit 269 244 21 4 269 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 372 372 Molybdenum sales (millions of recoverable pounds) a 
 7 Gross profit per pound of copper/molybdenum: Revenues, excluding adjustments 3.86 3.86 22.01 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 3.01 2.71 17.35 By-product credits (0.41) Treatment charges 0.10 0.10 Unit net cash costs 
 2.70 2.81 17.35 DD A 0.30 0.26 1.33 Noncash and other costs, net 0.14 c 
 0.13 0.47 Total unit costs 
 3.14 3.20 19.15 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales Gross profit per pound 0.72 0.66 2.86 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Revenues Production and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 1,642 1,172 110 Treatment charges 39 Noncash and other costs, net 53 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 1 Eliminations and other 14 15 North America copper mines 1,657 1,279 110 Other mining d 
 5,764 3,865 405 Corporate, other eliminations (1,597) (1,591) 18 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 5,824 3,553 533 
 a. Reflects sales of molybdenum produced by certain of the North America copper mines to our molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing. 
 b. Includes gold and silver product revenues and production costs. 
 c. Includes charges totaling 28 million 0.08 per pound of copper) for feasibility and optimization studies. 
 d. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 North America Copper Mines Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash Costs Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In millions) By-Product Co-Product Method Method Copper Molybdenum a 
 Other b 
 Total Revenues, excluding adjustments 4,048 4,048 433 127 4,608 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 3,250 2,928 358 104 3,390 By-product credits (420) Treatment charges 125 120 5 125 Net cash costs 2,955 3,048 358 109 3,515 DD A 327 295 26 6 327 Noncash and other costs, net 133 c 
 123 9 1 133 Total costs 3,415 3,466 393 116 3,975 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales Gross profit 633 582 40 11 633 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 943 943 Molybdenum sales (millions of recoverable pounds) a 
 22 Gross profit per pound of copper/molybdenum: Revenues, excluding adjustments 4.29 4.29 19.97 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 3.45 3.10 16.52 By-product credits (0.45) Treatment charges 0.13 0.13 Unit net cash costs 3.13 3.23 16.52 DD A 0.35 0.32 1.23 Noncash and other costs, net 0.14 c 
 0.13 0.39 Total unit costs 3.62 3.68 18.14 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales Gross profit per pound 0.67 0.61 1.83 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Production Revenues and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 4,608 3,390 327 Treatment charges (4) 121 Noncash and other costs, net 133 Eliminations and other 25 34 North America copper mines 4,629 3,678 327 Other mining d 
 19,565 12,298 1,330 Corporate, other eliminations (4,459) (4,180) 47 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 19,735 11,796 1,704 
 a. Reflects sales of molybdenum produced by certain of the North America copper mines to our molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing. 
 b. Includes gold and silver product revenues and production costs. 
 c. Includes charges totaling 48 million 0.05 per pound of copper) for feasibility and optimization studies. 
 d. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 North America Copper Mines Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash Costs 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In millions) By-Product Co-Product Method Method Copper Molybdenum a 
 Other b 
 Total Revenues, excluding adjustments 4,159 
 4,159 576 129 4,864 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 3,097 2,729 417 113 3,259 By-product credits (543) Treatment charges 126 120 6 126 Net cash costs 2,680 2,849 417 119 3,385 DD A 312 276 30 6 312 Noncash and other costs, net 180 c 
 157 20 3 180 Total costs 3,172 3,282 467 128 3,877 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 13 13 13 Gross profit 1,000 890 109 1 1,000 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 1,048 1,048 Molybdenum sales (millions of recoverable pounds) a 
 23 Gross profit per pound of copper/molybdenum: Revenues, excluding adjustments 3.97 
 3.97 24.41 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 2.96 2.60 17.66 By-product credits (0.52) Treatment charges 0.12 0.12 Unit net cash costs 2.56 2.72 17.66 DD A 0.30 0.26 1.27 Noncash and other costs, net 0.17 c 
 0.15 0.87 Total unit costs 3.03 3.13 19.80 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 0.01 0.01 Gross profit per pound 0.95 0.85 4.61 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Production Revenues and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 4,864 3,259 312 Treatment charges (9) 117 Noncash and other costs, net 180 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 13 Eliminations and other 49 52 North America copper mines 4,917 3,608 312 Other mining d 
 16,832 11,306 1,117 Corporate, other eliminations (4,799) (4,647) 50 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 16,950 10,267 1,479 
 a. Reflects sales of molybdenum produced by certain of the North America copper mines to our molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing. 
 b. Includes gold and silver product revenues and production costs. 
 c. Includes charges totaling 81 million 0.08 per pound of copper) for feasibility and optimization studies. 
 d. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 South America Operations Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash Costs 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In millions) By-Product Co-Product Method Method Copper Other a 
 Total Revenues, excluding adjustments 1,257 1,257 122 1,379 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 776 b 
 711 78 789 By-product credits (109) Treatment charges 45 45 45 Royalty on metals 2 2 2 Net cash costs 714 758 78 836 DD A 109 99 10 109 Noncash and other costs, net 28 c 
 28 28 Total costs 851 885 88 973 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales (18) (18) (18) Gross profit 388 354 34 388 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 293 293 Gross profit per pound of copper: Revenues, excluding adjustments 4.29 4.29 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 2.65 b 
 2.43 By-product credits (0.37) Treatment charges 0.15 0.15 Royalty on metals 0.01 0.01 Unit net cash costs 2.44 2.59 DD A 0.37 0.34 Noncash and other costs, net 0.10 c 
 0.09 Total unit costs 2.91 3.02 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales (0.06) (0.06) Gross profit per pound 1.32 1.21 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Production Revenues and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 1,379 789 109 Treatment charges (45) Royalty on metals (2) Noncash and other costs, net 28 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales (18) Eliminations and other 2 1 South America operations 1,316 817 110 Other mining d 
 7,041 4,677 476 Corporate, other eliminations (1,567) (1,417) 14 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 6,790 4,077 600 
 a. Includes silver sales of 0.9 million ounces 30.59 per ounce average realized price). Also reflects sales of molybdenum produced by Cerro Verde to our molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing. 
 b. Includes nonrecurring labor-related charges totaling 34 million 0.12 per pound of copper) at Cerro Verde associated with the new CLAs with its two unions. 
 c. Includes charges totaling 18 million 0.06 per pound of copper) for feasibility studies. 
 d. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 South America Operations Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash Costs 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In millions) By-Product Co-Product Method Method Copper Other a 
 Total Revenues, excluding adjustments 1,159 1,159 145 1,304 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 790 712 93 805 By-product credits (130) Treatment charges 61 61 61 Royalty on metals 2 2 2 Net cash costs 723 775 93 868 DD A 110 98 12 110 Noncash and other costs, net 22 b 
 21 1 22 Total costs 855 894 106 1,000 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 2 2 2 Gross profit 306 267 39 306 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 307 307 Gross profit per pound of copper: Revenues, excluding adjustments 3.77 3.77 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 2.57 2.32 By-product credits (0.42) Treatment charges 0.19 0.19 Royalty on metals 0.01 0.01 Unit net cash costs 2.35 2.52 DD A 0.36 0.32 Noncash and other costs, net 0.07 b 
 0.07 Total unit costs 2.78 2.91 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 0.01 0.01 Gross profit per pound 1.00 0.87 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Production Revenues and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 1,304 805 110 Treatment charges (61) Royalty on metals (2) Noncash and other costs, net 22 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 2 Eliminations and other 1 1 South America operations 1,244 827 111 Other mining c 
 6,177 4,317 404 Corporate, other eliminations (1,597) (1,591) 18 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 5,824 3,553 533 
 a. Includes silver sales of 1.1 million ounces 23.31 per ounce average realized price). Also reflects sales of molybdenum produced by Cerro Verde to our molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing. 
 b. Includes charges totaling 11 million 0.03 per pound of copper) for feasibility studies. 
 c. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 South America Operations Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash Costs 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In millions) By-Product Co-Product Method Method Copper Other a 
 Total Revenues, excluding adjustments 3,737 3,737 342 4,079 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 2,347 b 
 2,169 217 2,386 By-product credits (302) Treatment charges 144 144 144 Royalty on metals 6 5 1 6 Net cash costs 2,195 2,318 218 2,536 DD A 331 303 28 331 Noncash and other costs, net 66 c 
 64 2 66 Total costs 2,592 2,685 248 2,933 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 33 33 (1) 32 Gross profit 1,178 1,085 93 1,178 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 879 879 Gross profit per pound of copper: Revenues, excluding adjustments 4.25 4.25 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 2.67 b 
 2.47 By-product credits (0.34) Treatment charges 0.16 0.16 Royalty on metals 0.01 0.01 Unit net cash costs 2.50 2.64 DD A 0.38 0.35 Noncash and other costs, net 0.07 c 
 0.07 Total unit costs 2.95 3.06 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 0.04 0.04 Gross profit per pound 1.34 1.23 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Production Revenues and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 4,079 2,386 331 Treatment charges (144) Royalty on metals (6) Noncash and other costs, net 66 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 32 Eliminations and other 2 (2) 1 South America operations 3,963 2,450 332 Other mining d 
 20,231 13,526 1,325 Corporate, other eliminations (4,459) (4,180) 47 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 19,735 11,796 1,704 
 a. Includes silver sales of 2.7 million ounces 29.18 per ounce average realized price). Also reflects sales of molybdenum produced by Cerro Verde to FCX s molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing. 
 b. Includes nonrecurring labor-related charges totaling 99 million 0.11 per pound of copper) at Cerro Verde associated with the new CLAs with its two unions. 
 c. Includes charges totaling 41 million 0.05 per pound of copper) for feasibility studies. 
 d. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 South America Operations Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash Costs Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In millions) By-Product Co-Product Method Method Copper Other a 
 Total Revenues, excluding adjustments 3,492 3,492 447 3,939 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 2,297 2,074 272 2,346 By-product credits (401) Treatment charges 179 179 179 Royalty on metals 6 5 1 6 Net cash costs 2,081 2,258 273 2,531 DD A 350 310 40 350 Noncash and other costs, net 72 b 
 67 5 72 Total costs 2,503 2,635 318 2,953 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 71 71 3 74 Gross profit 1,060 928 132 1,060 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 913 913 Gross profit per pound of copper: Revenues, excluding adjustments 3.82 3.82 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 2.51 2.26 By-product credits (0.44) Treatment charges 0.20 0.20 Royalty on metals 0.01 0.01 Unit net cash costs 2.28 2.47 DD A 0.38 0.34 Noncash and other costs, net 0.08 b 
 0.07 Total unit costs 2.74 2.88 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 0.08 0.08 Gross profit per pound 1.16 1.02 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Production Revenues and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 3,939 2,346 350 Treatment charges (179) Royalty on metals (6) Noncash and other costs, net 72 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 74 Eliminations and other (1) South America operations 3,828 2,417 350 Other mining c 
 17,921 12,497 1,079 Corporate, other eliminations (4,799) (4,647) 50 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 16,950 10,267 1,479 
 a. Includes silver sales of 3.2 million ounces 23.51 per ounce average realized price). Also reflects sales of molybdenum produced by Cerro Verde to our molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing. 
 b. Includes charges totaling 30 million 0.03 per pound of copper) for feasibility studies. 
 c. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Indonesia Operations Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash (Credits) Costs 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In millions) Co-Product Method By-Product Method Copper Gold Silver Other a 
 Total Revenues, excluding adjustments 1,826 1,826 1,421 68 3,315 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 774 426 332 16 774 Gold, silver and other by-product credits (1,493) Treatment charges 157 87 67 3 157 Export duties 129 71 55 3 129 Royalty on metals 129 74 53 2 129 Net cash (credits) costs (304) 658 507 24 1,189 DD A 340 187 146 7 340 Noncash and other costs, net 52 b 
 29 22 1 52 Total costs 88 874 675 32 1,581 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales (14) (14) 4 (10) Gross profit 1,724 938 750 36 1,724 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 426 426 Gold sales (thousands of recoverable ounces) 554 Gross profit per pound of copper/per ounce of gold: Revenues, excluding adjustments 4.29 4.29 2,569 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 1.82 1.00 599 Gold, silver and other by-product credits (3.50) Treatment charges 0.37 0.20 122 Export duties 0.30 0.17 99 Royalty on metals 0.30 0.17 95 Unit net cash (credits) costs (0.71) 1.54 915 DD A 0.80 0.44 263 Noncash and other costs, net 0.12 b 
 0.07 41 Total unit costs 0.21 2.05 1,219 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales (0.03) (0.03) 6 Gross profit per pound/ounce 4.05 2.21 1,356 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Production Revenues and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 3,315 774 340 Treatment charges (65) 92 c 
 Export duties (129) Royalty on metals (129) Noncash and other costs, net 52 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales (10) Indonesia operations 2,982 918 340 Other mining d 
 5,375 4,576 246 Corporate, other eliminations (1,567) (1,417) 14 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 6,790 4,077 600 
 a. Includes silver sales of 2.1 million ounces 30.11 per ounce average realized price). 
 b. Includes charges totaling 39 million 0.09 per pound of copper) for operational readiness and start-up costs associated with PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities, and 5 million 0.01 per pound of copper) for feasibility and optimization studies. 
 c. Represents tolling costs paid to PT Smelting. 
 d. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Indonesia Operations Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash Costs 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In millions) Co-Product Method By-Product Method Copper Gold Silver Other a 
 Total Revenues, excluding adjustments 1,621 1,621 749 32 2,402 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 612 413 191 8 612 Gold, silver and other by-product credits (785) Treatment charges 138 93 43 2 138 Export duties 147 99 46 2 147 Royalty on metals 78 52 25 1 78 Net cash costs 190 657 305 13 975 DD A 271 183 84 4 271 Noncash and other costs, net 8 b 
 6 2 8 Total costs 469 846 391 17 1,254 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 1 1 3 1 5 Gross profit 1,153 776 361 16 1,153 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 430 430 Gold sales (thousands of recoverable ounces) 395 Gross profit per pound of copper/per ounce of gold: Revenues, excluding adjustments 3.77 3.77 1,898 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 1.42 
 0.96 484 Gold, silver and other by-product credits (1.83) Treatment charges 0.32 0.22 109 Export duties 0.34 0.23 116 Royalty on metals 0.19 0.12 64 Unit net cash costs 0.44 1.53 773 DD A 0.63 0.43 214 Noncash and other costs, net 0.02 b 
 0.01 6 Total unit costs 1.09 1.97 993 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 8 Gross profit per pound/ounce 2.68 1.80 913 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Production Revenues and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 2,402 612 271 Treatment charges (87) 51 c 
 Export duties (147) Royalty on metals (78) Noncash and other costs, net 8 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 5 Eliminations and other 1 Indonesia operations 2,095 672 271 Other mining d 
 5,326 4,472 244 Corporate, other eliminations (1,597) (1,591) 18 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 5,824 3,553 533 
 a. Includes silver sales of 1.3 million ounces 22.96 per ounce average realized price). 
 b. Includes charges totaling 3 million 0.01 per pound of copper) for feasibility and optimization studies. 
 c. Primarily represents tolling costs paid to PT Smelting. 
 d. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Indonesia Operations Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash (Credits) Costs 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In millions) Co-Product Method By-Product Method Copper Gold Silver Other a 
 Total Revenues, excluding adjustments 5,325 5,325 3,477 169 8,971 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 2,062 1,224 799 39 2,062 Gold, silver and other by-product credits (3,645) Treatment charges 453 269 176 8 453 Export duties 360 213 140 7 360 Royalty on metals 338 203 130 5 338 Net cash (credits) costs (432) 1,909 1,245 59 3,213 DD A 923 548 358 17 923 Noncash and other costs, net 139 b 
 82 54 3 139 Total costs 630 2,539 1,657 79 4,275 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 6 6 (1) 5 Gross profit 4,701 2,792 1,819 90 4,701 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 1,256 1,256 Gold sales (thousands of recoverable ounces) 1,474 Gross profit per pound of copper/per ounce of gold: Revenues, excluding adjustments 4.24 4.24 2,362 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 1.64 0.98 542 Gold, silver and other by-product credits (2.90) Treatment charges 0.36 0.21 119 Export duties 0.29 0.17 95 Royalty on metals 0.27 0.16 89 Unit net cash (credits) costs (0.34) 1.52 845 DD A 0.73 0.44 243 Noncash and other costs, net 0.11 b 
 0.06 36 Total unit costs 0.50 2.02 1,124 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales (3) Gross profit per pound/ounce 3.74 2.22 1,235 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Production Revenues and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 8,971 2,062 923 Treatment charges (203) 250 c 
 Export duties (360) Royalty on metals (338) Noncash and other costs, net 139 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 5 Indonesia operations 8,075 2,451 923 Other mining d 
 16,119 13,525 734 Corporate, other eliminations (4,459) (4,180) 47 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 19,735 11,796 1,704 
 a. Includes silver sales of 5.5 million ounces 28.01 per ounce average realized price). 
 b. Includes charges totaling (i) 74 million 0.06 per pound of copper) for operational readiness and start-up costs associated with PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities, (ii) 34 million 0.03 per pound of copper) related to amounts capitalized in prior years associated with the construction of PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities, and (iii) 22 million 0.02 per pound of copper) for feasibility and optimization studies. 
 c. Represents tolling costs paid to PT Smelting. 
 d. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Indonesia Operations Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash Costs 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In millions) Co-Product Method By-Product Method Copper Gold Silver Other a 
 Total Revenues, excluding adjustments 3,860 3,860 2,227 106 6,193 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 1,736 
 1,082 624 30 1,736 Gold, silver and other by-product credits (2,350) Treatment charges 362 226 130 6 362 Export duties 165 103 59 3 165 Royalty on metals 228 144 81 3 228 Net cash costs 141 1,555 894 42 2,491 DD A 694 433 249 12 694 Noncash and other costs, net 115 b 
 71 42 2 115 Total costs 950 2,059 1,185 56 3,300 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 114 114 18 (1) 131 PT Smelting intercompany profit 112 70 40 2 112 Gross profit 3,136 1,985 1,100 51 3,136 Copper sales (millions of recoverable pounds) 1,014 1,014 Gold sales (thousands of recoverable ounces) 1,153 Gross profit per pound of copper/per ounce of gold: Revenues, excluding adjustments 3.81 3.81 1,932 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 1.71 1.07 542 Gold, silver and other by-product credits (2.32) Treatment charges 0.36 0.22 113 Export duties 0.16 0.10 51 Royalty on metals 0.23 0.14 70 Unit net cash costs 0.14 1.53 776 DD A 0.69 0.43 216 Noncash and other costs, net 0.11 b 
 0.07 36 Total unit costs 0.94 2.03 1,028 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 0.11 0.11 15 PT Smelting intercompany profit 0.11 0.07 35 Gross profit per pound/ounce 3.09 1.96 954 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Production Revenues and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 6,193 1,736 694 Treatment charges (231) 131 c 
 Export duties (165) Royalty on metals (228) Noncash and other costs, net 115 Other revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales 131 PT Smelting intercompany profit (112) Eliminations and other 1 Indonesia operations 5,700 1,871 694 Other mining d 
 16,049 13,043 735 Corporate, other eliminations (4,799) (4,647) 50 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 16,950 10,267 1,479 
 a. Includes silver sales of 4.0 million ounces 23.37 per ounce average realized price). 
 b. Includes a charge of 55 million 0.05 per pound of copper) associated with a potential administrative fine and 22 million 0.02 per pound of copper) for feasibility and optimization studies. 
 c. Primarily represents tolling costs paid to PT Smelting. 
 d. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Molybdenum Mines Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash Costs 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Revenues, excluding adjustments a 
 138 153 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 131 116 Treatment charges and other 6 6 Net cash costs 137 122 DD A 19 14 Noncash and other costs, net 9 
 4 Total costs 165 140 Gross (loss) profit (27) 13 Molybdenum sales (millions of recoverable pounds) a 
 6 7 Gross (loss) profit per pound of molybdenum: Revenues, excluding adjustments a 
 21.20 22.58 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 20.15 17.20 Treatment charges and other 0.91 0.87 Unit net cash costs 21.06 18.07 DD A 2.85 2.13 Noncash and other costs, net 1.46 
 0.53 Total unit costs 25.37 20.73 Gross (loss) profit per pound (4.17) 1.85 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Production Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Revenues and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 138 131 19 Treatment charges and other (6) Noncash and other costs, net 9 Molybdenum mines 132 140 19 Other mining b 
 8,225 5,354 567 Corporate, other eliminations c 
 (1,567) (1,417) 14 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 6,790 4,077 600 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Totals presented above 153 116 14 Treatment charges and other (6) Noncash and other costs, net 4 Molybdenum mines 147 120 14 Other mining b 
 7,274 5,024 501 Corporate, other eliminations c 
 (1,597) (1,591) 18 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 5,824 3,553 533 
 a. Reflects sales of the Molybdenum mines production to our molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing. On a consolidated basis, realizations are based on the actual contract terms for sales to third parties; as a result, our consolidated average realized price per pound of molybdenum will differ from the amounts reported in this table. 
 b. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 
 c. Includes amounts associated with our molybdenum sales company, which includes sales of molybdenum produced by the Molybdenum mines and by certain of the North America copper mines and South America operations. 

64 

Table of Contents 

 Molybdenum Mines Product Revenues, Production Costs and Unit Net Cash Costs 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Revenues, excluding adjustments a 
 434 539 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 376 308 Treatment charges and other 19 19 Net cash costs 395 327 DD A 51 48 Noncash and other costs, net 17 13 Total costs 463 388 Gross (loss) profit (29) 151 Molybdenum sales (millions of recoverable pounds) a 
 21 22 Gross (loss) profit per pound of molybdenum: Revenues, excluding adjustments a 
 20.40 25.17 Site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below 17.71 14.39 Treatment charges and other 0.88 0.86 Unit net cash costs 18.59 15.25 DD A 2.39 2.26 Noncash and other costs, net 0.80 0.61 Total unit costs 21.78 18.12 Gross (loss) profit per pound (1.38) 7.05 Reconciliation to Amounts Reported Production Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Revenues and Delivery DD A Totals presented above 434 376 51 Treatment charges and other (19) Noncash and other costs, net 17 Molybdenum mines 415 393 51 Other mining b 
 23,779 15,583 1,606 Corporate, other eliminations c 
 (4,459) (4,180) 47 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 19,735 11,796 1,704 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Totals presented above 539 308 48 Treatment charges and other (19) Noncash and other costs, net 13 Molybdenum mines 520 321 48 Other mining b 
 21,229 14,593 1,381 Corporate, other eliminations c 
 (4,799) (4,647) 50 As reported in our consolidated financial statements 16,950 10,267 1,479 
 a. Reflects sales of the Molybdenum mines production to our molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing. On a consolidated basis, realizations are based on the actual contract terms for sales to third parties; as a result, our consolidated average realized price per pound of molybdenum will differ from the amounts reported in this table. 
 b. Represents the combined total for our other segments as presented in Note 8. 
 c. Includes amounts associated with our molybdenum sales company, which includes sales of molybdenum produced by the Molybdenum mines and by certain of the North America copper mines and South America operations. 

65 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 
 Our discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements in which we discuss our potential future performance, operations and projects. Forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of historical facts, such as plans, projections, or expectations relating to business outlook, strategy, goals or targets; global market conditions; ore grades and milling rates; production and sales volumes; unit net cash costs (credits) and operating costs; capital expenditures; operating plans (including mine sequencing); cash flows; liquidity; PT-FI s commissioning, remediation, including expected costs, insurance recovery and timing, and ramp up of its new smelter and completion and full production at the PMR; potential extension of PT-FI s IUPK beyond 2041; export licenses, export duties and export volumes, including the ability to continue exports of copper concentrates in Indonesia until full ramp-up is achieved at PT-FI s new downstream processing facilities, including the ability to increase the permitted export quota for 2024; timing of shipments of inventoried production; our commitment to deliver responsibly produced copper and molybdenum, including plans to implement, validate and maintain validation of our operating sites under specific frameworks; execution of our energy and climate strategies and the underlying assumptions and estimated impacts on our business and stakeholders related thereto; achievement of 2030 climate targets and 2050 net zero aspiration; improvements in operating procedures and technology innovations and applications; exploration efforts and results; development and production activities, rates and costs; future organic growth opportunities; tax rates; the impact of copper, gold and molybdenum price changes; the impact of deferred intercompany profits on earnings; mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates; final resolution of settlements associated with ongoing legal and environmental proceedings; debt repurchases; and the ongoing implementation of our financial policy and future returns to shareholders, including dividend payments (base or variable) and share repurchases. The words anticipates, may, can, plans, believes, estimates, expects, projects, targets, intends, likely, will, should, could, to be, potential, assumptions, guidance, aspirations, future, commitments, pursues, initiatives, objectives, opportunities, strategy and any similar expressions are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. The declaration and payment of dividends (base or variable), and timing and amount of any share repurchases are at the discretion of our Board and management, respectively, and are subject to a number of factors, including not exceeding our net debt target, capital availability, our financial results, cash requirements, global economic conditions, changes in laws, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our Board or management, as applicable. Our share repurchase program may be modified, increased, suspended or terminated at any time at the Board s discretion. 
 
 We caution readers that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from those anticipated, expected, projected or assumed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that can cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, supply of and demand for, and prices of the commodities we produce, primarily copper and gold; PT-FI s ability to continue to export and sell or inventory copper concentrates and anode slimes through remediation or completion, as applicable, and full ramp-up of its new downstream processing facilities; changes in export duties; completion of remediation activities and achieving full ramp-up of the new smelter in Indonesia; completion and full production at the PMR; production rates; timing of shipments; price and availability of consumables and components we purchase as well as constraints on supply and logistics, and transportation services; changes in our cash requirements, financial position, financing or investment plans; changes in general market, economic, geopolitical, regulatory or industry conditions; reductions in liquidity and access to capital; changes in tax laws and regulations; political and social risks, including the potential effects of violence in Indonesia, civil unrest in Peru, and relations with local communities and Indigenous Peoples; operational risks inherent in mining, with higher inherent risks in underground mining; mine sequencing; changes in mine plans or operational modifications, delays, deferrals or cancellations, including the ability to smelt and refine or inventory; results of technical, economic or feasibility studies; potential inventory adjustments; potential impairment of long-lived mining assets; satisfaction of requirements in accordance with PT-FI's IUPK to extend mining rights from 2031 through 2041; process relating to the extension of PT-FI s IUPK beyond 2041; cybersecurity risks; any major public health crisis; labor relations, including labor-related work stoppages and increased costs; compliance with applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations; weather- and climate-related risks; environmental risks, including availability of secure water supplies; litigation results; tailings management; our ability to comply with our responsible production commitments under specific frameworks; and any changes to such frameworks and other factors described in more detail under the heading Risk Factors contained in Part I, Item 1A. of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Investors are cautioned that many of the assumptions upon which our forward-looking statements are based are likely to change after the date the forward-looking statements are made, including for example commodity prices, 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 which we cannot control, and production volumes and costs or technological solutions and innovations, some aspects of which we may not be able to control. Further, we may make changes to our business plans that could affect our results. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made, notwithstanding any changes in our assumptions, changes in business plans, actual experience or other changes. 
 
 This report on Form 10-Q also contains measures such as net debt and unit net cash costs (credits) per pound of copper and molybdenum, which are not recognized under U.S. GAAP. Refer to Operations Unit Net Cash Costs and Operations Unit Net Cash (Credits) Costs for further discussion of unit net cash costs (credits) associated with our operating divisions, and to Product Revenues and Production Costs for reconciliations of per pound costs (credits) by operating division to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements. Refer to Net Debt for reconciliations of consolidated debt, consolidated cash and cash equivalents, and current restricted cash associated with PT-FI s export proceeds to net debt. For forward-looking unit net cash costs (credits) per pound of copper and molybdenum measures, we are unable to provide a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure without unreasonable effort because estimating such GAAP measures and providing a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and requires a level of precision that is unavailable for these future periods and the information needed to reconcile these measures is dependent upon future events, many of which are outside of our control as described above. Forward-looking non-GAAP measures are estimated consistent with the relevant definitions and assumptions. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 There have been no material changes in our market risks during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. For additional information on market risks, refer to Disclosures About Market Risks included in Part II, Items 7. and 7A. of our 2023 Form 10-K. For projected sensitivities of our operating cash flow to changes in commodity prices, refer to Outlook in Part I, Item 2. of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q; for projected sensitivities of our provisionally priced copper sales to changes in commodity prices refer to Consolidated Results Revenues in Part I, Item 2. of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, with the participation of management, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Based on their evaluation, they have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 (b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 We are involved in numerous legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business or are associated with environmental issues. We are also involved periodically in reviews, inquiries, investigations and other proceedings initiated by or involving government agencies, some of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. 
 
 Management does not believe, based on currently available information, that the outcome of any legal proceeding reported in Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Note 12 of our 2023 Form 10-K, as updated by Note 7 herein, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition; although individual or cumulative outcomes could be material to our operating results for a particular period, depending on the nature and magnitude of the outcome and the operating results for the period. 
 
 There have been no material changes to legal proceedings previously disclosed in Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Note 12 of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 There have been no material changes to our risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2023 Form 10-K. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to shares of FCX common stock purchased by us during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 , and the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased pursuant to our share repurchase program: 
 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price Paid Per Share (c) Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs a 
 (d) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May 
 Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs a 
 July 1-31, 2024 1,166,703 50.48 1,166,703 3,105,744,136 August 1-31, 2024 3,105,744,136 September 1-30, 2024 3,105,744,136 Total 1,166,703 50.48 1,166,703 
 a. On November 1, 2021, our Board approved a share repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to 3.0 billion of our common stock. On July 19, 2022, our Board authorized an increase in the share repurchase program up to 5.0 billion. The share repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific amount of shares and does not have an expiration date. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Our highest priority is the health, safety and well-being of our workforce. We believe health and safety considerations are integral to, and fundamental for, all other functions in our organization, and we understand that the health and safety of our workforce is critical to our operational efficiency and long-term success. Our global health and safety strategy, Safe Production Matters, is focused on fatality prevention, eliminating systemic root causes of incidents and continuous improvement through robust management systems, which are supported by leaders empowering our teams to work safely. Foundational to our Safe Production Matters strategy is our Fatal Risk Management (FRM) program. The goal of our FRM program is to achieve zero workplace fatalities by raising awareness to fatal risks and the measures necessary to mitigate them. The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95.1 to this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of FCX or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as such terms are defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Filed Exhibit with this Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Title Form 10-Q Form File No. Date Filed 2.1 
 PT-FI Divestment Agreement dated as of September 27, 2018 among FCX, International Support LLC, PT Freeport Indonesia, PT Indocopper Investama and PT Indonesia Asahan Aluminium (Persero). 10-Q 001-11307-01 11/9/2018 2.2 
 Supplemental and Amendment Agreement to the PT-FI Divestment Agreement, dated December 21, 2018, among FCX, PT Freeport Indonesia, PT Indonesia Papua Metal Dan Mineral (f/k/a PT Indocopper Investama), PT Indonesia Asahan Aluminium (Persero) and International Support LLC. 10-K 001-11307-01 2/15/2019 3.1 
 Composite Certificate of Incorporation of FCX. 10-Q 001-11307-01 8/7/2024 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of FCX, effective as of June 11, 2024. 8-K 001-11307-01 6/12/2024 4.1 
 Description of Common Stock of FCX. 10-Q 001-11307-01 8/7/2024 15.1 
 Letter from Ernst Young LLP regarding unaudited interim financial statements. X 22.1 
 List of Subsidiary Guarantors and Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities. 
 10-K 001-11307-01 2/16/2024 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). X 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). X 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. X 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350. X 95.1 
 Mine Safety and Health Administration Safety Data. X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the XBRL Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. X 104 The cover page from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. X 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURE 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Freeport-McMoRan Inc. By: /s/ Ellie L. Mikes Ellie L. Mikes Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (authorized signatory and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: November 8, 2024 
 S-1 

<EX-15.1>
 2
 a3q2024exhibit151.htm
 EX-15.1

Document 

Exhibit 15.1 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 
 
 We are aware of the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-115292) pertaining to the Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. 2004 Director Compensation Plan, 
 2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-136084) pertaining to the Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, 
 3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-147413) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, 
 4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-189047) pertaining to the Plains Exploration & Production Company 2010 Incentive Award Plan the Plains Exploration & Production 2004 Stock Incentive Plan the McMoRan Exploration Co. Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Incentive Plan the McMoRan Exploration Co. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated the McMoRan Exploration Co. 2004 Director Compensation Plan, as amended and restated the McMoRan Exploration Co. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated the McMoRan Exploration Co. 2001 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated the McMoRan Exploration Co. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated the McMoRan Exploration Co. 1998 Stock Option Plan, as amended and restated and the McMoRan Exploration Co. 1998 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended and restated, 
 5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-212523) pertaining to the Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, and 
 6) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-281355) pertaining to the Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 2024 
 Automatic Shelf Registration Statement, as amended 
 
 of our report dated November 8, 2024 relating to the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of Freeport-McMoRan Inc. that is included in its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Phoenix, Arizona 
 November 8, 2024 

</EX-15.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 a3q2024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification 
 
 I, Kathleen L. Quirk, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 8, 2024 
 By s Kathleen L. Quirk 
 Kathleen L. Quirk President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 a3q2024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification 
 
 I, Maree E. Robertson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Freeport-McMoRan Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 8, 2024 
 By s Maree E. Robertson Maree E. Robertson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 a3q2024exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 (Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Kathleen L. Quirk, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of her knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 8, 2024 
 By s Kathleen L. Quirk 
 Kathleen L. Quirk President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 a3q2024exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 (Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Maree E. Robertson, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of her knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 8, 2024 
 By s Maree E. Robertson 
 Maree E. Robertson 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95.1>
 7
 a3q2024exhibit951.htm
 EX-95.1

Document 

Exhibit 95.1 
 
 Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) Safety Data 

FCX's U.S. mining operations are subject to regulations issued by MSHA under the U.S. Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act). MSHA inspects our U.S. mines on a regular basis and issues various citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under the Mine Act. Whenever MSHA issues a citation or order, it also generally proposes a civil penalty, or fine, related to the alleged violation. Citations or orders can be contested and appealed, and as part of that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. The number of citations, orders and proposed assessments varies depending on the size and type (underground or surface) of the mine, among other factors. 
 
 The following disclosures have been provided pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 
 Mine Safety Data . Following provides additional information about references used in the following table to describe the categories of violations, orders or citations issued by MSHA under the Mine Act 
 
 Section 104 S&S Citations Citations issued by MSHA under Section 104(a) of the Mine Act for violations of health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a serious injury if left unabated. 
 
 Section 104(b) Orders Orders issued under Section 104(b) of the Mine Act, which represent a failure to abate a citation under Section 104(a) within the period prescribed by MSHA. This results in an order of immediate withdrawal from the area of the mine affected by the condition until MSHA determines that the violation has been abated. 
 
 Section 104(d) Citations and Orders Citations and orders issued by MSHA under Section 104(d) of the Mine Act for unwarrantable failure to comply with mandatory health or safety standards. These types of violations could significantly and substantially contribute to a serious injury however, the conditions do not cause imminent danger (refer to discussion of imminent danger orders below). 
 
 Section 110(b)(2) Violations Flagrant violations identified by MSHA under Section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act. The term flagrant with respect to a violation is defined as a reckless or repeated failure to make reasonable efforts to eliminate a known violation of a mandatory health or safety standard that substantially and proximately caused, or reasonably could have expected to cause, death or serious bodily injury. 
 
 Section 107(a) Orders Orders issued by MSHA under Section 107(a) of the Mine Act for situations in which MSHA determined an imminent danger existed. Orders issued under Section 107(a) of the Mine Act require the operator of the mine to cause all persons (except authorized persons) to be withdrawn from the mine until the imminent danger and the conditions that caused such imminent danger cease to exist. 

The following table details the violations, citations and orders issued to us by MSHA during the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 Potential to Have Pattern of Pattern of Section Violations Violation Section Section 104(d) Section Section Mining Under Under 104 S&S 104(b) Citations 110(b)(2) 107(a) Proposed Related Section Section Citations Orders and Orders Violations Orders Assessments Fatalities 104(e) 104(e) Mine ID (1) 
 Mine or Operation Name (#) (#) (#) (#) (#) ) (#) (yes no) (yes no) 0200137 Freeport-McMoRan Bagdad Inc. (Bagdad) No No 2900708 Freeport-McMoRan Chino Mines Company (Chino) 1 9,225 No No 0200112 Freeport-McMoRan Miami Inc (Miami) No No 0200024 Freeport-McMoRan Morenci Inc (Morenci) No No 0203131 Freeport-McMoRan Safford Inc (Safford) No No 0200144 Freeport-McMoRan Sierrita Inc (Sierrita) No No 2900159 Tyrone Mine (Tyrone) No No 0500790 Henderson Operations (Henderson) 3 9,505 No No 0502256 Climax Mine (Climax) 8 23,635 No No Freeport-McMoRan Cobre Mining Company 2900725 Open Pit & Continental Surf Comp No No 2900731 Continental Mill Complex 
 No No 0201656 Copper Queen Branch No No 0202579 Cyprus Tohono Corporation No No 0203262 Twin Buttes Mine No No 2902395 Chieftain 2100 Screening Plant No No 0203254 Warrior 1800 Screening Plant No No 
 (1) MSHA assigns an identification number to each mine or operation and may or may not assign separate identification numbers to related facilities. 

Pending Legal Actions . The following table provides a summary of legal actions pending before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (the Commission) as of September 30, 2024, as well as the aggregate number of legal actions instituted and resolved during third-quarter 2024. The Commission is an independent adjudicative agency established by the Mine Act that provides administrative trial and appellate review of legal disputes arising under the Mine Act. These cases may involve, among other questions, challenges by operators to citations, orders and penalties they have received from MSHA, or complaints of discrimination by miners under Section 105 of the Mine Act. 

The following provides additional information of the types of proceedings that may be brought before the Commission 
 Contest Proceedings - A contest proceeding may be filed by an operator to challenge the issuance of a citation or order issued by MSHA. 
 Civil Penalty Proceedings - A civil penalty proceeding may be filed by an operator to challenge a civil penalty MSHA has proposed for a violation contained in a citation or order. FCX does not institute civil penalty proceedings based solely on the assessment amount of proposed penalties. Any initiated adjudications described in the table below address substantive matters of law and policy instituted on conditions that are alleged to be in violation of mandatory standards or the Mine Act. 
 Discrimination Proceedings - Involves a miner's allegation that he or she has suffered adverse employment action because he or she engaged in an activity protected under the Mine Act, such as making a safety complaint. Also includes temporary reinstatement proceedings involving cases in which a miner has filed a complaint with MSHA stating that he or she has suffered discrimination and the miner has lost his or her position. 
 Compensation Proceedings - A compensation proceeding may be filed by miners entitled to compensation when a mine is closed by certain closure orders issued by MSHA. The purpose of the proceeding is to determine the amount of compensation, if any, due to miners idled by the orders. 
 Temporary Relief - Applications for temporary relief are applications filed under Section 105(b)(2) of the Mine Act for temporary relief from any modification or termination of any order. 
 Appeals - An appeal may be filed by an operator to challenge judges decisions or orders to the Commission, including petitions for discretionary review and review by the Commission on its own motion. 
 Legal Actions Pending at September 30, 2024 Contest Civil Penalty Discrimination Compensation Temporary Legal Actions Legal Actions Proceedings Proceedings Proceedings Proceedings Relief Appeals Total Instituted (2) 
 Resolved (3) 
 Mine ID (1) 
 (#) (#) (#) (#) (#) (#) (#) (#) (#) 0200137 2900708 0200112 0200024 2 2 1 0203131 0200144 2900159 0500790 0502256 2900725 2900731 0201656 0202579 0203262 2902395 0203254 
 (1) MSHA assigns an identification number to each mine or operation and may or may not assign separate identification numbers to related facilities. Refer to Mine Safety Data table for related mine or operation name. 
 (2) Legal actions pending at September 30, 2024, and legal actions instituted during third-quarter 2024 are based on the date that a docket number was assigned to the proceeding. 
 (3) Legal actions resolved during third-quarter 2024 are based on the date that the settlement motion resolving disputed matters is filed with the Commission, and the matter is effectively closed by MSHA. 

</EX-95.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fcx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fcx-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fcx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fcx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fcx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

