<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1618694_0001398344-24-020677.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3778536</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>221894</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>777571</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1324767</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>556929</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>728611</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001398344-24-020677.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113165026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001398344-24-020677
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001618694
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				472016837
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01094
		FILM NUMBER:		241455276

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		330 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 739 9282

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		330 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170914

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150609

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Carey Credit Income Fund 2015 T
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141028

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001398344-24-020677.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 fp0090990-2_10qixbrl.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: None 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] No [ ] 

I ndicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). [ ] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 [ ] 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 [ ] 

[X] 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report . [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] [X] 

The number of the Registrant s
common shares outstanding as of November 13, 2024 was . 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T 

 INDEX 

PAGE 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 

Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 

Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 

Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 

Notes to the Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 21 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 21 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 22 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 22 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 22 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 22 
 
 Signatures 
 23 
 
 Exhibits Index 
 24 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q, or this Report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in Item 2 of Part I of this Report, contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements generally are characterized by the use of terms such as may, 
 should, plan, anticipate, estimate, intend, predict, believe, 
 expect, will, will be, and project or the negative of these terms or other comparable
terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions,
our actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Some factors that might cause such
a difference include the following: increased direct competition; changes in government regulations or accounting rules; changes in local,
national, and global economic conditions and capital market conditions; availability of proceeds from our offering of common shares; and
the performance of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund (the Master Fund and its common shares that we own. Our actual results could
differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason. You should exercise caution in relying
on forward-looking statements as they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may materially affect our
future results, performance, achievements or transactions. Information on factors which could impact actual results and cause them to
differ from what is anticipated in the forward-looking statements contained herein is included in this Report as well as in our other
filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including but not limited to those described in Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report and in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2023, that was filed on March 22, 2024. Moreover, because we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, new risks
are likely to emerge from time to time. Given these uncertainties, we caution you not to place undue reliance on such statements, which
apply only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions,
the occurrence of unanticipated events, or changes to future operating results over time unless otherwise required by law. The forward-looking
statements should be read in light of the risk factors identified in Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report
and in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, that was filed on March 22, 2024. The
forward-looking statements and projections contained in this Report are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A
of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. 

All references to Note 
or Notes throughout this Report refer to the footnotes to the financial statements presented in Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) . 

Unless otherwise noted, the
terms we, us, our, and the Company refer to Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016T.
Other capitalized terms used in this Report have the same meaning as in the accompanying financial statements presented in Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) , unless otherwise defined herein. Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC is referred
to as Guggenheim or the Advisor throughout this Report. 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T 

 STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Investment in Guggenheim Credit Income Fund GCIF ( shares purchased at a cost of and shares purchased at a cost of , respectively) 

Cash 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Accrued professional services fees 

Payable to related parties 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies Note 4. Related Party Agreements and Transactions 

Net Assets 

Components of Net Assets: 

Common Shares, par value, Common Shares authorized, and Common Shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Paid-in-capital in excess of par value 

Accumulated loss, net of distributions 

Total net assets 

Net asset value per Common Share (NAV) 

See Unaudited Notes to Financial Statements. 

3 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Investment Income 

Dividends from investment in GCIF 

Total investment income 

Operating Expenses (1) 

Administrative services (1) 

Related party reimbursements (1) 

Trustees fees (1) 

Professional services fees (1) 

Transfer agent fees (1) 

Other expenses (1) 

Net expenses (1) 

Net investment income (loss) 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses): 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from investment in GCIF 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations 

Per Common Share information: 

Net investment income (loss) per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 

Earnings (Loss) per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 

Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Distributions per Common Share outstanding 

(1) 

See Unaudited Notes to Financial Statements. 

4 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS (UNAUDITED) 

 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Common Shares 
 Paid-in-Capital in Excess of Par 
 Accumulated Loss, net 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Value 
 of Distributions 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 

Operations: 

Net investment loss 

Net change in unrealized appreciation from investment in GCIF 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Net increase for the period 

Balance at March 31, 2024 

Operations: 

Net investment loss 

Net change in unrealized depreciation from investment in GCIF 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations 

Shareholder distributions: 

Distributions representing a return of capital 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions 

Net decrease for the period 

Balance at June 30, 2024 

Operations: 

Net investment income 

Net change in unrealized depreciation from investment in GCIF 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations 

Shareholder distributions: 

Distributions from earnings 

Distributions representing a return of capital 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions 

Net decrease for the period 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

5 

Common Shares 
 Paid-in-Capital in Excess of Par 
 Accumulated Loss, net 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Value 
 of Distributions 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

Operations: 

Net investment income 

Net change in unrealized depreciation from investment in GCIF 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Shareholder distributions: 

Distributions from earnings 

Distributions representing a return of capital 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions 

Net decrease for the period 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

Operations: 

Net investment income 

Net change in unrealized depreciation from investment in GCIF 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations 

Shareholder distributions: 

Distributions from earnings 

Distributions representing a return of capital 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions 

Net decrease for the period 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Operations: 

Net investment loss 

Net change in unrealized appreciation from investment in GCIF 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Shareholder distributions: 

Distributions from earnings 

Distributions representing a return of capital 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions 

Net increase for the period 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

(1) Amount is less than 1,000 

See Unaudited Notes to
Financial Statements. 

6 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

 (in thousands) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating activities 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Proceeds from liquidation distributions 

Net realized gain from investment in GCIF 

Net change in unrealized depreciation from investment in GCIF 

Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Accrued professional services fees 

Payable to related parties 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Financing activities 

Distributions paid 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

See Unaudited Notes to Financial Statements. 

7 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

 (in thousands, except share and per share
data, percentages and as otherwise indicated; 

 for example, with the word million 
or otherwise) 

billion (the Public
Offering ). The Company initially sold and issued Shares on October 8, 2015 and then commenced investment operations.
On April 28, 2017, the Company s Public Offering was terminated, resulting in a gross capital raise of approximately million from
the sale and issuance of Common Shares in the Public Offering. 

In accordance with the offering
documents and the intention of the Company and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 GCIF 2019 (together, the Feeder
Funds to provide substantial shareholder liquidity, the Boards of Trustees of the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds approved respective
Plans of Liquidation for each company on March 30, 2021 (each, a Liquidation Plan ). In accordance with the Liquidation Plans,
the Board has declared multiple liquidating distributions. These distributions have been substantially composed of return of capital and
have decreased the net asset value of the Master Fund and Feeder Funds. As such, the value on shareholder s investment statements
has decreased as liquidating distributions have been paid. 

In accordance with the Liquidation
Plan, the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds will remain registered as a BDC and intend to maintain their qualifications, as regulated investment
company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company owned of the Master Fund s outstanding common shares. 

per annum of the average
net purchase price per share sold in the Public Offering to the Shareholder Services Component. As the Distribution Services Component,
representing per annum of the average net purchase price per share sold in the Public Offering, pertains to the sale of the Company s
Common Shares, the Company estimates the present value of all future Distribution Services Component payments, employing a discount
rate equal to the prevailing effective yield on -year US Treasuries as observed on December 30, 2016. The Company records a liability
equal to the estimated present value of the Distribution Services Component payments, recorded as part of Due to Dealer Manager 
with an offsetting charge to Paid-in-capital in excess of par value on the statements of assets and liabilities and as a
 Distribution services charge on the statements of changes in net assets. 

of its Investment Company Taxable Income, 
determined without regard to any dividend paid, as defined in the Code. The Company intends to distribute sufficient dividends to maintain
its RIC status each year and it does not anticipate incurring a material level of federal income taxes. 

The Company is generally subject
to nondeductible federal excise taxes if it does not distribute dividends to its shareholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount
at least equal to the sum of (i) of its net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar
year, (ii) of its capital gain net income i.e. , capital gains in excess of capital losses), adjusted for certain ordinary
losses, for the one-year period generally ending on October 31 st of the calendar year and (iii) any net ordinary
income and capital gain net income for preceding calendar years that were not distributed during such calendar years and on which the
Company incurred no federal income tax. The Company may, at its discretion, incur a nondeductible federal excise tax on under-distribution
of taxable ordinary income and capital gains. 

The Company follows ASC 740, Income
Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented
and disclosed in the financial statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course
of preparing our tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained by the applicable
tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current
year. Penalties or interest, if applicable, that may be assessed relating to income taxes would be classified as other expenses in the
statements of operations. Management has reviewed all open tax years and concluded that there is no effect to the Company s financial
positions or results of operations and no tax liability was required to be recorded resulting from unrecognized tax benefits relating
to uncertain income tax position taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. During this period, the Company did not incur any material
interest or penalties. Open tax years are those years that are open for examination by the relevant income taxing authority. As of September 30,
2024, open U.S. Federal and state income tax years include the tax years ended September 30, 2021 through September 30, 2023. The Company
has no examinations in progress. Management s determinations regarding ASC 740 may be subject to review and adjustment at a later
date based upon factors including, but not limited to, an on-going analysis of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. 

December 31, 2023 

Restricted Securities 

The Master Fund does not currently
intend to list its common shares on any securities exchange, and it does not expect a secondary market to develop for its issued and outstanding
common shares. As a result, the Company s ability to sell its Master Fund common shares is limited. Because the Master Fund common shares
are being acquired in one or more transactions not involving a public offering, they are restricted securities and may be
required to be held indefinitely. Master Fund common shares may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise disposed of unless
(i) the Master Fund s consent is granted, and (ii) the Master Fund common shares are registered under applicable securities
laws or specifically exempted from registration (in which case the Master Fund s shareholder may, at the Master Fund s option, be required
to provide the Master Fund with a legal opinion, in form and substance satisfactory to the Master Fund, that registration is not required).
Accordingly, a shareholder in the Master Fund, including the Company, must be willing to bear the economic risk of investing in the Master
Fund common shares. No sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or other disposition, whether voluntary or involuntary, of the Master Fund s
common shares may be made except by registration of the transfer on the Master Fund s books. Each transferee will be required to execute
an instrument agreeing to be bound by these restrictions and the other restrictions imposed on the Master Fund common shares and to execute
such other instruments or certifications as are reasonably required by the Master Fund. 

From October 15, 2015 through
August 11, 2020, the Company acquired its investment in the Master Fund at prices ranging from per share to per share. 

Share Repurchase Program 

The Master Fund has
implemented a share repurchase program, whereby it conducts tender offers each calendar quarter. In accordance with the Liquidation Plan,
the Master Fund s share repurchase program has been suspended effective March 30, 2021. 

Beginning in the fourth quarter
of 2017 (the second calendar quarter after the close of the Company s Public Offering), the Company commenced quarterly payments of the
DSS Fee at an annual rate of of the average net purchase price per share sold in the Public Offering. The quarterly payment of the
DSS Fee is computed at the daily rate of (i.e. annual rate of of the product of (i) per Common Share (the
average net purchase price of Common Shares sold in the Public Offering, excluding Common Shares issued under the Company s distribution
reinvestment plan DRP Shares )) and (ii) the number of Common Shares outstanding on each day during the recording period,
excluding (a) DRP Shares and (b) Shares owned by shareholders that are not recipients of ongoing shareholder services from eligible selected
dealers. The Company will cease to pay the DSS Fee at the earlier of: (i) the date at which the second amended and restated dealer manager
agreement (the Dealer Manager Agreement is terminated; (ii) the date at which the underwriting compensation from all sources,
including the DSS Fee, any organization and offering fees paid to the Dealer Manager for underwriting, underwriting compensation and shareholder
servicing paid directly by the shareholders and the Company or its affiliates, equals of the gross proceeds from the Company s Public
Offering, excluding proceeds from DRP Share sales; and (iii) the date at which a liquidity event occurs. The approval of the Liquidation
Plan on March 30, 2021 is deemed a liquidity event and therefore, the Dealer Manager Agreement is deemed terminated. 

Organization and Offering Expense Reimbursement
Agreement 

Under the terms of the organization
and offering expense reimbursement agreement, the Company is not obligated to reimburse Guggenheim for any unreimbursed offering
expenses after the close of the Company s Public Offering on April 28, 2017. 

Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement
Agreement 

The Expense Support Agreement
will automatically terminate if (i) the Master Fund terminates the Investment Advisory Agreement with Guggenheim or (ii) the Company s
Board of Trustees makes a determination to dissolve or liquidate the Company. The Board of Trustees approval of a Liquidation Plan on
March 30, 2021 is deemed a liquidity event and therefore, the Expense Support Agreement is deemed terminated. 

Pursuant to the Expense Support
Agreement, the Company has a conditional obligation to reimburse Guggenheim for any amounts funded by Guggenheim under this arrangement
during any month occurring within three years of the date on which Guggenheim funded such amount, the sum of the Company s estimated investment
company taxable income and net capital gains exceeds the ordinary cash distributions paid by the Company to its shareholders; provided,
however, that (i) the Company will only reimburse Guggenheim for expense payments made by Guggenheim to the extent that the payment of
such reimbursement (together with any other reimbursement paid during such fiscal year) does not cause other operating expenses 
(as defined below) (on an annualized basis and net of any expense support reimbursement payments received by the Company during such fiscal
year) to exceed the lesser of (A) of the Company s average net assets attributable to its Common Shares for the fiscal year-to-date
period after taking such reimbursement payments into account and (B) the percentage of the Company s average net assets attributable to
its Common Shares represented by other operating expenses during the fiscal year in which such expense payment from Guggenheim
was made (provided, however, that this clause (B) will not apply to any reimbursement payment which relates to an expense payment from
Guggenheim made during the same fiscal year); and (ii) the Company will not reimburse Guggenheim for expense payments made by Guggenheim
if the annualized rate of regular cash distributions declared by the Company at the time of such reimbursement payment is less than the
annualized rate of regular cash distributions declared by the Company at the time Guggenheim made the expense payment to which such reimbursement
payment relates. Other operating expenses means the Company s total operating expenses (as defined below), excluding
any investment advisory fee, performance-based incentive fees, organization and offering expenses, shareholder servicing fees, interest
expense, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. Operating expenses means all operating costs and expenses incurred,
as determined in accordance with GAAP for investment companies. 

As of the Board of Trustees 
approval of the Liquidation Plan, the total amount of expense support received from Guggenheim that is still eligible for reimbursement
is million. The Company has determined that it is unlikely to receive expense support from Guggenheim. 

Summary of Related Party Transactions 

The following table presents
the related party fees, expenses and transactions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023;
related party transactions between the Company and the Master Fund in connection with Common Shares purchases, sales and distributions
are disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements in thousands): 

(1) 

Indemnification 

The Administrative Services
Agreement provides certain indemnification to Guggenheim, its directors, officers, persons associated with Guggenheim and its affiliates.
In addition, the Company s Declaration of Trust, as amended, provides certain indemnifications to its officers, trustees, agents and certain
other persons. The Dealer Manager Agreement provides for certain indemnifications from the Company (with respect to the primary offering
of its Common Shares) to GFD, any selected dealers and their respective officers, directors, employees, members, affiliates, agents, representatives
and, if any, each person who controls such person or entity within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the
Exchange Act. Such indemnifications are subject to certain limitations as provided for in the Company s Declaration of Trust and
the North American Securities Administrators Association Guidelines and are considered customary by management. As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, management believes that the risk of incurring any losses for such indemnification is remote. 

Common Shares at an initial public offering price of per Share was declared
effective on July 24, 2015. 

The following table summarizes
(i) the total Common Shares issued and proceeds received in connection with the Company s Public Offering and (ii) reinvestment
of distributions for (a) the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and (b) the period commencing on July 24, 2015 (inception)
through September 30, 2024: 

Commission paid outside escrow 

Dealer Manager fees and commissions 

Net proceeds to the Company from Public Offering 

Reinvestment of shareholders distributions 

Net proceeds from all issuance of Common Shares 

Average net proceeds per Common Share 

Repurchase of Common Shares 

In accordance with the Liquidation
Plan, the Company s share repurchase program and distribution reinvestment plan have been suspended effective March 30, 2021. 

For Fiscal Year 2023 

Net investment income (loss) (1) 

Net unrealized depreciation from investment in GCIF (2) 

Net decrease resulting from operations 

Distributions to common shareholders 

Distributions from net investment income (3) 

Distributions representing return of capital (3) 

Net decrease resulting from distributions 

Net asset value, end of period 

INVESTMENT RETURNS 

Total investment return-net asset value (4) 

RATIOS/SUPPLEMENTAL DATA 

Net assets, end of period 

Average net assets (5) 

Common Shares outstanding, end of period 

Weighted average Common Shares outstanding 

Ratios-to-average net assets: (5) (6) 

Total operating expenses 

Net expenses 

Net investment income (loss) 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

15 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations. 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data, percentages and as otherwise indicated; for example, with the word million or otherwise) 

The information contained
in this item should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Report.
Unless otherwise noted, the terms we, us and our refer to Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T. The
Term Master Fund refers to Guggenheim Credit Income Fund. Capitalized terms used in this Item 2 have the same meaning as in
the accompanying financial statements presented in Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) , unless otherwise
defined herein. 

Overview 

We are a feeder fund and we
are affiliated with the Master Fund, which is a specialty finance investment company that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the
1940 Act. The Master Fund is externally managed by Guggenheim, which is responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting due
diligence on prospective investments, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring investments, determining the securities and other
assets that we will purchase, retain or sell and monitoring the Master Fund s portfolio on an ongoing basis. The Master Fund s management
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations as presented in its quarterly report should be read in its entirety. 

Plan of Liquidation 

In accordance with the offering
documents and the intention of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T GCIF 2016T and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 GCIF
2019 (together, the Feeder Funds to provide substantial shareholder liquidity, the Boards of Trustees of the Master
Fund and the Feeder Funds approved respective Plans of Liquidation for each company on March 30, 2021 (each, a Liquidation Plan ).
In accordance with the Liquidation Plans, the Board has declared multiple liquidating distributions which are outlined in the table below.
These distributions have been substantially composed of return of capital and have decreased the net asset value of the Master Fund and
Feeder Funds. As such, the value on shareholder s investment statements has decreased as liquidating distributions have been paid. 

For the Master Fund, as of
November 13, 2024, over 99 of the NAV has been declared to be paid to shareholders in the form of liquidating distributions. 

The table below is intended
to highlight some relevant metrics associated with the Plans of Liquidation in thousands). 

Noted Information 
 GCIF (Master Fund) 
 GCIF 2016 T 
 GCIF 2019 
 
 Cumulative Liquidating Distributions declared per share through November 13, 2024 
 7.82 
 8.17 
 22.57 
 
 Number of Portfolio Companies at beginning of year 
 10 

Number of Portfolio Companies at end of period 
 8 

YTD Portfolio sales and repayments in thousands) 
 13,867 

Percentage of December 31, 2020 NAV Declared through November 13, 2024 
 103.40 
 102.40 
 99.60 
 
 Net Assets at beginning of Year in thousands) 
 27,777 
 18,397 
 6,097 
 
 Net Assets at end of period in thousands) 
 11,769 
 8,139 
 2,755 
 
 Net asset value per share at end of period 
 0.46 
 0.50 
 1.59 

In accordance with the Liquidation
Plan, the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds will remain registered as a BDC and intend to maintain their qualifications, as RICs under
Subchapter M of the Code. 

16 

Investment Objectives and Investment Program 

Our investment objectives
are to provide our shareholders with current income, capital preservation and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. 

We intend to meet our investment
objectives by investing substantially all of our equity capital in the Master Fund. The Master Fund s investment objectives are the same
as our own. Prior to the Board of Trustees approval of the Liquidation Plan, the Master Fund s investment strategy was focused on creating
and growing an investment portfolio that generates superior risk-adjusted returns by carefully selecting investments through rigorous
due diligence and actively managing and monitoring its investment portfolio. When evaluating an investment and the related portfolio
company, the Master Fund uses the resources of its advisor to develop an investment thesis and a proprietary view of a potential portfolio
company s intrinsic value. We believe the Master Fund s flexible approach to investing allows it to take advantage of opportunities
that offer favorable risk/reward characteristics. 

The Master Fund primarily
focused on the following range of investment types that may be available within the capital structure of portfolio companies: 

Senior Debt. Senior debt investments generally take a security interest in the available assets
of the portfolio company, including equity interests in any of its subsidiaries. The senior debt classification includes senior secured
first lien loans, senior secured second lien loans, senior secured bonds and senior unsecured debt. In some circumstances, the secured
lien could be subordinated to the claims of other creditors. While there is no specific collateral associated with senior unsecured debt,
such positions are senior in payment priority over subordinated debt creditors. 

Subordinated Debt. Subordinated debt investments are generally subordinated to senior debt investments
and are generally unsecured. These investments are generally structured with interest-only payments throughout the life of the security
with the principal due at maturity. 

Equity Investments . Preferred and/or common equity investments may be acquired alongside senior
and subordinated debt investment activities or through the exercising of warrants or options attached to debt investments. Income is generated
primarily through regular or sporadic dividends and realized gains on dispositions of such investments. 

The Master Fund s investment
activities may vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including: the demand for capital from creditworthy
privately owned U.S. companies, the level of merger, acquisition and refinancing activity involving private companies, the availability
of credit to finance transactions, the general economic environment, the competitive investment environment for the types of investments
the Master Fund currently seeks and intends to seek in the future, the amount of equity capital the Master Fund raises from the sale of
its common shares to us and any other feeder funds and the amount and cost of capital that the Master Fund may borrow. 

The Master Fund acquires its
portfolio investments through the following investment access channels: 

Direct Originations : This channel consists of investments that are directly originated through
Guggenheim s relationship network. Such investments are originated and/or structured by Guggenheim and are not generally available
to the broader investment market. These investments may include both debt and equity investment components. 

Syndicated Transactions : This channel primarily includes investments in broadly syndicated loans
and high yield bonds, typically originated and arranged by investment intermediaries other than Guggenheim. These investments may be purchased
at the original syndication or in the secondary through various trading markets. 

On July 15, 2015, the staff
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC issued a no action letter to the Master Fund and Guggenheim Credit Income
Fund 2016 T (the Initial Feeder Fund ), permitting the Master Fund, the Initial Feeder Fund and any other feeder fund that
may be created in the future that invests all or substantially all its assets in the Master Fund (each, an Additional Feeder Fund 
and collectively with the Initial Feeder Fund, the Feeder Funds to operate in a master/feeder fund structure. More specifically,
the no action letter permits: 

a Feeder Fund to operate as a BDC under the 1940 Act; 

a Feeder Fund to look through the Master Fund and treat as its assets its proportionate ownership interest
in the Master Fund s assets; and 

the Master Fund to repurchase its shares in connection with the planned liquidation of a Feeder Fund at
the end of the Feeder Fund s finite term. 

17 

Revenue 

Dividend income from our ownership
of the Master Fund s common shares is our source of investment income. Our revenue will fluctuate with the operating performance of the
Master Fund and its distributions paid to us. 

Operating Expenses 

Our primary operating expenses
include administrative services, related party reimbursements, custodian and accounting services, independent audit services, compliance
services, tax services, legal services, transfer agent services, shareholder servicing component expenses, organization expenses and offering
expenses. Additionally, we indirectly bear the operating expenses of the Master Fund through our ownership of its common shares, such
as an investment advisory fee, a performance-based incentive fee, independent audit services, third-party valuation services and various
other professional services fees. 

Results of Operations 

Operating results for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were as follows: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Total investment income 
 53 
 
 172 
 490 
 
 Net expenses 
 121 
 157 
 365 
 332 
 
 Net investment income (reimbursement) 
 (68 
 (157 
 (193 
 158 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from investment in GCIF 
 (664 
 625 
 (776 
 240 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 (732 
 468 
 (969 
 398 

Investment Income 

Investment income consisted
solely of distributions from the Master Fund for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses consisted
of the following major components for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Administrative services 
 4 
 4 
 12 
 11 
 
 Related party reimbursements 
 12 
 16 
 35 
 36 
 
 Trustees fees 
 1 
 
 2 

Professional services fees 
 15 
 26 
 46 
 25 
 
 Transfer agent expense 
 83 
 84 
 249 
 244 
 
 Other expenses 
 6 
 27 
 21 
 16 
 
 Net expenses 
 121 
 157 
 365 
 332 

Related party reimbursements
are comprised of the Company s allocable share of administrative costs and expenses incurred by Guggenheim that were reimbursable. Reimbursable
costs and expenses include, but are not limited to, the Company s share of salaries, rent, office administration, costs associated with
regulatory reporting and filings and costs related to the preparation for, and conducting of, meetings of the Company s Board. An investment
advisory fee is only incurred by the Master Fund, although it is incurred indirectly by the Company through its ownership of Master Fund
common shares. 

18 

Beginning on July 1, 2017,
the Company incurred an additional operating expense, specifically the Shareholder Servicing Component of the DSS Fee, to reimburse the
Dealer Manager of the Company s Public Offering for costs incurred by participating broker-dealers and investment representatives for
providing ongoing shareholder services. The Shareholder Servicing Component accrues daily and is recorded on the statements of operations.
The Shareholder Servicing Component is computed at the daily rate of 0.000685 i.e. annual rate of 0.25 of the product
of (i) the weighted average net price of Common Shares sold in the Public Offering, excluding DRP Shares and (ii) the number of Common
Shares outstanding on each day of the recording period, excluding (a) DRP Shares and (b) Common Shares owned by the Company s shareholders
that are not receiving shareholder services from an eligible participating broker-dealer. The Shareholder Servicing Component expense
is borne equally among all of the Company s outstanding Shares as incurred. 

Net Realized Gains (Losses) from Investment 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024, we did not incur a realized gain. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there
were no distributions received from the Master Fund that were classified as long term gains. 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2023, we did not incur a realized gain. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, there
were no distributions received from the Master Fund that were classified as long term gains. 

Changes in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation)
from Investment 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024, the total net change in unrealized depreciation on our investment in the Master Fund was (0.66) million
and (0.78) million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the total net change in unrealized depreciation
on our investment in the Master Fund was 0.6 million and 0.2 million, respectively. 

Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2024 and September 30, 2023 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, net cash provided by operating activities was 9.7 million and 17.9 million, respectively.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, distributions from the Master Fund were the primary provider of cash. During the
nine months ended September 30, 2023, distributions from the Master Fund were the primary provider of cash. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was (9.3) million and (18.3) million, respectively.
In 2024, the shareholder distributions of (9.3) million were the primary use of cash. In 2023, the shareholder distributions of (18.3)
million were the primary use of cash. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

Our primary sources of cash
include (i) our shareholders reinvestment of their distributions, (ii) distributions, including capital gains, if any, received from
our ownership of the Master Fund s common shares, (iii) expense support payments pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement and (iv) the
sale of our owned Master Fund shares in conjunction with its share repurchase program. Our primary uses of cash include (i) investment
in the Master Fund s common shares, (ii) payment of operating expenses and the DSS Fee Distribution Services Component, (iii) cash distributions
to our shareholders, (iv) periodic repurchases of our Common Shares pursuant to our share repurchase program and (v) reimbursement payments
for prior period expense support payments. We are not permitted to issue any senior securities, including preferred securities. 

We manage our assets and liabilities
such that current assets are sufficient to cover current liabilities, and excess cash, if any, is invested in the acquisition of Master
Fund s common shares. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires us to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of income, expense, gain and loss during the reporting period. We believe that the estimates and assumptions
utilized in preparing the financial statements are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Our significant accounting
policies are described in Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies . 

19 

Valuation of Investments 

We invest substantially all
of our equity capital in the purchase of Master Fund common shares. We determine the fair value of our investment in the Master Fund as
the Master Fund s net asset value per common share (as determined by the Master Fund) multiplied by the number of Master Fund common shares
that we own. 

Distribution and Shareholder Servicing Fee
(DSS Fee) 

The purpose of the DSS Fee
is to reimburse the Dealer Manager of our Public Offering for costs incurred by selected dealers and investment representatives for services
related to (i) the Distribution Services Component and (ii) the Shareholder Services Component. 

Beginning in the third quarter
of 2017 (the first calendar quarter after the close of our Public Offering), we commenced recognition of the Shareholder Services Component
as an expense on the Company s statements of operations as the services are provided. We allocated 0.25 per annum of the average net
purchase price per share sold in the Public Offering to the Shareholder Services Component. As the Distribution Services Component,
representing 0.65 per annum of the average net purchase price per share sold in the Public Offering, pertains to the sale of our Common
Shares, we estimate the present value of all future Distribution Services Component payments, employing a discount rate equal to
the prevailing effective yield on 5-year US Treasuries as observed on December 30, 2016. We record a liability equal to the estimated
present value of the Distribution Services Component, recorded as Due to Dealer Manager with an offsetting charge to Paid-in-capital
in excess of par value on the statements of assets and liabilities, and recorded as a Distribution services charge 
on the statements of changes in net assets. 

Beginning in the fourth quarter
of 2017 (the second calendar quarter after the close of our Public Offering), we commenced quarterly payments of the DSS Fee at an annual
rate of 0.90 of the average net purchase price per share sold in the Public Offering. 

Contractual Obligations 

Commitments 

We have not entered into any
agreements under which we have material future commitments that cannot otherwise be terminated within a reasonable time period. 

Related Party Agreements and Transactions 

Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement
Agreement 

We have entered into agreements
with Guggenheim whereby we agreed to (i) receive expense support payments and to conditionally reimburse it for prior period expense support
payments, (ii) pay for administrative services and (iii) periodically pay DSS Fees to the Dealer Manager, an affiliate of Guggenheim.
See Note 4. Related Party Agreements and Transactions for a discussion of related party agreements and expense
reimbursement agreements. 

Reimbursement of Guggenheim for Organization
and Offering Expenses 	 

Under the terms of the O O
Agreement, we agreed to reimburse Guggenheim for our organization and offering expenses solely in connection with the capital raise of
our Public Offering (See Note 4. Related Party Agreements and Transactions ). Since our Public Offering was terminated,
Guggenheim is not eligible to receive any further reimbursement of offering expenses after April 28, 2017. 

Reimbursement of the Administrator for Administrative
Services 

We reimburse the Administrator
for its expenses in connection with the provision of administrative services to us. These reimbursement expenses are periodically reviewed
and approved by the Independent Trustees Committee of our Board of Trustees. See Note 4. Related Party Agreements and Transactions for a summary of reimbursable expenses as related to administrative services. 

Obligation to Pay the Distribution Services Component of Distribution
and Shareholder Servicing Fee 

The Distribution Services
Component of the DSS Fee represents reimbursement to the Dealer Manager for costs incurred by participating broker-dealers and investment
representatives for the distribution of our Common Shares. (See Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies - Distribution and Shareholder Servicing Fees regarding the obligation to pay the Distribution Services Component.) The DSS Fee quarterly payments
will cease in the event that the Dealer Manager Agreement is terminated by us or the Dealer Manager or in the event of a liquidation. 

20 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

Interest Rate Risk 

We are subject to financial
market risks, including changes in interest rates through our investment in the Master Fund. As of September 30, 2024, 99.5 of the
Master Fund s debt investments (98.1 of total investments), or 9.3 million measured at fair value, are subject to floating interest
rates. A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to (i) higher interest income for the Master Fund s floating
rate debt investments, (ii) value declines for fixed rate investments the Master Fund may hold and (iii) higher interest expense in connection
with the Master Fund s floating rate credit facility. To the extent that a majority of the Master Fund s investments may be in floating
rate investments, an increase in interest rates could also make it more difficult for borrowers to repay their loans, and a rise in interest
rates may also make it easier for the Advisor to meet or exceed the quarterly threshold for a performance-based incentive fee as described
in Note 6. Related Party Agreements and Transactions of the Master Fund s consolidated financial statements. 

Based on our investment in
the Master Fund as of September 30, 2024, the following table presents the approximate annualized increase in value per outstanding
Common Share due to (i) interest income from the Master Fund s investment portfolio and (ii) interest expense on the Master Fund s
floating rate borrowings, directly resulting from hypothetical changes in base rate interest rates e.g., SOFR), assuming no changes
in (i) the number of outstanding Common Shares, (ii) the number of outstanding Master Fund Shares and (iii) our percent ownership of Master
Fund shares: 

Basis Points (bps) Increase (Decrease) 
 Annualized Net Increase (Decrease) 
 Net Increase (Decrease) per Share 
 
 -50 bps 
 (46 

+50 bps 
 46 

+100 bps 
 93 
 0.01 
 
 +150 bps 
 139 
 0.01 
 
 +200 bps 
 185 
 0.01 

The Master Fund regularly
measures its exposure to interest rate risk. The Master Fund assesses interest rate risk and manages its interest rate exposure on an
ongoing basis by comparing its interest rate sensitive assets to its interest rate sensitive liabilities. Based on that review, the Master
Fund determines whether or not any hedging transactions are necessary to mitigate exposure to changes in interest rates. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our disclosure controls and
procedures include internal controls and other procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
in this and other reports filed under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. It should be noted that no system
of controls can provide complete assurance of achieving a company s objectives and that future events may impact the effectiveness
of a system of controls. 

Our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, after conducting an evaluation, together with members of our management, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, have concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, were effective as of September 30, 2024 at a reasonable level of
assurance. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

During the most recent fiscal
quarter, there was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting, as defined under Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange
Act, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

21 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

As of November 13,
2024, we were not subject to any material legal proceedings, and, to our knowledge, there were no material legal proceedings threatened
against us. 

From time to time, we, or
our administrator, may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of, or incidental to the normal course of, our business,
including legal proceedings related to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While legal proceedings,
lawsuits, claims and regulatory proceedings are subject to many uncertainties and their ultimate outcomes are not predictable with assurance,
the results of these proceedings are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

There have been no material
changes to the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds. 

(a) None. 

(b) None. 

(c) The Company had implemented
a share repurchase program, whereby it conducts tender offers each calendar quarter. In accordance with the Liquidation Plan, the Company s
share repurchase program has been suspended effective March 30, 2021. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

During the fiscal quarter ended September 30,
2024, none of our directors or executive officers adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase
or sale of our securities to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

The exhibits required by this
item are set forth in the Exhibit Index attached hereto and are filed or incorporated as part of this Report. 

22 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 2016 T 

Date: 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Matthew S. Bloom 

MATTHEW S. BLOOM 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 By: 
 /s/ James Howley 

JAMES HOWLEY 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

23 

c. The following exhibits are filed or incorporated as part of this
Report. 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99(a)(5) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Registrant s registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on July 17, 2015.) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-01094) filed on March 15, 2016.) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-01094) as filed October 23, 2017.) 

3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-01091) filed on March 15, 2016.) 

4.1 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (e) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198882) filed on May 4, 2015.) 

10.1 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement by and between Guggenheim Credit Income Fund and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund s Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) on August 15, 2017.) 

10.2 
 
 Amendment No 1. to Administrative Services Agreement by and between the Registrant, Guggenheim Credit Income Fund, and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund s Form 10-K (File No. 814-01117) filed on March 12, 2019.) 

10.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement by and among the Registrant, Guggenheim Credit Income Fund and Carey Financial, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Registrant s Form 10-K (File No. 814-01094) filed on April 17, 2017.) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Selected Dealer Agreement (revised Exhibit A to Second Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Registrant s Form 10-K (File No. 814-01094) filed on April 17, 2017.) 

10.5 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement for Dealer Manager Agreement by and among the Registrant, Carey Financial, LLC, and Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund s Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) on August 15, 2017.) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-01094) filed on August 15, 2017.) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Organization and Offering Expense Reimbursement Agreement by and among the Registrant, Carey Credit Advisors, LLC and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund s Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) filed on August 15, 2017.) 

10.8 
 
 Investment Management Agreement by and between Hamilton Finance LLC and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund s Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) filed on December 22, 2015.) 

10.9 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and Investment Management Agreement dated as of August 24, 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund s Form 10-Q (File No. 814-01117) filed on November 7, 2017 

10.10 
 
 Investment Management Agreement by and between Hamilton Finance LLC and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund s Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) filed on December 22, 2015.) 

24 

10.11 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and Investment Management Agreement dated as of August 24, 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund s Form 10-Q (File No. 814-01117) filed on November 7, 2017 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund Form 10-Q (File No. 814-01117) filed on November 16, 2020.) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.) 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.) 

99 
 
 Form 10-Q of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (Filed herewith) 

25 

<EX-99.CERT>
 2
 fp0090990-2_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Matthew S. Bloom, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this Report based on such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of a
Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Matthew S. Bloom 

MATTHEW S. BLOOM 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-99.CERT>

<EX-99.CERT>
 3
 fp0090990-2_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James Howley, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this Report based on such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of a
Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 By: 
 /s/ James Howley 

JAMES HOWLEY 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-99.CERT>

<EX-99.906 CERT>
 4
 fp0090990-2_ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32 

Certifications Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T, does
hereby certify, to the best of such officer's knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T. 

Date: 
 November 13, 2024 

/s/ Matthew S. Bloom 

MATTHEW S. BLOOM 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 November 13, 2024 

/s/ James Howley 

JAMES HOWLEY 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-99.906 CERT>

<EX-99>
 5
 fp0090990-2_ex99.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

[X] 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2024 

OR 

[ ] 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission file number: 814-01117 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 47-2039472 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

330 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 
 10017 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: (212) 739-0700 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: None 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). Yes [ ] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 [ ] 
 Accelerated filer 
 [ ] 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 [X] 
 Smaller reporting company 
 [ ] 

Emerging growth company 
 [ ] 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [X] 

The registrant had 25,594,125
common shares outstanding as of November 13, 2024 . 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 

 INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited): 
 3 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 14 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 43 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 43 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 44 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 44 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 44 
 
 Signatures 
 44 
 
 Exhibit Index 
 45 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q, or this Report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 2 of Part I of this Report, contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements generally are characterized by the use of terms such as may, 
 should, plan, anticipate, estimate, intend, predict, 
 believe, expect, will, will be, and project or the negative of these
terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based
upon reasonable assumptions, our actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Some factors
that might cause such a difference include the following: increased direct competition; changes in government regulations or accounting
rules; changes in local, national and global economic and capital market conditions; our ability to obtain or maintain credit lines or
credit facilities on satisfactory terms; changes in interest rates; availability of proceeds from our private offering of common shares;
our ability to identify suitable investments and/or to close on identified investments; the performance of our investments; and the ability
of borrowers related to our debt investments to make payments under their respective loans. Our actual results could differ materially
from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason. You should exercise caution in relying on forward-looking
statements as they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may materially affect our future results, performance,
achievements or transactions. Information on factors which could impact actual results and cause them to differ from what is anticipated
in the forward-looking statements contained herein is included in this Report as well as in our other filings with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ), including but not limited to those described in Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report and in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, that was
filed on March 22, 2024. Moreover, because we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, new risks are likely to
emerge from time to time. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements as a prediction of future results, which apply only as of the date of this Report, unless noted otherwise. Except as may be
required by federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the SEC, we do not undertake to revise or update any forward-looking
statements. The forward-looking statements should be read in light of the risk factors identified in Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report and in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023,
that was filed on March 22, 2024. The forward-looking statements and projections contained in this Report are excluded from the safe harbor
protection provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. 

All references to Note 
or Notes throughout this Report refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the registrant in Part I. Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 

Unless otherwise noted, the
terms we, us, our, and the Master Fund refer to Guggenheim Credit Income Fund.
Other capitalized terms used in this Report have the same meaning as in the accompanying consolidated financial statements presented in
 Part I. Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) , unless otherwise defined herein. Guggenheim Partners
Investment Management, LLC is referred to as Guggenheim or the Advisor throughout this Report. 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Assets 
 (Unaudited) 

Investments at fair value (amortized cost of 14,463 and 31,061, respectively) 
 9,494 
 23,926 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 2,343 
 3,688 
 
 Interest and dividend income receivable 
 171 
 308 
 
 Principal receivable 
 31 
 51 
 
 Receivable from related parties 
 5 
 7 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 92 
 281 
 
 Total assets 
 12,136 
 28,261 

Liabilities 

Accrued management fee 
 37 
 83 
 
 Payable to related parties 
 82 
 75 
 
 Accrued professional services fees 
 215 
 299 
 
 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 33 
 27 
 
 Total liabilities 
 367 
 484 
 
 Commitments and contingencies Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies 

Net Assets 
 11,769 
 27,777 

Components of Net Assets: 

Common shares, 0.001 par value, 1,000,000,000 shares authorized, 25,594,125 and 25,594,125 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 26 
 26 
 
 Paid-in-capital in excess of par value 
 29,981 
 44,824 
 
 Accumulated loss, net of distributions 
 (18,238 
 (17,073 
 
 Net assets 
 11,769 
 27,777 
 
 Net asset value per Common Share (NAV) 
 0.46 
 1.09 

See Unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

3 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Investment Income 

Interest income 
 404 
 865 
 1,321 
 2,585 
 
 PIK interest income 
 122 
 165 
 473 
 180 
 
 Fee income 
 2 
 2 
 5 
 20 
 
 Total investment income 
 528 
 1,032 
 1,799 
 2,785 
 
 Operating Expenses 

Management fee 
 55 
 156 
 290 
 597 
 
 Administrative services 
 21 
 22 
 64 
 44 
 
 Custody services 
 8 
 7 
 24 
 26 
 
 Trustees fees 
 49 
 74 
 147 
 215 
 
 Related party reimbursements 
 82 
 92 
 253 
 290 
 
 Professional services fees 
 114 
 106 
 339 
 263 
 
 Other expenses 
 117 
 70 
 421 
 205 
 
 Total expenses 
 446 
 527 
 1,538 
 1,640 
 
 Net investment income 
 82 
 505 
 261 
 1,145 
 
 Realized and unrealized gains (losses): 

Net realized gains (losses) on: 

Investments 
 22 
 (343 
 (3,334 
 (866 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts 

101 
 
 Foreign currency transactions 

15 
 
 Net realized gains (losses) 
 22 
 (343 
 (3,334 
 (750 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on: 

Investments 
 (1,023 
 775 
 2,165 
 776 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts 

(73 
 
 Foreign currency transactions 
 1 
 (1 
 1 
 (1 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 
 (1,022 
 774 
 2,166 
 702 
 
 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) 
 (1,000 
 431 
 (1,168 
 (48 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 (918 
 936 
 (907 
 1,097 
 
 Per Common Share information: 

Net investment income per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 
 
 0.02 
 0.01 
 0.04 
 
 Earnings (loss) per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 
 (0.04 
 0.04 
 (0.04 
 0.04 
 
 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 25,594,125 
 25,594,125 
 25,594,125 
 25,594,125 
 
 Distributions per Common Share outstanding 
 0.59 
 
 0.59 
 1.07 

See Unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

4 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS
(UNAUDITED) 

 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Common Shares 
 Paid-in-Capital 
 in Excess of Par 
 Accumulated 
 Loss, net 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Value 
 of Distributions 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 
 25,594,125 
 26 
 44,824 
 (17,073 
 27,777 
 
 Operations: 

Net investment income 

176 
 176 
 
 Net realized gain 

67 
 67 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation 

405 
 405 
 
 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

648 
 648 
 
 Net increase for the period 

648 
 648 
 
 Balance at March 31, 2024 
 25,594,125 
 26 
 44,824 
 (16,425 
 28,425 
 
 Operations: 

Net investment income 

3 
 3 
 
 Net realized loss 

(3,423 
 (3,423 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation 

2,783 
 2,783 
 
 Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations 

(637 
 (637 
 
 Shareholder distributions: 

Distributions from earnings 

(179 
 (179 
 
 Distributions representing a return of capital 

(14,922 
 
 (14,922 
 
 Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions 

(14,922 
 (179 
 (15,101 
 
 Net decrease for the period 

(14,922 
 (816 
 (15,738 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2024 
 25,594,125 
 26 
 29,902 
 (17,241 
 12,687 
 
 Operations: 

Net investment income 

82 
 82 
 
 Net realized gain 

22 
 22 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation 

(1,022 
 (1,022 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

(918 
 (918 
 
 Shareholder distributions: 

Distributions from earnings 

(79 
 (79 
 
 Distributions representing a return of capital 

79 
 
 79 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions 

79 
 (79 

Net increase (decrease) for the period 

79 
 (997 
 (918 
 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 
 25,594,125 
 26 
 29,981 
 (18,238 
 11,769 

5 

Common Shares 
 Paid-in-Capital 
 in Excess of Par 
 Accumulated 
 Loss, net 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Value 
 of Distributions 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 25,594,125 
 26 
 78,102 
 (16,855 
 61,273 
 
 Operations: 

Net investment income 

369 
 369 
 
 Net realized gains 

1 
 1 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation 

32 
 32 
 
 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

402 
 402 
 
 Shareholder distributions: 

Distributions from earnings 

(428 
 (428 
 
 Distributions representing a return of capital 

(16,976 
 
 (16,976 
 
 Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions 

(16,976 
 (428 
 (17,404 
 
 Net decrease for the period 

(16,976 
 (26 
 (17,002 
 
 Balance at March 31, 2023 
 25,594,125 
 26 
 61,126 
 (16,881 
 44,271 
 
 Operations: 

Net investment income 

271 
 271 
 
 Net realized losses 

(409 
 (409 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation 

(103 
 (103 
 
 Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations 

(241 
 (241 
 
 Shareholder distributions: 

Distributions from earnings 

(309 
 (309 
 
 Distributions representing a return of capital 

(9,675 
 
 (9,675 
 
 Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions 

(9,675 
 (309 
 (9,984 
 
 Net decrease for the period 

(9,675 
 (550 
 (10,225 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 
 25,594,125 
 26 
 51,451 
 (17,431 
 34,046 
 
 Operations: 

Net investment income 

505 
 505 
 
 Net realized gains 

(343 
 (343 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation 

774 
 774 
 
 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

936 
 936 
 
 Net decrease for the period 

936 
 936 
 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 
 25,594,125 
 26 
 51,451 
 (16,495 
 34,982 

See Unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

6 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

 (in thousands) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating activities 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 (907 
 1,097 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Capitalized paid-in-kind income 
 (473 
 (180 
 
 Amortization of premium/accretion of discount, net 
 (25 
 (126 
 
 Proceeds from sales of investments 
 1,150 
 23,251 
 
 Proceeds from paydowns on investments 
 12,717 
 3,817 
 
 Net receipt of settlement of derivatives 
 
 115 
 
 Net payment of settlement of derivatives 
 
 (13 
 
 Net realized losses on derivatives 
 
 (101 
 
 Purchases of investments 
 (104 
 (10,143 
 
 Net realized gains on investments 
 3,334 
 866 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation on investments 
 (2,166 
 (776 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 73 
 
 (Increase) decrease in operating assets: 

Interest and dividend income receivable 
 137 
 394 
 
 Principal receivable 
 20 
 11,426 
 
 Receivable from related parties 
 2 
 4 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 188 
 203 
 
 Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: 

Accrued management fee 
 (46 
 (161 
 
 Payable to related parties 
 7 
 (4 
 
 Accrued professional services fees 
 (84 
 (143 
 
 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 6 
 (16 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 13,756 
 29,583 
 
 Financing activities 

Distributions paid 
 (15,101 
 (27,388 
 
 Net cash used in (provided by) financing activities 
 (15,101 
 (27,388 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,345 
 2,195 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
 3,688 
 8,956 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 2,343 
 11,151 

See Unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

7 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 

 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

September
 30, 2024 (in thousands) 
 
 Portfolio Company (1) (2) (3) 
 Footnotes 
 Investment 
 Spread Above Reference Rate (4) 
 Interest Rate (4) (5) 
 Maturity Date 
 Principal / Par 
 Amount / 
Shares (6) 
 Amortized 
Cost (7) (8) 
 Fair Value 
 of Net Assets 

INVESTMENTS 

Debt investments - 79.7 

Automotive 

Accuride Corporation 
 (10) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+6.87 
 11.93 
 5/18/2026 
 3,569 
 3,569 
 2,415 
 20.5 
 
 Total Automotive 

3,569 
 2,415 
 20.5 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 

Drew Marine Group Inc. 
 (11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+4.00 
 8.75 
 6/26/2026 
 948 
 943 
 944 
 8.0 
 
 Total Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 

943 
 944 
 8.0 
 
 Energy: Oil Gas 

Basic Energy Services Inc 
 (12) 
 Senior Secured Bonds 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 10/15/2023 
 4,291 
 1,451 
 43 
 0.4 
 
 Permian Production Partners 
 (10)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+8.00 
 12.96 
 11/23/2025 
 248 
 204 
 247 
 2.1 
 
 Total Energy: Oil Gas 

1,655 
 290 
 2.5 
 
 Metals Mining 

Polyvision Corp. 
 (10)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+8.50 
 13.93 
 2/21/2026 
 3,856 
 3,822 
 2,507 
 21.3 
 
 Polyvision Corp. 
 (10)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+8.50 
 13.93 
 2/21/2026 
 1,086 
 1,076 
 706 
 6.0 
 
 Polyvision Corp. (Delayed Draw) 
 (10)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+8.50 
 13.93 
 2/21/2026 
 147 
 147 
 96 
 0.8 
 
 Polyvision Corp. (Revolver) 
 (10)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+8.50 
 13.93 
 2/21/2026 
 1,006 
 939 
 654 
 5.6 
 
 Total Metals Mining 

5,984 
 3,963 
 33.8 
 
 Retail 

Save-a-Lot 
 (11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+7.25 
 11.95 
 6/30/2026 
 995 
 895 
 857 
 7.3 
 
 Save-a-Lot 
 (11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+7.25 
 11.95 
 6/30/2026 
 466 
 261 
 158 
 1.3 
 
 Save-a-Lot 
 (10)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+8.00 
 12.96 
 6/30/2026 
 957 
 585 
 279 
 2.4 
 
 Total Retail 

1,741 
 1,294 
 11.0 
 
 Services: Business 

PSI Services LLC (Revolver) 
 (9)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+7.75 
 13.15 
 10/20/2025 
 45 
 45 
 32 
 0.3 
 
 PSI Services LLC (Delayed Draw) 
 (11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+7.75 
 13.15 
 10/20/2025 
 28 
 28 
 22 
 0.2 
 
 PSI Services LLC (Delayed Draw) 
 (11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+7.75 
 13.15 
 10/20/2025 
 65 
 65 
 51 
 0.4 
 
 PSI Services LLC 
 (11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+7.75 
 13.15 
 10/20/2025 
 437 
 431 
 344 
 2.9 
 
 Total Business Services 

569 
 449 
 3.8 

Total Debt Investments 

14,461 
 9,355 
 79.7 

8 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 

 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

September
 30, 2024 (in thousands) 
 
 Portfolio Company (1) (2) (3) 
 Footnotes 
 Investment 
 Spread Above Reference Rate (4) 
 Interest Rate (4) (5) 
 Maturity Date 
 Principal / Par 
 Amount / 
Shares (6) 
 Amortized 
Cost (7) (8) 
 Fair Value 
 of Net Assets 

Equity investments - 1.2 

Energy: Oil Gas 

Permian Production Partners 
 (11) 
 Equity/Other 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 203,022 
 
 2 

Total Energy: Oil Gas 

2 

Retail 

Save-a-Lot 
 (11) 
 Equity/Other 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 2,464,384 
 
 18 
 0.2 
 
 Total Retail 

18 
 0.2 
 
 Service: Businesses 

YAK BLOCKER 2 LLC SERIES C-1 
 (11) 
 Equity/Other 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 30,451 
 1 
 62 
 0.5 
 
 YAK BLOCKER 2 LLC SERIES C-2 
 (11) 
 Equity/Other 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 28,145 
 1 
 57 
 0.5 
 
 Total Service: Businesses 

2 
 119 
 1.0 
 
 Total Equity Investments 

2 
 139 
 1.2 

Total Investments - 80.9 

14,463 
 9,494 
 80.9 

(1) Security may be an obligation of one or more entities affiliated with the named portfolio company. 

(2) All debt and equity investments are income producing unless otherwise noted. 

(3) All investments are non-controlled/non-affiliated investments as defined by the Investment Company Act
of 1940 (the 1940 Act ). The provisions of the 1940 Act classify investments based on the level of control that we maintain
in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally presumed to be non-controlled when
we own 25 or less of the portfolio company s voting securities and controlled when we own more than 25 of the portfolio
company s voting securities. The provisions of the 1940 Act also classify investments further based on the level of ownership that
we maintain in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally deemed as non-affiliated 
when we own less than 5 of a portfolio company s voting securities and affiliated when we own 5 or more of a portfolio
company s voting securities. 

(4) The periodic interest rate for all floating rate loans is indexed to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR (denoted as S ). Pursuant to the terms of the underlying credit agreements, the base interest rates typically
reset annually, semi-annually, quarterly or monthly at the borrower s option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset
periods for each loan. For each of these floating rate loans, the Consolidated Schedule of Investments presents the applicable margin
over SOFR based on each respective credit agreement. As of September 30, 2024, SOFR rates ranged between 5.14 for 1-month SOFR to
5.36 for 6-month SOFR. 

(5) For portfolio companies with multiple interest rate contracts under a single credit agreement, the interest
rate shown is a weighted average current interest rate in effect at September 30, 2024. 

(6) Unless noted otherwise, the principal amount (par amount) for all debt securities is denominated in U.S.
dollars. Equity investments are recorded as number of shares owned. 

(7) Cost represents amortized cost, inclusive of any capitalized paid-in-kind income PIK ), for
debt securities, and cost plus capitalized PIK, if any, for preferred stock. 

(8) As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all securities in which
there was an excess of value over tax cost was 0.2 million; the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for all securities in which there
was an excess of tax cost over value was 6.7 million; the net unrealized depreciation was 6.5 million; the aggregate cost of securities
for Federal income tax purposes was 16.0 million. 

(9) The investment is either a delayed draw loan or a revolving credit facility whereby some or all of the
investment commitment is undrawn as of September 30, 2024 (see Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies ). 

9 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 

 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

(10) The underlying credit agreement or indenture contains a PIK provision, whereby the issuer has either the
option or the obligation to make interest payments with the issuance of additional securities. The interest rate in the schedule represents
the current interest rate in effect for these investments. 

Coupon Rate 
 PIK Component 
 Cash Component 
 PIK Option 
 
 Accuride Corporation 
 S+6.87 
 5.87 
 S+1.00 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 5.87 . 
 
 Permian Production Partners 
 S+8.00 
 2.00 
 S+6.00 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 2.00 . 
 
 Polyvision Corp. 
 S+8.50 
 5.50 
 S+3.00 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 5.50 . 
 
 Polyvision Corp. 
 S+8.50 
 5.50 
 S+3.00 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 5.50 . 
 
 Polyvision Corp. (Delayed Draw) 
 S+8.50 
 5.50 
 S+3.00 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 5.50 . 
 
 Polyvision Corp. (Revolver) 
 S+8.50 
 5.50 
 S+3.00 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 5.50 . 
 
 Save-A-Lot 
 S+8.00 
 2.00 
 S+6.00 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 2.00 . 

(11) Investments value was determined using significant unobservable inputs (see Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies ). 

(12) Investment was on non-accrual status as of September 30, 2024, meaning that the Master Fund
has ceased recognizing interest income on these investments. As of September 30, 2024, debt investments on non-accrual status represented
10.0 and 0.5 of total investments on an amortized cost basis and fair value basis, respectively. 

See Unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

10 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 

 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

December
 31, 2023 (in thousands) 
 
 Portfolio Company (1) (2) (3) 
 Footnotes 
 Investment 
 Spread Above Reference Rate (4) 
 Interest Rate (4) (5) 
 Maturity Date 
 Principal / Par 
 Amount / 
 Shares (6) 
 Amortized 
 Cost (7) (8) 
 Fair Value 
 of Net Assets 

INVESTMENTS 

Debt investments - 84.0 

Automotive 

Accuride Corporation 
 (10) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+6.87 
 12.23 
 5/18/2026 
 3,458 
 3,460 
 2,870 
 10.3 
 
 Total Automotive 

3,460 
 2,870 
 10.3 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 

Drew Marine Group Inc. 
 (11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+4.25 
 9.75 
 6/26/2026 
 955 
 949 
 950 
 3.4 
 
 Total Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 

949 
 950 
 3.4 
 
 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

Galls LLC 
 (10)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+7.25 
 12.78 
 1/31/2025 
 3,680 
 3,675 
 3,625 
 13.1 
 
 Galls LLC (Delayed Draw B) 
 (10)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+7.25 
 12.78 
 1/31/2025 
 540 
 539 
 532 
 1.9 
 
 Galls LLC (Revolver) 
 (9)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+6.75 
 12.27 
 1/31/2025 
 331 
 329 
 322 
 1.1 
 
 Total Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

4,543 
 4,479 
 16.1 
 
 Energy: Oil Gas 

Basic Energy Services Inc 
 (12) 
 Senior Secured Bonds 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 10/15/2023 
 4,291 
 1,458 
 21 
 0.1 
 
 Permian Production Partners 
 (10) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+8.00 
 13.47 
 11/23/2025 
 418 
 298 
 405 
 1.4 
 
 Total Energy: Oil Gas 

1,756 
 426 
 1.5 
 
 Metals Mining 

Polyvision Corp. 
 (10)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+8.50 
 13.96 
 2/21/2026 
 3,745 
 3,710 
 3,183 
 11.5 
 
 Polyvision Corp. 
 (10)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+8.50 
 13.96 
 2/21/2026 
 1,055 
 1,045 
 897 
 3.2 
 
 Polyvision Corp. (Delayed Draw) 
 (10)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+8.50 
 13.96 
 2/21/2026 
 143 
 143 
 122 
 0.4 
 
 Polyvision Corp. (Revolver) 
 (10)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+8.50 
 13.96 
 2/21/2026 
 977 
 909 
 831 
 3.0 
 
 Total Metals Mining 

5,807 
 5,033 
 18.1 
 
 Retail 

Save-a-Lot 
 (11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+7.25 
 12.70 
 6/30/2026 
 995 
 895 
 853 
 3.1 
 
 Save-a-Lot 
 (11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+7.25 
 12.70 
 6/30/2026 
 466 
 261 
 243 
 0.9 
 
 Save-a-Lot 
 (10)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+7.25 
 12.70 
 6/30/2026 
 878 
 506 
 458 
 1.6 
 
 Total Retail 

1,662 
 1,554 
 5.6 
 
 Services: Business 

Hersha Hospitality Management 
 (11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+4.75 
 10.31 
 3/2/2026 
 4,715 
 4,633 
 4,666 
 16.8 

PSI Services LLC (Revolver) 
 (9)(11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+5.75 
 11.28 
 10/20/2025 
 298 
 298 
 277 
 1.0 
 
 PSI Services LLC (Delayed Draw) 
 (11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+5.75 
 11.28 
 10/19/2026 
 174 
 174 
 161 
 0.6 
 
 PSI Services LLC (Delayed Draw) 
 (11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+5.75 
 11.28 
 10/19/2026 
 412 
 412 
 382 
 1.4 

11 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 

 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

December
 31, 2023 (in thousands) 
 
 Portfolio Company (1) (2) (3) 
 Footnotes 
 Investment 
 Spread Above Reference Rate (4) 
 Interest Rate (4) (5) 
 Maturity Date 
 Principal / Par 
 Amount / 
 Shares (6) 
 Amortized 
 Cost (7) (8) 
 Fair Value 
 of Net Assets 

PSI Services LLC 
 (11) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 S+5.75 
 11.28 
 10/19/2026 
 2,751 
 2,718 
 2,553 
 9.2 

3,602 
 3,373 
 12.2 

Total Services: Business 

8,235 
 8,039 
 29.0 

Total Debt Investments 

26,412 
 23,351 
 84.0 

Equity investments - 2.0 

Energy: Oil Gas 

Permian Production Partners 
 (11) 
 Equity/Other 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 203,022 
 
 9 

Total Energy: Oil Gas 

9 

Retail 

Save-a-Lot 
 
 Equity/Other 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 2,464,384 
 
 18 

Total Retail 

18 

Service: Business 

YAK BLOCKER 2 LLC SERIES A 
 (11) 
 Equity/Other 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 422,178 
 2,514 
 251 
 0.9 
 
 YAK BLOCKER 2 LLC SERIES B-1 
 (11) 
 Equity/Other 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 1,130,232 
 1,923 
 268 
 1.0 
 
 YAK BLOCKER 2 LLC SERIES B-2 
 (11) 
 Equity/Other 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 120,558 
 205 
 29 
 0.1 
 
 YAK BLOCKER 2 LLC SERIES C-1 
 (11) 
 Equity/Other 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 30,451 
 4 

YAK BLOCKER 2 LLC SERIES C-2 
 (11) 
 Equity/Other 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 28,145 
 3 

Total Service: Business 

4,649 
 548 
 2.0 
 
 Total Equity Investments 

4,649 
 575 
 2.0 

Total Investments - 86.0 

31,061 
 23,926 
 86.0 

(1) Security may be an obligation of one or more entities affiliated with the named portfolio company. 

(2) All debt and equity investments are income producing unless otherwise noted. 

(3) All investments are non-controlled/non-affiliated investments as defined by the Investment Company Act
of 1940 (the 1940 Act ). The provisions of the 1940 Act classify investments based on the level of control that we maintain
in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally presumed to be non-controlled when
we own 25 or less of the portfolio company s voting securities and controlled when we own more than 25 of the portfolio
company s voting securities. The provisions of the 1940 Act also classify investments further based on the level of ownership that
we maintain in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally deemed as non-affiliated 
when we own less than 5 of a portfolio company s voting securities and affiliated when we own 5 or more of a portfolio
company s voting securities. 

(4) The periodic interest rate for all floating rate loans is indexed to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR (denoted as S ). Pursuant to the terms of the underlying credit agreements, the base interest rates typically
reset annually, semi-annually, quarterly or monthly at the borrower s option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset
periods for each loan. For each of these floating rate loans, the Consolidated Schedule of Investments presents the applicable margin
over SOFR based on each respective credit agreement. As of December 31, 2023, LIBOR rates ranged between 5.34 for 1-month LIBOR
to 5.36 for 3-month LIBOR. 

12 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 

 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

(5) For portfolio companies with multiple interest rate contracts under a single credit agreement, the interest
rate shown is a weighted average current interest rate in effect at December 31, 2023. 

(6) Unless noted otherwise, the principal amount (par amount) for all debt securities is denominated in U.S.
dollars. Equity investments are recorded as number of shares owned. 

(7) Cost represents amortized cost, inclusive of any capitalized paid-in-kind income PIK ), for
debt securities, and cost plus capitalized PIK, if any, for preferred stock. 

(8) As of December 31, 2023, the aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all securities, including
foreign currency forward contracts, in which there was an excess of value over tax cost was 0.2 million; the aggregate gross unrealized
depreciation for all securities, including foreign currency forward contracts, in which there was an excess of tax cost over value was
 8.9 million; the net unrealized depreciation was 8.7 million; the aggregate cost of securities for Federal income tax purposes was 32.6
million. 

(9) The investment is either a delayed draw loan or a revolving credit facility whereby some or all of the
investment commitment is undrawn as of December 31, 2023 (see Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies ). 

(10) The underlying credit agreement or indenture contains a PIK provision, whereby the issuer has either the
option or the obligation to make interest payments with the issuance of additional securities. The interest rate in the schedule represents
the current interest rate in effect for these investments. 

Coupon Rate 
 PIK Component 
 Cash Component 
 PIK Option 
 
 Accuride Corporation 
 S+6.87 
 1.62 
 S+5.25 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 1.62 . 
 
 Galls LLC 
 S+7.25 
 0.50 
 S+6.75 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 0.50 . 
 
 Galls LLC (Delayed Draw B) 
 S+7.25 
 0.50 
 S+6.75 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 0.50 . 
 
 Permian Production Partners 
 S+8.00 
 2.00 
 S+6.00 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 2.00 . 
 
 Polyvision Corp. 
 S+8.50 
 2.00 
 S+6.50 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 2.00 . 
 
 Polyvision Corp. 
 S+8.50 
 2.00 
 S+6.50 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 2.00 . 
 
 Polyvision Corp. (Delayed Draw) 
 S+8.50 
 2.00 
 S+6.50 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 2.00 . 
 
 Polyvision Corp. (Revolver) 
 S+8.50 
 2.00 
 S+6.50 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 2.00 . 
 
 Save-A-Lot 
 S+7.25 
 5.25 
 S+2.00 
 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 10.70 . 

(11) Investments value was determined using significant unobservable inputs (see Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies ). 

(12) Investment was on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2023, meaning that the Master Fu nd
has ceased recognizing interest income on these investments. As of December 31, 2023 ,
debt investments on non-accrual status represen ted 5.5 and 0.1 of total investments on an amortized cost basis and fair value
basis, respectively. 

See Unaudited Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

13 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 (in thousands, except share and per share
data, percentages and as otherwise indicated; 

 for example, with the word million 
or otherwise) 

Note 1. Principal Business and Organization 

Guggenheim Credit Income Fund
(the Master Fund was formed as a Delaware statutory trust on September 5, 2014. The Master Fund s investment objectives
are to provide its shareholders with current income, capital preservation and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation by investing
primarily in privately-negotiated loans to private middle market United States (U.S.) companies. On April 1, 2015, the Master Fund elected
to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940
Act ). The Master Fund commenced investment operations on April 2, 2015. The Master Fund serves as the master fund in a master fund/feeder
fund structure. The Master Fund issues its shares Shares or Common Shares to one or more affiliated feeder funds
in a continuous series of private placement transactions. 

In accordance with the offering
documents and the intention of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T GCIF 2016T and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 GCIF
2019 (together, the Feeder Funds to provide substantial shareholder liquidity, the Boards of Trustees of the Master
Fund and the Feeder Funds approved respective Plans of Liquidation for each company on March 30, 2021 (each, a Liquidation Plan ).
In accordance with the Liquidation Plans, the Board has declared multiple liquidating distributions. These distributions have been substantially
composed of return of capital and have decreased the net asset value of the Master Fund and Feeder Funds. As such, the value on shareholder s
investment statements has decreased as liquidating distributions have been paid. 

In accordance with the Liquidation
Plan, the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds will remain registered as a BDC and intend to maintain their qualifications, as regulated investment
company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 

Guggenheim Partners Investment
Management, LLC Guggenheim or the Advisor is responsible for sourcing potential investments, analyzing and conducting
due diligence on prospective investment opportunities, structuring investments and ongoing monitoring of the Master Fund s investment
portfolio. 

On September 30, 2022, Hamilton
Finance LLC Hamilton ), a previous, wholly-owned, special purpose financing subsidiary of the Master Fund was dissolved. 

Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation 

Management has determined
that the Master Fund meets the definition of an investment company and adheres to the accounting and reporting guidance in the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946 Financial Services
 Investment Companies ASC 946 ). 

The Master Fund s interim
consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-Q and the disclosure requirements
as stipulated in Articles 6 and 10 of Regulation S-X, and therefore do not necessarily include all information and notes necessary for
a fair statement of financial position and results of operations in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP ). In the opinion of management, the unaudited consolidated financial information for the interim period presented
in this Report reflects all normal and recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of financial position and results from operations.
Operating results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year. 

Principles of Consolidation 

As provided under ASC 946,
the Master Fund will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than an investment in an investment company or an operating
company whose business consists of providing substantially all of its services to the benefit of the Master Fund. Accordingly, the Master
Fund consolidated the results of its wholly-owned subsidiary in its consolidated financial statements. All intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated. 

14 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, (ii) the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported
period and (iii) disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ
materially from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash consists of demand deposits
held at a major U.S. financial institution and the amount recorded on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities exceeds the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limit. Management believes the credit risk related to its demand deposits is minimal. 

Cash equivalents include short-term,
highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less. As of September 30, 2024, the Master Fund s cash equivalents
of 2.3 million were held in a U.S. Bank money market deposit account. As of December 31, 2023, the Master Fund s cash equivalents
of 3.7 million were held in a U.S. Bank money market deposit account. The U.S. Bank money market deposit account is considered a Level
1 security within the fair value hierarchy. Cash and cash equivalents, at times, may exceed federal insured limits. 

Valuation of Investments 

The Master Fund measures the
value of its investments in accordance with ASC Topic 820 Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ), issued by the
FASB. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous
market (which may be a hypothetical market) that are independent, knowledgeable and willing and able to transact. In accordance with ASC
820, the Master Fund considers its principal market to be the market that has the greatest volume and level of activity. 

ASC 820 defines hierarchical
levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs used to determine fair values of assets and liabilities.
The hierarchical levels and types of inputs used to measure fair value for each level are described as follows: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices are available
in active markets for identical investments as of the reporting date. Publicly listed equities and debt securities, publicly listed derivatives,
money market/short-term investment funds and foreign currency are generally included in Level 1. The Master Fund does not adjust the quoted
price for these investments. 

Level 2 - Valuation inputs are other than
quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date, and fair value is determined
through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. In certain cases, debt and equity securities are valued on the basis of prices
from orderly transactions for similar investments in active markets between market participants and provided by reputable dealers or independent
pricing services. In determining the value of a particular investment, independent pricing services may use certain information with respect
to transactions in such investments, quotations from multiple dealers or brokers, pricing matrices, market transactions in comparable
investments and various relationships between investments. Investments generally included in this category are corporate bonds and loans. 

Level 3 - Valuation inputs are unobservable
for the investment and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs into the determination
of fair value require significant judgment or estimation. Investments generally included in this category are illiquid corporate bonds
and loans and preferred stock investments that lack observable market pricing. 

In certain cases, the inputs
used to measure fair value may fall within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within
the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Depending on the relative
liquidity in the markets for certain investments, the Master Fund may transfer assets to Level 3 if it determines that observable quoted
prices, obtained directly or indirectly, are severely limited, or not available, or otherwise not reliable. The Master Fund s assessment
of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and the consideration of factors specific to
the investment. 

15 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

Investments for which market
quotations are readily available are valued using market quotations, which are generally obtained from independent pricing services, broker-dealers
or market makers. With respect to the Master Fund s portfolio investments for which market quotations are not readily available,
the Master Fund s board of trustees Board of Trustees ), including our trustees who are not interested persons 
as defined in the 1940 Act (the Independent Trustees ), is responsible for determining in good faith the fair value of the
Master Fund s portfolio investments in accordance with the valuation policy and procedures approved by the Board of Trustees. Pursuant
to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act Rule 2a-5 ), the Board of Trustees has designated the Advisor as the valuation designee
to perform fair valuation determinations for the Master Fund with respect to all Fund investments and/or other assets. The Advisor conducts
a fair value determination process on a quarterly basis and any other time when a decision regarding the fair value of the portfolio investments
is required. 

The U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC adopted Rule 2a-5 which establishes requirements for determining fair value in good faith and became
effective September 8, 2022. Rule 2a-5 also defines when readily available market quotations for purposes of the 1940 Act
and establishes requirements for determining whether a fund must fair value a security in good faith. 

The valuation techniques used
by the Master Fund for the assets that are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are described below. 

Senior Debt and Subordinated Debt: Senior
debt and subordinated debt investments are valued at initial transaction price and are subsequently valued using (i) market data
for similar instruments (e.g., recent transactions or indicative broker quotes), and/or (ii) valuation models. Valuation models
may be based on investment yield analysis and discounted cash flow techniques, where the key inputs include risk-adjusted discount rates
and required rates of return, based on the analysis of similar debt investments issued by similar issuers. 

Equity/Other Investments: Equity/other
investments are valued at initial transaction price and are subsequently valued using valuation models in the absence of readily observable
market prices. Valuation models are generally based on (i) market and income (discounted cash flow) approaches, in which various internal
and external factors are considered, and (ii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA multiples
analysis. Factors include key financial inputs and recent public and private transactions for comparable investments. Key inputs used
for the discounted cash flow approach include the weighted average cost of capital and investment terminal values derived from EBITDA
multiples. An illiquidity discount may be applied where appropriate. 

The Master Fund utilizes several
valuation techniques that use unobservable pricing inputs and assumptions in determining the fair value of its Level 3 investments. The
valuation techniques, as well as the key unobservable inputs that have a significant impact on the Master Fund s investments classified
and valued as Level 3 in the valuation hierarchy, are described in Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments .
The unobservable inputs and assumptions may differ by asset and in the application of the Master Fund s valuation methodologies.
The reported fair value estimates could vary materially if the Master Fund had chosen to incorporate different unobservable pricing inputs
and assumptions. 

The determination of fair
value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of portfolio investments
that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of investments may differ materially from the values that would have
been determined had a readily available market value existed for such investments. Further, such investments are generally less liquid
than publicly traded securities. If the Master Fund was required to liquidate a portfolio investment that does not have a readily available
market value in a forced or liquidation sale, the Master Fund could realize significantly less value than the value recorded by the Master
Fund. 

16 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

Security Transactions and Realized/Unrealized
Gains or Losses 

Investments purchased on a
secondary market basis are recorded on the trade date. Loan originations are recorded on the funding date. All investments sold are derecognized
on the trade date. The Master Fund measures realized gains or losses from the repayment or sale of investments using the specific lot
identification method. Realized gains or losses are measured by the difference between (i) the net proceeds from the repayment or sale,
inclusive of any prepayment premiums and (ii) the amortized cost basis of the investment without regard to unrealized appreciation or
depreciation previously recognized and include investments charged off during the period, net of recoveries. Unrealized appreciation or
depreciation primarily measures the change in investment values, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation
or depreciation when gains or losses are realized. The amortized cost basis of investments includes (i) the original cost, net of
original issue discount and loan origination fees, if any, and (ii) adjustments for the accretion/amortization of market discounts
and premiums. The Master Fund reports changes in fair value of investments as net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on
investments in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Interest Income 

Interest income is recorded
on an accrual basis and includes amortization of premiums to par value and accretion of discounts to par value. Discounts and premiums
to par value on securities purchased are accreted/amortized into interest income over the life of the respective security using the effective
interest method, or straight-line method, as applicable. Loan origination, closing and other fees received by the Master Fund directly
or indirectly from borrowers in connection with the closing of investments are accreted over the contractual life of the debt investment
as interest income based on the effective interest method. 

Certain of the Master Fund s
investments in debt securities may contain a contractual payment-in-kind PIK interest provision. The PIK provisions generally
feature the obligation, or the option, at each interest payment date of making interest payments in (i) cash, (ii) additional
securities or (iii) a combination of cash and additional securities. PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in
the investment s credit agreement, is accrued as interest income and recorded as interest receivable up to the interest payment
date. On the interest payment date, the Master Fund will capitalize the accrued interest receivable attributable to PIK as additional
principal due from the borrower. When additional PIK securities are received on the interest payment date, they typically have the same
terms, including maturity dates and interest rates, as the original securities issued. PIK interest generally becomes due on the investment s
maturity date or call date. 

If the portfolio company s
valuation indicates the value of the PIK security is not sufficient to cover the contractual PIK interest, the Master Fund will not accrue
additional PIK interest income and will record an allowance for any accrued PIK interest receivable as a reduction of interest income
in the period the Master Fund determines it is not collectible. 

Debt securities are placed
on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are at least 90 days past due or when there is reasonable doubt that principal
or interest will be collected. Generally, accrued interest is reversed against interest income when a debt security is placed on non-accrual
status. Interest payments received on debt securities on non-accrual status may be recognized as interest income or applied to principal
based on management s judgment. Debt securities on non-accrual status are restored to accrual status when past due principal and
interest are paid, and, in management s judgment, such securities are likely to remain current on interest payment obligations.
The Master Fund may make exceptions to this treatment if the debt security has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. 

Dividend Income 

Dividend income on preferred
equity securities is recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company
and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies
or on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Each distribution received from limited liability company LLC and limited partnership LP equity investments is evaluated to determine if the distribution should be recorded as dividend
income or a return of capital. Generally, the Master Fund will not record distributions from equity investments in LLCs and LPs as dividend
income unless there are sufficient accumulated tax basis earnings and profits in the LLC or LP prior to the distribution. Distributions
that are classified as a return of capital are recorded as a reduction in the cost basis of the investment. 

17 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

Fee Income 

Guggenheim, or its affiliates,
may provide financial advisory services to portfolio companies and in return may receive fees for capital structuring services. Guggenheim
is obligated to remit to the Master Fund any earned capital structuring fees based on the pro rata portion of the Master Fund s
investment in originated co-investment transactions. These fees are generally non-recurring and are recognized as fee income by the Master
Fund upon the earlier of the investment commitment date or investment closing date. The Master Fund may also receive fees for investment
commitments, amendments to credit agreements and other services rendered to portfolio companies. Such fees are recognized as fee income
when earned or when the services are rendered. 

Derivative Instruments 

Derivative instruments solely
consist of foreign currency forward contracts. The Master Fund recognizes all derivative instruments as assets or liabilities at fair
value in its consolidated financial statements. Foreign currency forward contracts entered into by the Master Fund are not designated
as hedging instruments, and as a result, the Master Fund presents changes in fair value through net change in unrealized appreciation
(depreciation) on foreign currency forward contracts in the consolidated statements of operations. Realized gains and losses that occur
upon the cash settlement of the foreign currency forward contracts are included in net realized gains (losses) on foreign currency forward
contracts on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Foreign Currency Translation, Transactions and Gains (Losses) 

Foreign currency amounts are
translated into U.S. dollars on the following basis: (i) at the exchange rate on the last business day of the reporting period for the
fair value of investment securities, other assets and liabilities; and (ii) at the prevailing exchange rate on the respective recording
dates for the purchase and sale of investment securities, income, expenses, gains and losses. 

Net assets and fair values
are presented based on the applicable foreign exchange rates described above and the Master Fund does not isolate that portion of the
results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from the fluctuations arising from changes in fair
values of investments held; therefore, fluctuations related to foreign exchange rate conversions are included with the net realized gains
(losses) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments. 

Net realized gains or losses
on foreign currency transactions arise from sales of foreign currency, currency gains or losses realized between the trade and settlement
dates on securities transactions and the difference between the amounts of dividends, interest and foreign withholding taxes recorded
by the Master Fund and the U.S. dollar equivalent of the amounts actually received or paid by the Master Fund. 

Unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
from foreign currency translation for foreign currency forward contracts is included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
on foreign currency forward contracts in the consolidated statements of operations and is included in accumulated
earnings (loss), net of distributions on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. 

Investment Advisory Fees 

The Master Fund incurs investment
advisory fees including: (i) a base management fee and (ii) a performance-based incentive fee which includes (a) an incentive fee
on income and (b) an incentive fee on capital gains, due to Guggenheim pursuant to an investment advisory agreement between the Master
Fund and Guggenheim (the Investment Advisory Agreement as described in Note 6. Related Party Agreements and Transactions . The two components of the performance-based incentive fee will be combined and expensed in the consolidated statements
of operations and accrued in the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities as accrued performance-based incentive fee. Pursuant
to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the incentive fee on capital gains is determined and payable in arrears as of the end
of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement) based on the Master Fund s realized capital gains
on a cumulative basis from inception, net of all realized capital losses and unrealized depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate
amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. Although the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement do not provide for
the inclusion of unrealized gains in the calculation of the incentive fee on capital gains, the Master Fund includes unrealized gains
in the calculation of the incentive fee on capital gains in accordance with GAAP. Therefore the accrued amount, if any, represents an
estimate of the incentive fees that may be payable to Guggenheim if the Master Fund s entire investment portfolio was liquidated
at its fair value as of the date of the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, even though Guggenheim is not entitled to any
incentive fee based on unrealized appreciation unless and until such unrealized appreciation is realized. 

18 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

Deferred Financing Costs 

Deferred financing costs represent
fees and other direct incremental costs incurred in connection with the arrangement of the Master Fund s borrowings. These costs are presented
in the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities as a direct deduction of the debt liability to which the costs pertain. These
costs are amortized using the effective interest method and are included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations
over the life of the borrowings. 

Distributions 

Distributions to the Master
Fund s common shareholders are periodically declared by its Board of Trustees and recognized as a liability on the record date. 

Federal Income Taxes 

Beginning with its tax year
ended December 31, 2015, the Master Fund has elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and thereafter intends to maintain
its qualification, as a RIC under the Code. Generally, a RIC is not subject to federal income taxes on distributed income and gains if
it distributes dividends in a timely manner out of assets legally available for distributions to its shareholders of an amount generally
at least equal to 90 of its Investment Company Taxable Income, as defined in the Code. The Master Fund intends to distribute
sufficient dividends to maintain its RIC status each year and it does not anticipate paying a material level of federal income taxes. 

The Master Fund is generally
subject to nondeductible federal excise taxes if it does not distribute dividends to its shareholders in respect of each calendar year
of an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of its net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections)
for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of its capital gain net income i.e. , capital gains in excess of capital losses), adjusted
for certain ordinary losses, for the one-year period generally ending on October 31 st of the calendar year and (iii) any
net ordinary income and capital gain net income for preceding calendar years that were not distributed during such calendar years and
on which the Master Fund paid no federal income tax. The Master Fund may, at its discretion, pay a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax
on under-distribution of taxable ordinary income and capital gains. 

The Master Fund follows ASC
740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured,
presented and disclosed in the financial statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in
the course of preparing our tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained
by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recorded as a tax benefit or
expense in the current year. Penalties or interest, if applicable, that may be assessed relating to income taxes would be classified as
other expenses in the statements of operations. Management has reviewed all open tax years and concluded that there is no effect to the
Master Funds financial positions or results of operations and no tax liability was required to be recorded resulting from unrecognized
tax benefits relating to uncertain income tax position taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. During this period, the Master Fund
did not incur any material interest or penalties. Open tax years are those years that are open for examination by the relevant income
taxing authority. As of September 30, 2024, open U.S. Federal and state income tax years include the tax years ended December 31,
2021 through December 31, 2023. The Master Fund has no examinations in progress. Management s determinations regarding ASC 740 may
be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based upon factors including, but not limited to, an on-going analysis of tax laws,
regulations and interpretations thereof. 

Note 3. Investments 

The following table presents
the composition of the investment portfolio at amortized cost and fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
respectively, with corresponding percentages of total investments at fair value: 

Schedule of investment portfolio at amortized cost and fair value 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

Amortized Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Percentage of 
 Investments at Fair 
Value 
 Amortized Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Percentage of 
 Investments at Fair 
Value 
 
 Senior secured loans - first lien 
 13,010 
 9,312 
 98.0 
 24,954 
 23,330 
 97.4 
 
 Senior secured bonds 
 1,451 
 43 
 0.5 
 1,458 
 21 
 0.1 
 
 Total senior debt 
 14,461 
 9,355 
 98.5 
 26,412 
 23,351 
 97.5 
 
 Equity and other 
 2 
 139 
 1.5 
 4,649 
 575 
 2.5 
 
 Total investments 
 14,463 
 9,494 
 100.0 
 31,061 
 23,926 
 100.0 

19 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

The following table presents
the composition of the investment portfolio by industry classifications at amortized cost and fair value as of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, respectively, with corresponding percentages of total investments at fair value: 

Schedule of investment portfolio at amortized cost and fair value 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Industry Classification 
 Amortized Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Percentage of 
 Investments at Fair 
Value 
 Amortized Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Percentage of 
 Investments at Fair 
Value 
 
 Services: Business 
 571 
 568 
 6.0 
 12,884 
 8,587 
 35.9 
 
 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

4,543 
 4,479 
 18.7 
 
 Metals Mining 
 5,984 
 3,963 
 41.7 
 5,807 
 5,033 
 21.0 
 
 Automotive 
 3,569 
 2,415 
 25.5 
 3,460 
 2,870 
 12.0 
 
 Retail 
 1,741 
 1,312 
 13.8 
 1,662 
 1,572 
 6.6 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 
 943 
 944 
 9.9 
 949 
 950 
 4.0 
 
 Energy: Oil Gas 
 1,655 
 292 
 3.1 
 1,756 
 435 
 1.8 
 
 Total investments 
 14,463 
 9,494 
 100.0 
 31,061 
 23,926 
 100.0 

The following table presents
the geographic dispersion of the investment portfolio as a percentage of total investments at fair value as of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023: 

Schedule of investment portfolio as a percentage 

Geographic Dispersion 
 September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 United States of America 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 Total investments 
 100.0 
 100.0 

Note 4. Derivative Instruments 

The Master Fund may enter
into foreign currency forward contracts from time to time to facilitate settlement of purchases and sales of investments denominated in
foreign currencies and to economically hedge the impact that an adverse change in foreign exchange rates would have on the value of the
Master Fund s investments denominated in foreign currencies. A foreign currency forward contract is a commitment to purchase or sell a
foreign currency at a future date at a negotiated forward rate. These contracts are marked-to-market by recognizing the difference between
the contract forward exchange rate and the forward market exchange rate on the last day of the period presented as unrealized appreciation
or depreciation. Realized gains or losses are recognized when forward contracts are settled. Risks arise as a result of the potential
inability of the counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts; the Master Fund attempts to limit counterparty risk by only dealing
with well-known counterparties and those that it believes have the financial resources to honor their obligations. As of September 30,
2024, there are no open foreign currency forward contracts. 

The following table presents
the net realized and unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments recorded by the Master Fund for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 

Schedule of net realized and unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

Statement Location 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Net realized gains (losses) 

Foreign currency forward contracts 
 Net realized gains (losses) on foreign currency forward contracts 

101 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

Foreign currency forward contracts 
 Net change in unrealized (depreciation) on foreign currency forward contracts 

(73 
 
 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on foreign currency forward contracts 

28 

20 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

For derivatives traded under
an International Swaps and Derivatives Association Master Agreement ISDA Master Agreement ), the collateral requirements are
typically calculated by netting the mark-to-market amount for each transaction under such agreement and comparing that amount to the value
of any collateral currently pledged by the Master Fund and/or the counterparty. Cash collateral that has been pledged, if any, to cover
obligations of the Master Fund and cash collateral received from the counterparty, if any, is reported on the consolidated statements
of assets and liabilities as collateral deposits (received) for foreign currency forward contracts. Generally, the amount of collateral
due from or to a party has to exceed a minimum transfer amount threshold before a transfer is required. To the extent amounts due to the
Master Fund from a counterparty are not fully collateralized, the Master Fund bears the risk of loss from counterparty non-performance. 

Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The
following tables present the segmentation of the investment portfolio at fair value, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, according to the fair value hierarchy as described in Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies : 

Schedule of investment portfolio at fair value 

September 30, 2024 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Investments 

Senior secured loans - first lien 
 
 2,415 
 6,897 
 9,312 
 
 Senior secured loans - second lien 

Senior secured bonds 
 
 43 
 
 43 
 
 Total senior debt 
 
 2,458 
 6,897 
 9,355 
 
 Equity and other 

139 
 139 
 
 Total investments 
 
 2,458 
 7,036 
 9,494 
 
 Percentage 
 0.0 
 25.9 
 74.1 
 100.0 

December 31, 2023 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Investments 

Senior secured loans - first lien 
 
 3,275 
 20,055 
 23,330 
 
 Senior secured loans - second lien 

Senior secured bonds 
 
 21 
 
 21 
 
 Total senior debt 
 
 3,296 
 20,055 
 23,351 
 
 Equity and other 

575 
 575 
 
 Total investments 
 
 3,296 
 20,630 
 23,926 
 
 Percentage 
 0.0 
 13.8 
 86.2 
 100.0 

21 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

Significant Level 3 Unobservable Inputs 

The following tables present
quantitative information related to the significant Level 3 unobservable inputs associated with the determination of fair value for certain
investments as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

Schedule of significant Level 3 unobservable inputs 

September 30, 2024 
 
 Asset Category 
 Fair Value 
 Valuation Techniques (1) 
 Unobservable Inputs (2) 
 Weighted Average 
 Input Value 
 Range (3) 
 Impact to Valuation 
 from an Increase in 
 Input (4) 
 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 857 
 Yield analysis 
 Yield 
 22.39 
 22.39 
 Decrease 

5,356 
 Discounted cash flow 
 Discount Rate 
 19.86 
 9.55 - 22.95 
 Decrease 

437 
 Recovery analysis 
 Recovery Percentage 
 52.15 
 52.15 
 Increase 
 
 Equity/Other 
 2 
 Market comparable 
 Cash Flow Multiple 
 4.6x 
 4.6x 
 Increase 

Market comparable 
 Oil production multiple (5) 
 26333x 
 26333x 
 Increase 

Market comparable 
 Oil reserve multiple (6) 
 9.9x 
 9.9x 
 Increase 

119 
 Discounted cash flow 
 Discount Rate 
 17.63 
 17.63 
 Decrease 

18 
 Market comparable 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 5.15x 
 4.8x-5.5x 
 Increase 
 
 Total 
 6,789 

(1) For the investments that have more than one valuation technique, the Master Fund may rely on the stated
techniques individually or in the aggregate based on a weight ascribed to each valuation technique, ranging from 0 to 100 . 

(2) The Master Fund generally uses prices provided by an independent pricing service, or directly from an
independent broker, which are non-binding indicative prices on or near the valuation date as the primary basis for the fair valuation
determinations for quoted senior secured bonds and loans. Since these prices are non-binding, they may not be indicative of fair value.
Each quoted price is evaluated by Guggenheim in conjunction with additional information compiled by it, including financial performance,
recent business developments and various other factors. Investments with fair values determined in this manner were not included in the
table above. As of September 30, 2024, the Master Fund held no investments of this nature. 

(3) A range is not provided when there is only one investment within the classification or multiple investments
that have the same unobservable input; weighted average amounts are based on the estimated fair values. 

(4) This column represents the directional change in the fair value of the Level 3 investments that would
result from an increase to the corresponding unobservable input. A decrease to the unobservable input would have the opposite effect.
Significant changes in these inputs in isolation could result in significantly higher or lower fair value measurements. 

(5) Oil production multiple is valued based on thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (MBOE/d). 

(6) Oil reserve multiple is valued based on million barrels of oil equivalent (MMBOE). 

December 31, 2023 
 
 Asset Category 
 Fair Value 
 Valuation Techniques (1) 
 Unobservable Inputs (2) 
 Weighted Average 
 Input Value 
 Range (3) 
 Impact to Valuation 
 from an Increase in 
 Input (4) 
 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 853 
 Yield analysis 
 Yield 
 19.96 
 19.96 
 Decrease 

18,501 
 Discounted cash flow 
 Discount Rate 
 15.29 
 9.55 - 22.95 
 Decrease 

701 
 Recovery analysis 
 Recovery Percentage 
 52.15 
 52.15 
 Decrease 
 
 Equity/Other 
 9 
 Market comparable 
 Cash Flow Multiple 
 4.6x 
 4.6x 
 Increase 

18 
 Market comparable 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 5.15x 
 4.8x - 5.5x 
 Increase 

Market comparable 
 Oil production multiple (5) 
 26333x 
 26333x 
 Increase 

Market comparable 
 Oil reserve multiple (6) 
 9.9x 
 9.9x 
 Increase 

548 
 Discounted cash flow 
 Discount Rate 
 17.63 
 17.63 
 Decrease 
 
 Total 
 20,630 

22 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

(1) For the investments that have more than one valuation technique, the Master Fund may rely on the stated
techniques individually or in the aggregate based on a weight ascribed to each valuation technique, ranging from 0 to 100 . 

(2) The Master Fund generally uses prices provided by an independent
pricing service, or directly from an independent broker, which are non-binding indicative prices on or near the valuation date as the
primary basis for the fair valuation determinations for quoted senior secured bonds and loans. Since these prices are non-binding, they
may not be indicative of fair value. Each quoted price is evaluated by Guggenheim in conjunction with additional information compiled
by it, including financial performance, recent business developments and various other factors. Investments with fair values determined
in this manner were not included in the table above. As of December 31, 2023, the Master Fund held no investments of this nature. 

(3) A range is not provided when there is only one investment within the classification or multiple investments
that have the same unobservable input; weighted average amounts are based on the estimated fair values. 

(4) This column represents the directional change in the fair value of the Level 3 investments that would
result from an increase to the corresponding unobservable input. A decrease to the unobservable input would have the opposite effect.
Significant changes in these inputs in isolation could result in significantly higher or lower fair value measurements. 

(5) Oil production multiple is valued based on thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (MBOE/d). 

(6) Oil reserve multiple is valued based on million barrels of oil equivalent (MMBOE). 

In addition to the Level 3 valuation
methodologies and unobservable inputs noted above, the Master Fund, in accordance with its valuation policy, may also use other valuation
techniques and methodologies when determining the fair value estimates for its investments. 

The following tables present a
roll-forward of the fair value changes for all investments for which the Master Fund determines fair value using Level 3 unobservable inputs
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 

Schedule of fair value changes in investments 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien 
 Senior Secured Bonds 
 Equity and Other 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of July 1, 2024 
 7,664 

141 
 7,805 
 
 Additions (1) 
 86 

86 
 
 Sales and repayments (2) 
 (175 

(175 
 
 Net realized gains (3) 
 22 

22 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments (4) 
 (713 

(2 
 (715 
 
 Net discount accretion 
 13 

13 
 
 Transfers into Level 3 (5) 

Transfers out of Level 3 (6) 

Fair value balance as of September 30, 2024 
 6,897 

139 
 7,036 
 
 Change in net unrealized depreciation on investments held as of September 30, 2024 
 (713 

(1 
 (714 

23 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien 
 Senior Secured Bonds 
 Equity and Other 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2024 
 20,055 

575 
 20,630 
 
 Additions (1) 
 464 

464 
 
 Sales and repayments (2) 
 (12,643 

(1,142 
 (13,785 
 
 Net realized gains (losses) (3) 
 150 

(3,506 
 (3,356 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (4) 
 (1,483 

4,212 
 2,729 
 
 Net discount accretion 
 13 

13 
 
 Transfers into Level 3 (5) 
 341 

341 
 
 Transfers out of Level 3 (6) 

Fair value balance as of September 30, 2024 
 6,897 

139 
 7,036 
 
 Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments held as of September 30, 2024 
 (1,542 

118 
 (1,424 

(1) Includes increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new and incremental portfolio investments,
including the capitalization of PIK income. 

(2) Includes principal payments/paydowns on debt investments and proceeds from sales of investments. 

(3) Included in net realized gains (losses) on investments on the consolidated statements of operations. 

(4) Included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments on the consolidated statements
of operations. 

(5) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, investments were transferred from Level 2
to Level 3 as valuation coverage was reduced to one independent pricing service without any corroborating recent trade or another broker
quotation or to a market or income approach based model. 

(6) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no investments transferred from
Level 3 to Level 2. 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien 
 Senior Secured Bonds 
 Equity and Other 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of July 1, 2023 
 22,408 
 572 
 
 412 
 23,392 
 
 Additions (1) 
 146 
 30 

176 
 
 Sales and repayments (2) 
 (2,430 

(2,430 
 
 Net realized gains (3) 
 37 

37 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments (4) 
 (273 
 (118 
 
 42 
 (349 
 
 Net discount accretion 
 17 

17 
 
 Fair value balance as of September 30, 2023 
 19,905 
 484 
 
 454 
 20,843 
 
 Change in net unrealized depreciation on investments held as of September 30, 2023 
 (283 
 (118 
 
 41 
 (360 

24 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 
 Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien 
 Senior Secured Bonds 
 Equity and Other 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2023 
 25,149 
 
 102 
 385 
 25,636 
 
 Additions (1) 
 1,000 
 602 
 
 4,650 
 6,252 
 
 Sales and repayments (2) 
 (7,684 

(317 
 (8,001 
 
 Net realized gains (3) 
 72 

317 
 389 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments (4) 
 (454 
 (118 
 
 (4,551 
 (5,123 
 
 Net discount accretion 
 54 

54 
 
 Transfers into Level 3 (5) 
 1,768 

1,768 
 
 Transfers out of Level 3 (6) 

(102 
 (30 
 (132 
 
 Fair value balance as of September 30, 2023 
 19,905 
 484 
 
 454 
 20,843 
 
 Change in net unrealized depreciation on investments held as of September 30, 2023 
 (463 

(71 
 (534 

(1) Includes increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new and incremental portfolio investments,
including the capitalization of PIK income. 

(2) Includes principal payments/paydowns on debt investments and proceeds from sales of investments. 

(3) Included in net realized gains (losses) on investments on the consolidated statements of operations. 

(4) Included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments on the consolidated statements
of operations. 

(5) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, investments were transferred from Level 2
to Level 3 as valuation coverage was reduced to one independent pricing service without any corroborating recent trade or another broker
quotation. 

(6) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, investments were transferred from Level 3
to Level 2 as valuation coverage was initiated by more than one independent pricing services or by one independent pricing service with
a corroborating recent trade or another broker quotation. 

Note 6. Related Party Agreements and Transactions 

The Master Fund is affiliated
with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T GCIF 2016T and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 GCIF 2019 (together,
the Feeder Funds ). The membership of the Boards of Trustees for the Master Fund, GCIF 2016T and GCIF 2019 are identical. The
Feeder Funds have invested, and/or intend to invest, substantially all of the proceeds from their public offerings of common shares in
the acquisition of the Master Fund s Common Shares. 

One of the Master Fund s executive
officers, Brian Binder, Senior Vice President, serves as an executive officer of Guggenheim. All of the Master Fund s executive officers
also serve as executive officers of the Feeder Funds. 

Guggenheim and/or its affiliates
receive, as applicable, compensation for (i) investment advisory services, (ii) reimbursement of expenses in connection with investment
advisory activities, administrative services and organizing the Master Fund and (iii) capital markets services in connection with the
raising of equity capital for Feeder Funds affiliated with the Master Fund, as more fully discussed below. 

Investment Advisory Agreements and Compensation
of the Advisor 

The Master Fund is party to an
Investment Advisory Agreement with Guggenheim, pursuant to which the Master Fund agreed to pay Guggenheim an investment advisory fee consisting
of two components: (i) a management fee and (ii) a performance-based incentive fee. Guggenheim continues to be entitled to reimbursement
of certain expenses incurred on behalf of the Master Fund in connection with investment operations and investment transactions. 

Management Fees: The management
fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 based on the simple average of the Master Fund s gross assets at the end of the two most
recently completed calendar months and it is payable in arrears. 

Performance-based Incentive Fee: The
performance-based incentive fee consists of two parts: (i) an incentive fee on income and (ii) an incentive fee on capital gains. 

25 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

(i) The incentive fee on income is paid quarterly, if earned; it is computed as the sum of (A) 100 of
quarterly pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of 1.875 of average adjusted capital up to a limit of 2.344 of average adjusted
capital, and (B) 20 of pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of 2.344 of average adjusted capital. 

(ii) The incentive fee on capital gains is paid annually, if earned; it is equal to 20 of realized capital
gains on a cumulative basis from inception, net of (A) all realized capital losses and unrealized depreciation on a cumulative basis from
inception, and (B) the aggregate amount, if any, of previously paid incentive fees on capital gains. 

All fees are computed in accordance
with a detailed fee calculation methodology as approved by the Board of Trustees. 

The Investment Advisory Agreement
may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty: (i) by the Master Fund upon 60 days written notice to Guggenheim,
or (ii) by Guggenheim upon not less than 120 days written notice to the Master Fund. In the event that the Investment Advisory Agreement
is terminated by Guggenheim, and if the Independent Trustees elect to continue the Master Fund, then Guggenheim shall pay all direct expenses
incurred by the Master Fund as a result of Guggenheim s withdrawal, up to, but not exceeding 250,000. Unless earlier terminated, the
Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date on which the Master Fund s shareholders approved
the Investment Advisory Agreement and will remain in effect year to year thereafter if approved annually (i) by a majority of the Master
Fund s Independent Trustees and (ii) the Master Fund s Board of Trustees or the holders of a majority of the Master Fund s outstanding
voting securities. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

The Master Fund entered into an
administrative services agreement with Guggenheim (the Administrative Services Agreement whereby Guggenheim agreed to provide
administrative services to the Master Fund, including office facilities and equipment, and clerical, bookkeeping and record-keeping services.
More specifically, Guggenheim, serving as the administrator (the Administrator ), performs and oversees the Master Fund s required
administrative services, which included financial and corporate record-keeping, preparing and disseminating the Master Fund s reports
to its shareholders and filing reports with the SEC. In addition, the Administrator assists in determining net asset value, overseeing
the preparation and filing of tax returns, overseeing the payment of expenses and distributions and overseeing the performance of administrative
and professional services fees rendered by others. For providing these services, facilities and personnel, the Master Fund reimburses
the Administrator for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations
under the Administrative Services Agreement. To the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions, the Master Fund may
pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis, without incremental profit to the Administrator. 

The Administrative Services Agreement
may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty: (i) by the Master Fund upon 60 days written notice to the Administrator
upon the vote of the Master Fund s Independent Trustees, or (ii) by the Administrator upon not less than 120 days written notice to the
Master Fund. Unless earlier terminated, the Administrative Services Agreement will remain in effect for two years, and thereafter shall
continue automatically for successive one-year periods if approved annually by a majority of the Board of Trustees and the Master Fund s
Independent Trustees. 

Dealer Manager Agreement 

The Master fund is party to a
dealer manager agreement, as amended (the Dealer Manager Agreement with Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC GFD an affiliate of Guggenheim. Under the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement, GFD is to act on a best efforts basis as the exclusive dealer
manager for (i) GCIF 2016T s and GCIF 2019 s public offerings of common shares and (ii) the public offering of common shares for future
feeder funds affiliated with the Master Fund. The Master Fund is not responsible for the compensation of GFD pursuant to the terms of
the Dealer Manager Agreement; therefore, fees compensating GFD are not presented in this periodic report. As to a Feeder Fund, the Deal
Manager Agreement may be terminated by a Feeder Fund or GFD upon 60 calendar days written notice to the other party. 

Capital Structuring Fees and Administrative
Agency Fees 

Guggenheim and its affiliates
are obligated to remit to the Master Fund any earned capital structuring fees and administrative agency fees i.e. loan administration
fees) based on the Master Fund s pro rata portion of the co-investment transactions or originated investments in which the Master
Fund participates. 

Summary of Related Party Transactions 

The following table presents the
related party fees, expenses and transactions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 

26 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

Schedule of related party fees, expenses and transactions 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 
 Related Party (1) (2) 
 Source Agreement Description 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Expenses: 

Guggenheim 
 Investment Advisory Agreement - management fee 
 55 
 156 
 290 
 597 
 
 Guggenheim 
 Administrative Services Agreement - expense reimbursement 
 82 
 92 
 253 
 290 

Income: 

Guggenheim 
 Share on capital structuring fees and administrative agency fees 
 2 
 2 
 5 
 6 

(1) Related party transactions not included in the table above consist of Independent Trustees fees and expenses
and sales and repurchase of the Master Fund Shares to/from affiliated Feeder Funds as disclosed in the Master Fund s consolidated statements
of operations and consolidated statements of changes in net assets, respectively. In accordance with the Liquidation Plan, the Master
Fund s share repurchase program has been suspended effective March 31, 2021. 

(2) As of September 30, 2024 and September 30,
2023 , the Master Fund had accumulated net realized capital losses and
net unrealized depreciation and therefore, Guggenheim did not earn any performance-based incentive fee during the respective period. 

Co-Investment Transactions Exemptive Relief 

The Master Fund was granted an
SEC exemptive order which grants the Master Fund exemptive relief permitting the Master Fund, subject to the satisfaction of specific
conditions and requirements, to co-invest in privately negotiated investment transactions with certain affiliates of Guggenheim. 

Indemnification 

The Investment Advisory Agreement
and Administrative Services Agreement provide certain indemnifications to Guggenheim, its directors, officers, persons associated with
Guggenheim and its affiliates, including the administrator. In addition, the Master Fund s Declaration of Trust, as amended, provides
certain indemnifications to its officers, trustees, agents and certain other persons. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, management believes that the risk of incurring any losses for such indemnifications is remote. 

Note 7. Borrowings 

Hamilton Credit Facility 

On December 17, 2015, Hamilton
initially entered into a senior-secured term loan, as amended (the Hamilton Credit Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National
Association JPM ), as administrative agent, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association,
as collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary. 

On November 29, 2021, Hamilton
repaid in full all outstanding amounts due in connection with, and terminated all commitments under, the Hamilton Credit Facility. On
September 30, 2022, Hamilton was dissolved. 

Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies 

The amounts associated with unfunded
commitments to provide funds to portfolio companies are not recorded in the Master Fund s consolidated statements of assets and
liabilities. Since these commitments and the associated amounts may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does
not necessarily represent a future cash requirement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Master Fund s
unfunded commitments consisted of the following: 

Schedule of unfunded commitments 

Total Unfunded Commitments 
 
 Category / Portfolio Company (1) 
 September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Galls LLC (Revolver) 
 
 270 
 
 PSI Services LLC (Revolver) 
 15 
 (2) 
 
 Total Unfunded Commitments 
 15 
 270 

(1) May pertain to commitments to one or more entities affiliated with the named portfolio company. 

(2) Amount is less than 1,000. 

27 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

Note 9. Financial Highlights 

The following per Common Share
data and financial ratios have been derived from information provided in the consolidated financial statements. The following is a schedule
of financial highlights during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 

Schedule of financial highlights 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 PER COMMON SHARE OPERATING PERFORMANCE 

Net asset value, beginning of period 
 1.09 
 2.39 
 
 Net investment income (1) 
 0.01 
 0.04 
 
 Net realized losses (1) 
 (0.13 
 (0.02 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (2) 
 0.08 
 0.03 
 
 Net increase (decrease) resulting from operations 
 (0.04 
 0.05 
 
 Distributions to Common Shareholders (3) 

Distributions from net investment income 
 (0.01 
 (0.04 
 
 Distributions representing return of capital 
 (0.58 
 (1.03 
 
 Net decrease resulting from distributions 
 (0.59 
 (1.07 
 
 Net asset value, end of period 
 0.46 
 1.37 

INVESTMENT RETURNS 

Total investment return (4) 
 (7.20 
 2.86 

RATIOS/SUPPLEMENTAL DATA 

Net assets, end of period 
 11,769 
 34,982 
 
 Average net assets (5) 
 21,761 
 45,552 
 
 Common Shares outstanding, end of period 
 25,594,125 
 25,594,125 
 
 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding 
 25,594,125 
 25,594,125 

Ratios-to-average net assets: (5) 

Total operating expenses 
 7.07 
 3.60 
 
 Net investment income 
 1.20 
 2.51 

Portfolio turnover rate (5) (6) 
 0.72 
 32.22 

(1) The per Common Share data was derived by using the weighted average Common Shares outstanding during the
period presented. 

(2) The amount shown at this caption is the balancing figure derived from the other figures in the schedule.
The amount shown at this caption for a Common Share outstanding throughout the period may not agree with the change in the aggregate appreciation
and depreciation in portfolio securities for the period because of the timing of sales of the Master Fund s Common Shares in relation
to fluctuating market values for the portfolio. 

(3) The per Common Share data for distributions is the actual amount of distributions declared per Common
Share outstanding during the entire period; distributions per Common Share are rounded to the nearest 0.01. For income tax purposes,
distributions made to shareholders are reported as ordinary income, capital gains, non-taxable return of capital or a combination thereof,
based on taxable income calculated in accordance with income tax regulations which may differ from amounts determined under GAAP. The
final determination of the tax character of distributions will not be made until we file our tax return. 

(4) Total investment return is based on (i) the purchase of Common
Shares at net asset value on the first day of the period, (ii) the sale at the net asset value per Common Share on the last day of the
period, of (A) all purchased Common Shares plus (B) any fractional Common Shares issued in connection with the reinvestment of distributions
and (iii) distributions payable relating to the ownership of Common Shares, if any, on the last day of the period. The total investment
return calculation assumes that cash distributions are reinvested concurrent with the issuance of Common Shares at the most recent transaction
price on or prior to each distribution payment date. Since there is no public market for the Master Fund s Common Shares, then the
terminal sales price per Common Share is assumed to be equal to net asset value per Common Share on the last day of the period. Total
investment return is not annualized. The Master Fund s performance changes over time and currently may be different than that shown
above. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 

28 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 

(5) The computation of average net assets, average outstanding borrowings and average value of portfolio securities
during the period is based on averaging the amount on the first day of the first month of the period and the last day of each month during
the period. 

(6) Portfolio turnover is calculated as the lesser of (i) purchases of portfolio securities or (ii) the aggregate
total of sales of portfolio securities plus any repayments received divided by the monthly average of the value of investment portfolio
owned by the Master Fund during the period. 

Note 10. Distributions 

The following table summarizes
the distributions that the Master Fund declared on its Common Shares during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30,
2023: 

Schedule of distributions 

Record Date 
 Payment Date 
 Distribution Per Common Share at Record Date 
 Distribution Per Common Share at Payment Date 
 Cash Distribution 
 
 For Calendar Year 2024 

June 20 
 June 21 
 0.59000 
 0.59000 
 15,101 

0.59000 
 15,101 

For Calendar Year 2023 

March 20 
 March 21 
 0.68000 
 0.68000 
 17,404 
 
 June 20 
 June 22 
 0.39000 
 0.39000 
 9,984 

1.07000 
 27,388 

Note 11. Subsequent Events 

Management has evaluated subsequent
events through the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements and has determined that there are no subsequent events
outside the ordinary scope of business that require adjustment to, or disclosure in, the consolidated financial statements. 

29 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per share
data, percentages and as otherwise indicated; for example, with the word million or otherwise) 

The information contained in this
Item 2 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this
Report. Capitalized terms used in this Item 2 have the same meaning as in the accompanying consolidated financial statements presented
in Part I. Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) , unless otherwise defined herein. 

Overview 

We are a specialty finance investment
company focused on lending to middle market companies. We were formed on September 5, 2014 as a statutory trust under the laws of
the State of Delaware and commenced investment operations on April 2, 2015. In addition, we have elected to be treated as a business development
company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). We are externally managed by
Guggenheim, which is responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting due diligence on prospective investments, analyzing investment
opportunities, structuring investments, determining the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain or sell, and monitoring
our portfolio on an ongoing basis. 

We serve as the master fund in
a master/feeder fund structure in that one or more feeder funds (each, a Feeder Fund ), each a separate closed-end management
investment company that has adopted our investment objectives and strategies, invests substantially all of its equity capital in our common
shares Shares or Common Shares ). Presently, our shareholders are the two initial shareholders and two Feeder
Funds. 

Beginning with the taxable year
ended December 31, 2015, we have elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 

Plan of Liquidation 

In accordance with the offering
documents and the intention of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T GCIF 2016T and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 GCIF
2019 (together, the Feeder Funds to provide substantial shareholder liquidity, the Boards of Trustees of the Master
Fund and the Feeder Funds approved respective Plans of Liquidation for each company on March 30, 2021 (each, a Liquidation Plan ).
In accordance with the Liquidation Plans, the Board has declared multiple liquidating distributions which are outlined in the table below.
These distributions have been substantially composed of return of capital and have decreased the net asset value of the Master Fund and
Feeder Funds. As such, the value on shareholder s investment statements has decreased as liquidating distributions have been paid. 

For the Master Fund, as of November 13,
2024, over 99 of the NAV has been declared to be paid to shareholders in the form of liquidating distributions. 

The table below is intended to
highlight some relevant metrics associated with the Plans of Liquidation in thousands). 

Noted Information 
 GCIF (Master Fund) 
 GCIF 2016 T 
 GCIF 2019 
 
 Cumulative Liquidating Distributions declared per share through November 13, 2024 
 7.82 
 8.17 
 22.57 
 
 Number of Portfolio Companies at beginning of year 
 10 

Number of Portfolio Companies at end of period 
 8 

YTD Portfolio sales and repayments in thousands) 
 13,867 

Percentage of December 31, 2020 NAV Declared through November 13, 2024 
 103.40 
 102.40 
 99.60 
 
 Net Assets at beginning of Year in thousands) 
 27,777 
 18,397 
 6,097 
 
 Net Assets at end of Period in thousands) 
 11,769 
 8,139 
 2,755 
 
 Net asset value per share at end of period 
 0.46 
 0.50 
 1.59 

In accordance with the Liquidation
Plan, the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds will remain registered as a BDC and intend to maintain their qualifications as RICs under Subchapter
M of the Code. 

30 

Investment Objectives and Investment Strategy 

Our investment objectives are
to provide our shareholders with current income, capital preservation, and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. There
can be no assurances that any of these investment objectives will be achieved. 

Prior to the Board s approval
of the Liquidation Plan, our investment strategy was continuously focused on growing an investment portfolio that generates superior risk
adjusted returns by carefully selecting investments through rigorous due diligence and actively managing and monitoring our investment
portfolio. When evaluating an investment and the related portfolio company, we use the resources of Guggenheim to develop an investment
thesis and a proprietary view of a potential portfolio company s intrinsic value and its expected risks and rewards. 

We primarily focused on the following
investment types that may be available within the capital structure of portfolio companies: 

Senior Debt. Senior debt investments generally take a security interest in the available assets
of the portfolio company, including equity interests in any of its subsidiaries. The senior debt classification includes senior secured
first lien loans, senior secured second lien loans, senior secured bonds, and senior unsecured debt. In some circumstances, the secured
lien could be subordinated to the claims of other creditors. While there is no specific collateral associated with senior unsecured debt,
such positions are senior in payment priority over subordinated debt investments. 

Subordinated Debt. Subordinated debt investments are subordinated to senior debt and are generally
unsecured. These investments are generally structured with interest-only payments throughout the life of the security with the principal
due at maturity. 

Equity Investments. Preferred and/or common equity investments may be acquired alongside senior
and subordinated debt investment activities or through the exercising of warrants or options attached to debt investments. Income is generated
primarily through regular or inconstant dividends and realized gains on dispositions of such investments. 

We intend to meet our investment
objectives by investing primarily in large, privately-negotiated loans to private middle market U.S. companies. Specifically, we expect
a typical borrower to have earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA of 25 million to 100
million and annual revenue ranging from 50 million to 1 billion. We seek to invest in businesses that have a strong reason to exist
and have demonstrated competitive and strategic advantages. These companies generally possess distinguishing business characteristics,
such as a leading competitive position in a well-defined market niche, unique brands, sustainable profitability and cash flow, and experienced
management. We anticipate that a majority of our investments will be classified as senior debt in a borrower s capital structure
and have repayment priority over other parts of a borrower s capital structure (i.e., subordinated debt, preferred and common equity).
By investing in a more senior attachment point of a borrower s capital structure, we expect to protect our principal with less risk, which
we believe provides for a distinctive risk/return profile as compared to that of a typical middle market or private equity alternative
investment. 

In addition to privately-negotiated
loans, we invest in more broadly syndicated assets, such as bank loans and corporate bonds. Our portfolio is more heavily weighted towards
floating-rate investments, whose interest payment obligations may increase in a rising interest rate environment. We may also invest in
fixed-rate investments, options, or other forms of equity participation, and, to a limited extent and not as a principal investment strategy,
structured products such as collateralized loan obligations CLOs and collateralized debt obligations CDOs ).
We seek to make investments which have favorable characteristics, including closing fees, prepayment premiums, lender-friendly control
provisions, and lender-friendly covenants. 

Our portfolio may include covenant-lite 
loans which generally refer to loans that do not have a complete set of financial maintenance covenants. Generally, covenant-lite 
loans provide borrower companies more freedom to negatively impact lenders because their covenants are incurrence-based, which means they
are only tested and can only be breached following an affirmative action of the borrower, rather than by a deterioration in the borrower s
financial condition. Accordingly, to the extent we invest in covenant-lite loans, we may have fewer rights against a borrower
and may have a greater risk of loss on such investments as compared to investments in or exposure to loans with financial maintenance
covenants. 

Our portfolio includes investments
in securities that are rated below investment grade (e.g., junk bonds) by rating agencies, or that would be rated below investment grade
if they were rated and have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and
repay principal. These investments may also be illiquid and feature variances in opinions of fair value and market prices. A material
amount of our debt investments in portfolio companies may contain interest rate reset provisions that may present challenges for the borrowers
to continue paying periodic interest to us. In addition, a material amount of our debt investments may not pay down principal until the
end of their lifetimes, which could result in a substantial loss to us if the portfolio companies are unable to refinance or repay their
debts at maturity. 

31 

Our investment strategy leverages
the skills and depth of Guggenheim s research team and credit investment platform which features a relative value perspective across all
corporate credit asset types. We believe these elements create a larger, proprietary opportunity set and increase the potential for the
generation of a wide spectrum of value-risk investment ideas. We intend for our investment strategy to access investments with attractive
combinations of reward and risk, better economics and stronger lender protections than those offered in traditional loan transactions.
We also intend to deploy our direct loan origination investment platform and apply it to our portfolio company business relationships. 

Our investment activity can and
does vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including: the demand for capital from creditworthy privately-owned
U.S. companies, the level of merger, acquisition and refinancing activity involving private companies, the availability of credit to finance
merger and acquisition transactions, the general economic environment, the competitive investment environment for the types of investments
we currently seek and intend to seek in the future, the amount of equity capital we raise from the sale of our Shares, and the amount
of capital we may borrow. 

We acquire our portfolio investments through the following
investment access channels: 

Direct Originations: This channel consists of investments that are directly originated through
Guggenheim s relationship network. Such investments are originated and/or structured by Guggenheim and are not generally available to
the broader investment market. These investments may include both debt and equity investment components. 

Syndicated Transactions: This channel primarily includes investments in broadly syndicated loans
and high yield bonds, typically originated and arranged by investment intermediaries other than Guggenheim. These investments may
be purchased at the original syndication or in the secondary through various trading markets. 

We may continue to borrow money
from time to time within the borrowing limits stipulated by the 1940 Act, which generally allows us to incur leverage of up to 50 of
our total assets, less liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities. The use of borrowed funds and/or the proceeds
of preferred stock offering to finance investments would have its own specific set of benefits and risks, and all of the costs of borrowing
funds or issuing preferred stock are borne by our shareholders. 

Revenues 

We generate revenues primarily
in the form of interest on the debt securities of portfolio companies that we acquire and hold for investment purposes. Our investments
in debt securities generally have expected maturities of one to eight years, although we have no lower or upper constraint on maturity,
and typically earn interest at floating and fixed interest rates. Interest on our debt securities is generally payable to us quarterly
or semi-annually. The outstanding principal amount of our debt securities and any accrued but unpaid interest will generally become due
at the respective maturity dates. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of dividends from preferred and common equity investments,
amortization of original issue discount, prepayment fees, commitment fees, origination fees and fees for providing significant managerial
assistance. 

Operating Expenses 

Our primary operating expenses
include a management fee and, depending on our operating results, a performance-based incentive fee, interest expense, administrative
services, related party reimbursements, custodian and accounting services and other third-party professional services fees and expenses.
The management and performance-based incentive fees compensate Guggenheim for its services in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing
and monitoring our investments. 

32 

Financial and Operating Highlights 

The following tables present financial
and operating highlights (i) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and (ii) for the nine months ended September 30,
2024 and September 30, 2023: 

As of 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Total assets 
 12,136 
 28,261 
 
 Adjusted total assets (total assets net of payable for investments purchased) 
 12,136 
 28,261 
 
 Investments in portfolio companies, at fair value 
 9,494 
 23,926 
 
 Net assets 
 11,769 
 27,777 
 
 Net asset value per Common Share 
 0.46 
 1.09 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Average net assets 
 21,761 
 45,552 
 
 Cost of investments purchased 
 104 
 10,143 
 
 Sales of investments 
 1,150 
 23,251 
 
 Principal payments 
 12,717 
 3,817 
 
 Net investment income 
 261 
 1,145 
 
 Net realized losses 
 (3,334 
 (750 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation 
 2,166 
 702 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 (907 
 1,097 
 
 Total distributions to shareholders 
 15,101 
 27,388 
 
 Net investment income per Common Share - basic and diluted 
 0.01 
 0.04 
 
 Earning (loss) per Common Share - basic and diluted 
 (0.04 
 0.04 
 
 Distributions per Common Share 
 0.59 
 1.07 

Portfolio and Investment Activity for the Three
and nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

The following table presents our
portfolio company activity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Portfolio companies at beginning of period 
 8 
 10 
 
 Number of exited portfolio companies 
 
 (2 
 
 Portfolio companies at period end 
 8 
 8 

Number of debt investments at period end 
 15 
 15 
 
 Number of equity/other investments at period end 
 4 
 4 

33 

The following table presents a
roll-forward of all investment purchase, sale and repayment activity and changes in fair value, within our investment portfolio throughout
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

Balance as of January 1, 2024 
 Purchases 
 Sales and Repayments 
 Other Changes in Fair Value (1) 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Senior secured loans - first lien 
 23,330 
 104 
 (12,717 
 (1,405 
 9,312 
 
 Senior secured bonds 
 21 
 
 (8 
 30 
 43 
 
 Total senior debt 
 23,351 
 104 
 (12,725 
 (1,375 
 9,355 
 
 Equity and other 
 575 
 
 (1,142 
 706 
 139 
 
 Total 
 23,926 
 104 
 (13,867 
 (669 
 9,494 

(1) Other changes in fair value includes changes resulting from realized and unrealized gains and losses,
amortization/accretion, increases from PIK income and restructurings. 

The following table presents selected
information regarding our investment portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

As of 

September 30, 2024 
 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Weighted average purchase price of debt investments (1) 
 79.2 

86.5 

Weighted average duration of debt investments (2) 
 0.03 
 years 
 
 0.03 
 years 
 
 Debt investments on non-accrual status as a percentage of amortized cost of total debt investments 
 10.0 

10.0 

Debt investments on non-accrual status as a percentage of fair value of total debt investments 
 0.5 

0.1 

Number of debt investments on non-accrual status 
 1 

1 

Floating interest rate debt investments: 

Percent of debt portfolio (3) 
 99.5 

99.9 

Percent of floating rate debt investments with interest rate floors (3) 
 86.5 

93.9 

Weighted average interest rate floor 
 1.0 

1.0 

Weighted average coupon spread to base interest rate 
 583 
 bps 
 
 578 
 bps 
 
 3-month SOFR 
 530 
 bps 
 
 536 
 bps 

Fixed interest rate debt investments: 

Percent of debt portfolio (3) 
 0.5 

0.1 

Weighted average years to maturity 
 
 years 
 
 2.1 
 years 

Weighted average effective yields 

Senior secured loans - first lien (4) 
 15.7 

14.0 

Total debt investments (4) 
 14.2 

13.3 

Total investments (5) 
 14.2 

11.3 

(1) Percent is calculated as a percentage of the par value of debt investments. 

(2) Duration is a measure of a debt investment s price sensitivity to 100 basis points bps change
in interest rates. It represents an inverse relationship between price and the change in interest rates. For example, if a bond has a
duration of 5.0 years and interest rates increase by 100 bps, then the bond price is expected to decrease by 5 . Weighted average duration
is calculated using weights based on amortized cost. 

(3) Percent is calculated as a percentage of the fair value of total debt investments. 

(4) Weighted average effective yield by investment type is calculated as the effective yield of each investment
and weighted by its amortized cost as compared to the aggregate amortized cost of all investments of that investment type. Effective yield
is the return earned on an investment net of any discount, premium or issuance costs. The total debt portfolio yield is calculated before
considering the impact of leverage or any operating expenses. 

34 

(5) The total investment portfolio yield is calculated before considering the impact of leverage or any operating
expenses, and includes all income generating investments, non-income generating investments and investments on non-accrual status. 

All of our floating interest rate
debt investments have base interest rate reset frequencies of twelve months or less, with the majority resetting at least quarterly. SOFR
ranged between 5.14 for the 1 Month SOFR to 5.36 for the 6 Month SOFR on September 30, 2024.
Base interest rate resets for floating interest rate debt investments will only result in increases in interest income when the base interest
rate exceeds the associated interest rate floor e.g ., 1.0 ). 

The following table presents the
maturity schedule of our debt investments, excluding unfunded commitments, based on their principal amount as of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023: 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Maturity Year 
 Principal Amount 
 Percentage of Portfolio 
 Principal Amount 
 Percentage of Portfolio 
 
 2024 

331 
 1.1 
 
 2025 
 822 
 5.9 
 4,937 
 16.3 
 
 2026 
 13,030 
 94.1 
 20,724 
 68.4 
 
 Total 
 13,852 
 100.0 
 30,283 
 100.0 

Results of Operations 

Operating results for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were as follows: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Total investment income 
 528 
 1,032 
 1,799 
 2,785 
 
 Total expenses 
 446 
 527 
 1,538 
 1,640 
 
 Net investment income 
 82 
 505 
 261 
 1,145 
 
 Net realized gains (losses) 
 22 
 (343 
 (3,334 
 (750 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 
 (1,022 
 774 
 2,166 
 702 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 (918 
 936 
 (907 
 1,097 

Investment Income 

Interest and dividend income consisted
of the following components for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Interest income on debt securities: 

Cash interest 
 391 
 836 
 1,295 
 2,459 
 
 PIK interest 
 122 
 165 
 473 
 180 
 
 Net accretion/amortization of discounts/premiums 
 13 
 29 
 26 
 126 
 
 Total interest on debt securities 
 526 
 1,030 
 1,794 
 2,765 
 
 Fee income 
 2 
 2 
 5 
 20 
 
 Total interest and dividend income 
 528 
 1,032 
 1,799 
 2,785 
 
 Average Investments at cost 
 14,511 
 31,017 
 22,302 
 36,850 
 
 Average Income Generating Investments at cost (1) 
 13,059 
 24,909 
 14,681 
 31,338 
 
 Income return (2) 
 4.03 
 4.13 
 12.20 
 8.82 

35 

(1) Income Generating Investments pertains to investments with stated interest rate or preferred returns and
includes investments on non-accrual. 

(2) Income return is calculated using the total interest and dividend income over the average income generating
investments at cost for the period presented. 

The decrease in interest and dividend
income was mainly driven by the decrease in the size of our income generating investments. As of September 30, 2024 and September 30,
2023, yield on debt investments at cost w as 14.2 and 11.2 , respectively. PIK dividend pertains
to dividends on preferred stock investments. 

Our fee income is comprised of
the following fee classifications and is considered non-recurring income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
September 30, 2023: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Administrative agency fees 
 2 
 2 
 5 
 6 
 
 Amendment fees and other 

14 
 
 Total fee income 
 2 
 2 
 5 
 20 

Operating Expenses 

Our operating expenses can be
categorized into fixed operating expenses, variable operating expenses and performance-dependent expenses. Fixed operating expenses are
generally static period over period. Variable expenses are calculated based on fund metrics such as total assets, net assets or total
borrowings. Performance-dependent expenses fluctuate independent of our size. 

36 

The table below shows a breakdown
of our operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Fixed operating expenses: 

Related party reimbursements (1) 
 82 
 92 
 253 
 290 
 
 Trustees fees 
 49 
 74 
 147 
 215 
 
 Professional services fees (2) 
 114 
 106 
 339 
 263 
 
 Other expenses 
 117 
 70 
 421 
 205 
 
 Total fixed operating expenses 
 362 
 342 
 1,160 
 973 

Variable operating expenses: 

Administrative services (3) 
 21 
 22 
 64 
 44 
 
 Management fee 
 55 
 156 
 290 
 597 
 
 Custody services 
 8 
 7 
 24 
 26 
 
 Total variable operating expenses 
 84 
 185 
 378 
 667 

Total expenses before incentive fee waiver and advisor transition costs reimbursement 
 446 
 527 
 1,538 
 1,640 

(1) Related party reimbursements decreased due to a decrease in resource allocation to Master Fund. 

(2) Professional services fees includes the expenses for third party service providers such as internal and
independent auditors, tax return preparer and tax consultant, third-party investment valuers, and fund legal counsel. 

(3) Administrative services fees include the expenses for third party
service providers such as fund accountant, fund sub-administrator, and independent pricing vendors. 

The decrease in total expenses
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the
decrease in management fees. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, there were no borrowing costs. 

The decrease in total expenses
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the decrease
in management fees. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, there were no borrowing costs. 

Net Realized Gains (Losses) 

For the three months ended September 30,
2024, we had dispositions and principal repayments of (0.18) million, resul ting in net realized
gain of 0.2 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had dispositions and principal repayments of 13.87 million,
resulting in net realized losses of (3.33) million. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2023, we had dispositions and principal repayments of 10.5 million, resulting in net realized losses of 0.3 million. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2023, we had dispositions and principal repayments of 27.1 million, resulting in net realized losses of 0.9
million. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had realized losses from our foreign currency forward contracts
of 0.0 thousand and and a realized gain of 101.0 thousand, respectively, primarily due the movement of the U.S. dollar against the British
pound. 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the components of total realized gains (losses) were comprised of the following: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Investments 
 22 
 (343 
 (3,334 
 (866 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts 

101 
 
 Foreign currency transactions 

15 
 
 Net realized gains (losses) 
 22 
 (343 
 (3,334 
 (750 

37 

Changes in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the components of total net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
were comprised of the following: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Investments 
 (1,023 
 775 
 2,165 
 776 
 
 Foreign currency forward contracts 

(73 
 
 Foreign currency transactions 
 1 
 (1 
 1 
 (1 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 
 (1,022 
 774 
 2,166 
 702 

For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2024 and September 30, 2023, the components of total net change in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on (i) all investments
and (ii) investments classified as Level 3 in the valuation hierarchy were comprised of the following: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Unrealized appreciation on all investments (1) 
 40 
 1,626 
 4,496 
 7,373 
 
 Unrealized depreciation on all investments (1) 
 (1,063 
 (851 
 (2,331 
 (6,597 
 
 Total net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on all investments 
 (1,023 
 775 
 2,165 
 776 

Unrealized appreciation on Level 3 investments only (1) 
 19 
 80 
 4,468 
 408 
 
 Unrealized depreciation on Level 3 investments only (1) 
 (734 
 (429 
 (1,739 
 (5,531 
 
 Total net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on Level 3 investments only 
 (715 
 (349 
 2,729 
 (5,123 

(1) Amounts are net of any reclassification of realized gains or losses on investments. 

Annual Investment Returns and Total Returns
Since Commencement 

Our initial investors, who each
invested at 9.00 per share, have seen a cumulative 33.05 increase in the value of their investment, or an annualized return of 2.96 ,
assum ing reinvestment of d istributions. 

The table below presents returns
for our shareholders for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and the period from commencement to
September 30, 2024. Our performance changes over time and currently may be different than that shown below. Past performance is no
guarantee of future results. The returns for shareholders of the affiliated Feeder Funds are different from the returns for our direct
shareholders. 

Total Investment Return-Net Asset Value (1) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Since Commencement 
 
 Company 
 Date Operations Commenced (2) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Cumulative 
 Annualized 
 
 Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 
 12/19/2014 
 (7.20 
 2.86 
 33.05 
 2.96 

38 

(1) Total investment return is based on (i) the purchase of Common Shares at net asset value on the first
day of the period, (ii) the sale of Common Shares at the net asset value per share on the last day of the period, of (A) all purchased
Common Shares plus (B) any fractional Common Shares issued in connection with the reinvestment of distributions and (iii) distributions
payable relating to the ownership of Common Shares, if any, on the last day of the period. The total investment return calculation assumes
that cash distributions are reinvested concurrent with the issuance of Common Shares at the most recent transaction price on or prior
to each distribution payment date. Since there is no public market for our Common Shares, then the terminal sales price per common share
is assumed to be equal to net asset value per common share on the last day of the period. 

(2) Commencement of operations represents the date that we sold our initial Common Shares. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Unfunded Commitments 

Unfunded commitments to provide
funds to portfolio companies are not recorded on our consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. Our unfunded commitments may be
significant from time to time. Unfunded commitments may expire without being drawn upon and the total commitment amount does not necessarily
represent future cash requirements. As of September 30, 2024, we had one unf unded commitment
totali ng 15.0 thousand as compared to two unfunded
commitments totaling 0.3 million as of December 31, 2023. Se e Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies for specific identification
of the unfunded commitments. We believe we maintain sufficient liquidity in the form of cash, receivables and borrowing capacity to fund
these unfunded commitments should the need arise. See Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources . 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary sources of cash and
cash equivalents may include: (i) borrowings under various financing arrangements, (ii) cash flows from interest, dividends and transaction
fees earned from investment in portfolio companies and (iii) principal repayments and sale proceeds from our investments. 

Our primary uses of cash and cash
equivalents may inclu de: (i) investments in portfolio companies, (ii) payments of operating expenses,
(iii) interest payments on, and repayment of, borrowings, (iv) cash distributions to our shareholders and (v) periodic repurchases of
our Shares pursuant to our share repurchase program. 

Liquidity 

Operating liquidity is our ability
to meet our short term liquidity needs. The following table presents our operating liquidity position as of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023: 

As of 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 2,343 
 3,688 
 
 Principal receivable 
 31 
 51 
 
 Unfunded investment commitments 
 (15 
 (270 
 
 Other net working capital (1) 
 (191 
 (169 
 
 Total operational liquidity 
 2,168 
 3,300 

(1) Other net working capital is the sum of collateral deposits/payable for foreign currency forward contracts,
interest and dividend income receivable and receivable from related parties less accrued management fee, payable to related parties, distributions
payable, and accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities. 

39 

Capital Resources 

We may from time to time enter
into additional credit facilities and borrowing arrangements to increase the amount of our borrowings as our equity capital foundation
increases. Accordingly, we cannot predict with certainty what terms any such financing would have or the costs we would incur in connection
with any such financing arrangements. We are currently required to maintain a minimum asset coverage ratio (total assets-to-senior securities)
of 200 under the 1940 Act. 

The table below summarizes certain
financing obligations and Feeder Fund liquidity targets that are expected to have an impact on our liquidity and cash flow in specified
future interval periods: 

September 30, 2024 

Total 
 5 years 
 
 Liquidation of Feeder Funds Investments: 

GCIF 2016T (1) 
 7,846 
 7,846 

GCIF 2019 (1) 
 2,321 
 2,321 

Total Liquidation of Feeder Funds Investments 
 10,167 
 10,167 

(1) The Feeder Fund investment liquidity amounts are based on the net asset value of each Feeder Fund s ownership
interest in the Master Fund as of September 30, 2024. In accordance with the Liquidation Plans, the Board has declared multiple liquidating
distributions. These distributions have been substantially composed of return of capital and have decreased the net asset value of the
Master Fund and Feeder Funds. As such, the value on shareholder s investment statements has decreased as liquidating distributions
have been paid. 

As of September 30, 2024,
GCIF 2016T owned 66.7 of our outstanding Common Shares and GCIF 2019 owned 19.7 of our outstanding Common Shares. The two initial investors
accounted for the remaining 13.6 of our outstanding Common Shares. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Valuation of Investments 

Our investments consist primarily
of investments in senior and subordinated debt of private middle market U.S. companies and are presented in our consolidated financial
statements at fair value. See Note 3. Investments for more information on our investments. As described more fully in Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments , a valuation hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective
evidence available regarding value is used to measure the fair value of our investments. Investments for which market quotations are readily
available are valued using market quotations, which are generally obtained from independent pricing services, broker-dealers or market
makers. With respect to our portfolio investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our Board of Trustees is responsible
for determining in good faith the fair value of our portfolio investments in accordance with, and through the consistent application of,
the valuation policy and procedures approved by our Board of Trustees, based on, among other things, the input of Guggenheim and any independent
third-party valuation firms. 

We utilize valuation techniques
that use unobservable inputs and assumptions in determining the fair value of our investments classified as Level 3 within the valuation
hierarchy. For senior debt and subordinated debt classified as Level 3 fair value investments, we initially value the investment at its
initial transaction price and subsequently value the investment using (i) market data for similar instruments e.g ., recent
transactions or indicative broker quotes) and/or (ii) valuation models. Valuation models are based on EBITDA multiples to determine
enterprise value and debt multiple ratios where the key inputs are based on relative value analysis of similar credit investments issued
by similar portfolio companies. The valuation techniques used by us for other types of assets that are classified as Level 3 investments
are described in Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies . The unobservable inputs and assumptions may differ by asset and in the application
of our valuation methodologies. The reported fair value estimates could vary materially if we had chosen to incorporate different unobservable
inputs and assumptions. 

We and our Board of Trustees conduct
our fair value determination process on a quarterly basis and any other time when a material decision regarding the fair value of our
portfolio investments is required, including in connection with ensuring our compliance with the 1940 Act s requirements regarding the
price at which we issue our Shares. A determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Due to the inherent uncertainty
of determining the fair value of portfolio investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of these portfolio
investments may differ materially from the values that would have been determined had a readily available market value existed for such
investments. Further, such investments are generally less liquid than exchange-traded securities. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio
investment that does not have a readily available market value in a forced or liquidation sale, we could realize significantly less than
the fair value recorded by us. 

40 

The table below presents information
on investments classified as Level 3 according to the valuation hierarchy within the investment portfolio on September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023: 

As of 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Investments classified as Level 3 fair value 
 7,036 
 20,630 
 
 Total investments at fair value 
 9,494 
 23,926 
 
 Total assets 
 12,136 
 28,261 
 
 Percentage of investment portfolio classified as Level 3 fair value 
 74.1 
 86.2 
 
 Percentage of total assets classified as Level 3 fair value 
 58.0 
 73.0 

The ranges of unobservable inputs
used in the fair value measurement of our investments classified as Level 3 fair valued as of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023 are presented in Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments , as well as the directional impact to the investments valuation from
an increase or decrease in the associated unobservable inputs. 

In addition to impacting the estimated
fair value recorded for our investments on our consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, had we used different key unobservable
inputs to determine the estimated fair value of our investments, amounts recorded in our consolidated statements of operations, including
the net change in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on investments, management and performance-based incentive fees would also
be impacted. The table below outlines the impact on our results of a 5 increase in the fair value of our Level 3 investments for the
periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Fair Value of Level 3 Investments at Period End 
 7,036 
 20,843 
 
 Fair Value Assuming a 5 Increase in Value 
 7,388 
 21,885 

Increase in unrealized appreciation 
 352 
 1,042 
 
 Decrease in management fees (1) 
 (5 
 (14 
 
 Decrease in performance based incentive fee (2) 
 (70 
 (208 
 
 Increase in net assets resulting from operations 
 277 
 820 

Weighted average Common Shares outstanding (basic and diluted) 
 25,594,125 
 25,594,125 
 
 Common Shares outstanding at the end of the Year 
 25,594,125 
 25,594,125 

Increase in earnings per Common Share 
 0.01 
 0.03 
 
 Increase in net asset value per Common Share 
 0.01 
 0.03 

(1) Increases in management fees for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023
represent only 12 months worth of the change to the Master Fund s management fees. 

(2) Increase in performance-based incentive fee is calculated as 20 of the increase in unrealized appreciation. 

Investment Advisory
Fees 

See Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies . 

Recent Accounting Standards 

See Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies . 

41 

Contractual Obligations 

We have entered into certain agreements
under which we have material future commitments. 

The Master Fund is a party to
an Investment Advisory Agreement with Guggenheim, pursuant to which the Master Fund agreed to pay Guggenheim an investment advisory fee.
See Note 6. Related Party Agreements and Transactions for a more detailed description of the Investment Advisory Agreement. If the Investment
Advisory Agreement is terminated, our costs may increase under any replacement investment advisory agreement that we subsequently enter
into. We would also likely incur expenses in identifying and evaluating candidates to provide the services we expect to receive under
any successor investment advisory agreement and administrative services agreement. Any successor investment advisory agreement would also
be subject to approval by our shareholders. 

In 2015, Hamilton, a wholly-owned,
special purpose financing subsidiary of the Master Fund, initially entered into the Hamilton Credit Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank,
National Association, as administrative agent, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association,
as collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary. On June 29, 2018, the Hamilton Credit facility was amended
to extend the term from December 17, 2019 to December 29, 2022 and to extend the draw-down term from December 17, 2018 to December 29,
2021 among other things. On November 29, 2021, Hamilton repaid in full all outstanding amounts due in connection with, and terminated
all commitments under, the Hamilton Credit Facility. See Note 7. Borrowings . 

Related Party Transactions 

We have entered into agreements
with Guggenheim whereby we agreed to pay certain fees to, and reimburse certain expenses, of Guggenheim for investment advisory services
and investment-related and administrative costs incurred on our behalf. See Note 6. Related Party Agreements and Transactions for a discussion
of related party transactions, investment advisory fees and reimbursement of administrative services expenses. 

Organization and Offering Expenses and Reimbursement
Arrangements with Guggenheim 

See Note 6. Related Party Agreements and Transactions . 

Reimbursement for Guggenheim Administrative
Services Expenses 

Guggenheim has provided administrative
services to the Master Fund since September 11, 2017. We will reimburse Guggenheim, for their expenses in connection with the provision
of administrative services to us. However, such reimbursement will be made at an amount equal to the lower of their actual costs or the
amount that we would be required to pay for comparable administrative services in the same geographic location. Also, such costs will
be reasonably allocated to us on the basis of assets, revenues, time records or other reasonable allocation methods. We do not reimburse
Guggenheim for rent, depreciation, utilities, capital equipment or other administrative items allocated to controlling persons of Guggenheim. 

Co-Investment Transactions Exemptive Relief 

The Master Fund was granted an
SEC exemptive order which grants the Master Fund exemptive relief permitting the Master Fund, subject to the satisfaction of specific
conditions and requirements, to co-invest in privately negotiated investment transactions with certain affiliates of Guggenheim. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Interest Rate Risk 

We are subject to financial market
risks, including changes in interest rates. As of September 30, 2024, 99.5 of our debt investments (98.1 of our total investments),
or 9.3 million m easured at fair value, are subject to floating interest rates. A rise in
the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to (i) higher interest income from our floating rate debt investments and
(ii) value declines for fixed interest rate investments we may hold. Since a majority of our investments consist of floating rate investments,
an increase in interest rates could also make it more difficult for borrowers to repay their loans, and a rise in interest rates may also
make it easier for Guggenheim to meet or exceed the quarterly threshold for performance-based incentive fees as described in Note 6. Related Party Agreements and Transactions . 

42 

The following table presents the
approximate annualized increase (decrease) in (i) interest income from our investment portfolio, (ii) interest expense associated
with our floating rate credit facility and (iii) the net increase or decrease of interest-related income and expense, directly resulting
from hypothetical changes in base interest rates e.g., SOFR), assuming no changes in the composition of our investment portfolio
and capital structure as of September 30, 2024. 

Basis Points (bps) Increase 
 Annualized Interest Income Increase (Decrease) 
 Annualized Net Increase (Decrease) 
 Net Increase (Decrease) per Share 
 
 -50 bps 
 (69 
 (69 
 0.00 
 
 +50 bps 
 69 
 69 
 0.00 
 
 +100 bps 
 139 
 139 
 0.01 
 
 +150 bps 
 208 
 208 
 0.01 
 
 +200 bps 
 277 
 277 
 0.01 

We regularly measure our exposure
to interest rate risk. We assess interest rate risk and manage our interest rate exposure on an ongoing basis by comparing our interest
rate sensitive assets to our interest rate sensitive liabilities. Based on that review, we determine whether or not any hedging transactions
are necessary to mitigate exposure to changes in interest rates. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our disclosure controls and procedures
include internal controls and other procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in this
and other reports filed under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. It should be noted that no system of controls
can provide complete assurance of achieving a company s objectives and that future events may impact the effectiveness of a system
of controls. 

Our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, after conducting an evaluation, together with members of our management, of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, were effective as of September 30, 2024 at a reasonable level of assurance. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During the most recent fiscal
quarter, there was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting, as defined under Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange
Act, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

As of November 13, 2024,
we were not subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or
our subsidiary. 

From time to time, we or Guggenheim
may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of, or incidental to the normal course of, our business, including
legal proceedings related to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While legal proceedings, lawsuits,
claims and regulatory proceedings are subject to many uncertainties and their ultimate outcomes are not predictable with assurance, the
results of these proceedings are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

There have been no material changes
to the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

(a) None. 

(b) Not applicable. 

(c) The Master Fund had
implemented a share repurchase program, whereby it conducts tender offers each calendar quarter. In accordance with the Liquidation Plan,
the Master Fund s share repurchase program has been suspended effective March 30, 2021. 

43 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

(a) None. 

(b) Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024,
none of our directors or executive officers adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of
our securities to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

The exhibits required by this
item are set forth in the Exhibit Index attached hereto and are filed or incorporated as part of this Report. 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 

Date: 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Matthew S. Bloom 

MATTHEW S. BLOOM 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 November 13, 2024 
 
 By: 
 /s/ James Howley 

JAMES HOWLEY 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

45 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

The following exhibits are filed or incorporated as part of this Report. 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Trust of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Registrant s Form 10 as filed on November 5, 2014.) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) as filed on March 16, 2016.) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) as filed October 23, 2017.) 

3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) as filed on March 16, 2016.) 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement by and between the Registrant and Carey Credit Advisors, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 (g)(1) filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to Guggenheim Credit Income Fund - I s registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198667) filed on April 25, 2017.) 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Investment Sub-Advisory Agreement by and among the Registrant, Carey Credit Advisors, LLC and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 (g)(2) filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to Guggenheim Credit Income Fund - I s registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198667) filed on April 25, 2017.) 

10.3 
 
 Interim Investment Advisory Agreement between Registrant and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 filed with Form 8-K on August 15, 2017.) 

10.4 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement by and between the Registrant and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) as filed October 23, 2017.) 

10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Administrative Services Agreement by and between the Registrant and Carey Credit Advisors, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Registrant s Form 10-Q as filed on May 12, 2017.) 

10.6 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement by and between Registrant and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 filed with Form 8-K on August 15, 2017.) 

10.7 
 
 Amendment No 1. to Administrative Services Agreement by and between the Registrant, Guggenheim Credit Income Fund, and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Registrants Form 10-K (File No. 814-01117) as filed on March 12, 2019.) 

10.8 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement by and among the Registrant, Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T and Carey Financial, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T s Form 10-K (File No. 814-01094) filed on April 17, 2017.) 

10.9 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement for Dealer Manager Agreement by and among the Registrant, Carey Financial, LLC, and Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 filed with Form 8-K on August 15, 2017.) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Organization and Offering Expense Reimbursement Agreement by and among the Registrant, Carey Credit Advisors, LLC, and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 (k)(4) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T s registration statement on Form N-2 (File 333-198882) filed on July 17, 2015.) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Organization and Offering Expense Reimbursement Agreement by and among the Registrant, Carey Credit Advisors, LLC and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 filed with Form 8-K on August 15, 2017.) 

10.12 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2018, by and among Hamilton Finance LLC, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Form 8-K on July 6, 2018.) 

46 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund Form 10-Q (File No. 814-01117) filed on November 16, 2020.) 

14.2 
 
 Code of Ethics of Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund Form 10-Q (File No. 814-01117) filed on November 16, 2020.) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.) 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.) 

47 

</EX-99>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gcif-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gcif-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gcif-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gcif-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

