<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1679049_0001558370-24-014765.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12559280</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>124873</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1885141</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4564916</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2048560</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3580519</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-014765.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107081555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-014765
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			International Seaways, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001679049
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER TRANSPORTATION [4400]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				980467117
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			1T
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37836
		FILM NUMBER:		241433328

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 THIRD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		39TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2129534100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 THIRD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		39TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OSG International, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-014765.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 insw-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date. The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock as of November 4, 2024: common stock, no par value, shares. 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (UNAUDITED) 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Voyage receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of and including unbilled receivables of and Other receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Current portion of derivative asset Total Current Assets Vessels and other property, less accumulated depreciation of and Vessels construction in progress Deferred drydock expenditures, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Pool working capital deposits Long-term derivative asset Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current installments of long-term debt Total Current Liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term debt Other liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies Equity: Capital - par value shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

 1 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Shipping Revenues: Pool revenues, including , , and from companies accounted for by the equity method Time charter revenues Voyage charter revenues Operating Expenses: Voyage expenses Vessel expenses Charter hire expenses Depreciation and amortization General and administrative Other operating expenses Third-party debt modification fees (Gain)/loss on disposal of vessels and other assets, net ) ) ) Total operating expenses Income from vessel operations Other income Income before interest expense and income taxes Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax benefit/(provision) ) ) Net income Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: Basic Diluted Per Share Amounts: Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

 2 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Net change in unrealized gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans: Net change in unrecognized prior service costs ) ) ) Net change in unrecognized actuarial losses ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

 3 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (UNAUDITED) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Items included in net income not affecting cash flows: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt discount and other deferred financing costs Deferred financing costs write-off Stock compensation Equity in results of affiliated companies ) Other net ) ) Items included in net income related to investing and financing activities: Gain on disposal of vessels and other assets, net ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Payments for drydocking ) ) Insurance claims proceeds related to vessel operations Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Decrease in receivables (Decrease)/increase in deferred revenue ) Purchase of insurance contract in connection with settlement of pension plan obligations ) Net change in inventories, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current and long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Expenditures for vessels, vessel improvements and vessels under construction ) ) Proceeds from disposal of vessels and other property, net Expenditures for other property ) ) Investments in short-term time deposits ) ) Proceeds from maturities of short-term time deposits Pool working capital deposits ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Borrowings on revolving credit facilities Repayments on revolving credit facilities ) Repayments of debt ) ) Proceeds from sale and leaseback financing, net of issuance and deferred financing costs Payments on sale and leaseback financing and finance lease ) ) Payments of deferred financing costs ) ) Premium and fees on extinguishment of debt ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) Cash paid to tax authority upon vesting or exercise of stock-based compensation ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of period See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

 4 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS (UNAUDITED) 

Retained Accumulated Earnings / Other (Accumulated Comprehensive Capital Deficit) Income/(loss) Total For the nine months ended Balance at January 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Forfeitures of vested restricted stock awards and exercised stock options ) ) Compensation relating to restricted stock awards Compensation relating to restricted stock units awards Compensation relating to stock option awards Equity consideration issued for purchase of vessels Repurchase of common stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Balance at January 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Forfeitures of vested restricted stock awards and exercised stock options ) ) Compensation relating to restricted stock awards Compensation relating to restricted stock units awards Compensation relating to stock option awards Repurchase of common stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 For the three months ended Balance at July 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Compensation relating to restricted stock awards Compensation relating to restricted stock units awards Repurchase of common stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Balance at July 1, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Forfeitures of vested restricted stock awards and exercised stock options ) ) Compensation relating to restricted stock awards Compensation relating to restricted stock units awards Compensation relating to stock option awards Balance at September 30, 2023 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

 5 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 wholly-owned or lease financed and time chartered-in oceangoing vessels, engaged primarily in the transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products in the International Flag trade through its wholly owned subsidiaries. In addition to our operating fleet, LR1 newbuilds are scheduled for delivery to the Company between the second half of 2025 and third quarter of 2026, bringing the total operating and newbuild fleet to vessels. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. They do not include all of the information and notes required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation of the results have been included. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2024. The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information and notes required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States for complete financial statements. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. All intercompany balances and transactions within INSW have been eliminated. Investments in 50 or less owned affiliated companies, in which INSW exercises significant influence, are accounted for by the equity method. Reversal of expected credit losses ) Balance at September 30, 2024 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any individual customers who accounted for 10 or more of its revenues apart from the pools in which it participates. The pools in which the Company participates accounted in aggregate for and of consolidated voyage receivables at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

 6 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 million and million relating to the Million Revolving Credit Facility and the Million Revolving Credit Facility (See Note 8, Debt as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are included in other assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Unamortized deferred financing charges of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, relating to the Company s outstanding debt facilities, are included in long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense relating to the amortization of deferred financing charges amounted to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. million and million, respectively, and and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Construction of the Company s dual-fuel LNG VLCCs was completed, and the vessels were delivered to the Company between March 2023 and May 2023. The Company has LR1 newbuilds under construction that are scheduled for delivery to the Company between the second half of 2025 and third quarter of 2026. 

 7 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Such participating securities are allocated a portion of income, but not losses under the two-class method. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares of restricted stock units and stock options outstanding and considered to be potentially dilutive securities. Participating securities For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 earnings per share calculations, there were and dilutive equity awards outstanding, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 earnings per share calculations, there were and dilutive equity awards outstanding, respectively. Awards of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because inclusion of these awards would be anti-dilutive. reportable segments: Crude Tankers and Product Carriers. Adjusted income/(loss) from vessel operations for segment purposes is defined as income/(loss) from vessel operations before general and administrative expenses, other operating expenses, third-party debt modification fees and gain on disposal of vessels and assets, net. The accounting policies followed by the reportable segments are the same as those followed in the preparation of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 8 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Time charter equivalent revenues Depreciation and amortization Gain on disposal of vessels and other assets, net ) ) ) Adjusted income from vessel operations Adjusted total assets at September 30, 2024 Three months ended September 30, 2023: Shipping revenues Time charter equivalent revenues Depreciation and amortization Loss on disposal of vessels and other assets Adjusted income/(loss) from vessel operations ) Adjusted total assets at September 30, 2023 

Crude Product (Dollars in thousands) Tankers Carriers Other Totals Nine months ended September 30, 2024: Shipping revenues Time charter equivalent revenues Depreciation and amortization Gain on disposal of vessels and other assets, net ) ) ) Adjusted income from vessel operations Expenditures for vessels and vessel improvements Payments for drydocking Nine months ended September 30, 2023: Shipping revenues Time charter equivalent revenues Depreciation and amortization Loss/(gain) on disposal of vessels and other assets, net ) ) Adjusted income/(loss) from vessel operations ) Expenditures for vessels and vessel improvements Payments for drydocking Add: Voyage expenses Shipping revenues Consistent with general practice in the shipping industry, the Company uses time charter equivalent revenues, which represent shipping revenues less voyage expenses, as a measure to compare revenue generated from a voyage charter to revenue generated from a time charter. Time charter equivalent revenues, a non-GAAP measure, provide additional meaningful information in conjunction 

 9 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 General and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Other operating expenses ) ) Third-party debt modification fees ) ) ) Gain/(loss) on disposal of vessels and other assets, net ) Consolidated income from vessel operations Other income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Corporate unrestricted cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Other unallocated amounts Consolidated total assets 2014-built and 2015-built MR Product Carriers for an aggregate consideration of approximately million, payable in cash and in shares of common stock of the Company. All vessels were delivered during the second quarter of 2024 and are Collateral Vessels under the Million Revolving Credit Facility (see Note 8, Debt ). In total, for the acquisition of the vessels, the Company paid million in cash, including million for initial stores on board and directly related third-party professional fees, and also issued shares of its common stock to the sellers. Such shares had an aggregate value of million based upon the closing market price of the Company s stock on each of the vessel delivery dates. 

 10 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 shares that were issued in conjunction with these vessel acquisitions and facilitated the seller s ability to offer and sell or otherwise dispose of the shares of common stock issued to them under this transaction. In March 2024 the Company exercised options to build additional dual-fuel ready LNG 73,600 dwt LR1s at the same shipyard from which its other newbuild LR1s were ordered. The LR1s are expected to be delivered beginning in the second half of 2025 through the third quarter of 2026 for an aggregate cost of approximately million. The remaining commitments on the contracts for the construction of the LR1 newbuilds as of September 30, 2024 was million, which will be paid for through a combination of long-term financing and available liquidity. Disposal/Sales of Vessel s During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company delivered 2009-built and 2008-built MRs to their buyers and recognized an aggregate gain of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company delivered a 2008-built MR to its buyer and recognized a gain of million. commercial pools in which the Company participates were determined to be VIEs for which the Company is not considered a primary beneficiary. The following table presents the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet related to the unconsolidated VIEs as of September 30, 2024: In accordance with accounting guidance, the Company evaluated its maximum exposure to loss related to these unconsolidated VIEs by assuming a complete loss of the Company s investment in these VIEs. The table below compares the Company s liability in the condensed consolidated balance sheet to the maximum exposure to loss at September 30, 2024: In addition, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately million of trade receivables from the pools that were determined to be a VIE. These trade receivables, which are included in voyage receivables in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet, have been excluded from the above tables and the calculation of INSW s maximum exposure to loss. The Company does not record the maximum exposure to loss as a liability because it does not believe that such a loss is probable of occurring as of September 30, 2024. 

 11 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Level 1 Short-term investments (1) Level 1 500 Million Revolving Credit Facility (2) ) ) Level 2 ING Credit Facility (2) ) Level 2 Ocean Yield Lease Financing (2) ) ) Level 2 BoComm Lease Financing (3) ) ) Level 2 Toshin Lease Financing (3) ) ) Level 2 Hyuga Lease Financing (3) ) ) Level 2 Kaiyo Lease Financing (3) ) ) Level 2 Kaisha Lease Financing (3) ) ) Level 2 

 (1) Short-term investments consist of time deposits with original maturities of between 91 and 180 days. (2) Floating rate debt the fair value of floating rate debt has been determined using level 2 inputs and is considered to be equal to the carrying value since it bears a variable interest rate, which is reset every three months. (3) Fixed rate debt the fair value of fixed rate debt has been determined using level 2 inputs by discounting the expected cash flows of the outstanding debt. Derivatives At September 30, 2024, the Company was party to amortizing interest rate swap agreements with major financial institutions participating in the Million Revolving Credit Facility that effectively converts the Company s interest rate exposure from a three-month SOFR floating rate to a fixed rate of through the maturity date of . The interest rate swap agreements, which contain no leverage features, are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges and have a remaining aggregate notional value of million as of September 30, 2024, covering for accounting purposes, the million principal balance outstanding under the Million Revolving Credit Facility and million outstanding under the Ocean Yield Lease Financing. Also, as of September 30, 2024, approximately million in net gains from previously terminated interest rate swaps are expected to be amortized out of accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings over the next 12 months. Derivatives are recorded on a net basis by counterparty when a legal right of offset exists. The Company had the following amounts recorded on a net basis by transaction in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets related to the Company s use of derivatives as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

 12 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Total December 31, 2023: Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps Total The following tables present information with respect to gains and losses on derivative positions reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of operations or in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Total other comprehensive (loss)/income ) The effect of the Company s cash flow hedging relationships on the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 follows: 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps ) ) ) ) Discontinued hedging instruments: Interest rate swap ) ) ) ) Total interest expense ) ) ) ) See Note 11, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, for disclosures relating to the impact of derivative instruments on accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss). 

 13 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Level 2 (1) 

(1) For the interest rate swaps, fair values are derived using valuation models that utilize the income valuation approach. These valuation models take into account contract terms such as maturity, as well as other inputs such as interest rate yield curves and creditworthiness of the counterparty and the Company. Million Facility Term Loan, due 2027, net of unamortized deferred finance costs of Million Revolving Credit Facility, due 2030 ING Credit Facility, due 2026, net of unamortized deferred finance costs of Ocean Yield Lease Financing, due 2031, net of unamortized deferred finance costs of and BoComm Lease Financing, due 2030, net of unamortized deferred finance costs of and Toshin Lease Financing, due 2031, net of unamortized deferred finance costs of and Hyuga Lease Financing, due 2031, net of unamortized deferred finance costs of and Kaiyo Lease Financing, due 2030, net of unamortized deferred finance costs of and Kaisha Lease Financing, due 2030, net of unamortized deferred finance costs of and Less current portion ) ) Long-term portion Capitalized terms used hereafter have the meaning given in these condensed consolidated financial statements or in the respective transaction documents referred to below, including subsequent amendments thereto. ING Credit Facility On April 18, 2024, the Company prepaid the outstanding principal balance of million and terminated the ING Credit Facility. 750 Million Credit Facility On April 26, 2024, the Company, International Seaways Operating Corporation (the Borrower and certain of their subsidiaries entered into a second amendment that amended and extended the Million Credit Facility with Nordea Bank Abp, New York Branch Nordea ), BNP Paribas, Cr dit Agricole Corporate Investment Bank CA-CIB ), DNB Markets Inc., and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (PUBL) (or their respective affiliates), as mandated lead arrangers and bookrunners; ING Bank N.V., London Branch and Danish Ship Finance A/S (or their respective affiliates), as lead arrangers and National Australia Bank Limited, as co-arranger. Nordea is acting as administrative agent, collateral agent, coordinator and security trustee under the amended agreement, and CA-CIB is acting as sustainability coordinator. Immediately prior to the closing of the second amendment, the Million Facility, had a remaining term loan balance of million and undrawn revolver capacity of million. The amended agreement consists of a million revolving credit facility 

 14 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Million Revolving Credit Facility that matures on January 31, 2030. That maturity date is subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of certain events (as described in the credit agreement). The Million Revolving Credit Facility is secured by a first lien on certain of the Company s vessels (the Collateral Vessels ), along with their earnings, insurances and certain other assets, as well as by liens on certain additional assets of the Borrower. Under the terms of the Million Revolving Credit Facility capacity is reduced on a quarterly basis by approximately million, based on a 20-year age-adjusted profile of the Collateral Vessels. The Million Revolving Credit Facility bears an interest rate based on term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin (each as defined in the credit agreement). The Applicable Margin is and is subject to similar sustainability-linked features as included in the Million Credit Facility, that are aimed at reducing the carbon footprint, targeting expenditures toward energy efficiency improvements and maintaining a safety record above the industry average. The Company s performance against these sustainability measures could impact the margin by five basis points. At the time of closing, million was drawn on the Million Revolving Credit Facility. An additional million was drawn in June 2024, and subsequently repaid during the three months ended September 30, 2024. An aggregate of million was outstanding as of September 30, 2024, leaving us an undrawn revolver capacity of million on this facility. The Million Revolving Credit Facility also contains customary representations, warranties, restrictions and covenants applicable to the Company, the Borrower and the subsidiary guarantors (and in certain cases, other subsidiaries), including financial covenants that are consistent with existing financial covenants in the Million Credit Facility and require the Company (i) to maintain a minimum liquidity level of the greater of million and of the Company s Consolidated Indebtedness; (ii) to ensure the Company s and its consolidated subsidiaries Maximum Leverage Ratio will not exceed to 1.00 at any time; (iii) to ensure that Current Assets exceeds Current Liabilities (which is defined to exclude the current potion of Consolidated Indebtedness); and (iv) to ensure the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Collateral Vessels will not be less than of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Million Revolving Credit Facility. Debt Covenants Interest Expense Total interest expense before the impact of capitalized interest, including amortization of issuance and deferred financing costs, commitment, administrative and other fees for all of the Company s debt facilities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Interest paid for the Company s debt facilities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Interest paid for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 also included million of the pre-delivery interest expense paid for the three dual-fuel LNG VLCC newbuilds. 

 15 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 restricted shares of INSW common stock previously granted to Mr. Qureshi in June 2023 (valued at approximately million) and the Company did not seek reimbursement of any cash director fees paid to Mr. Qureshi in advance for the first quarter of 2024. In consideration of this action, Mr. Qureshi entered into a one-year agreement not to compete with the Company s crude and product tanker operations. In June 2024, the Company awarded a total of restricted common stock shares to its non-employee directors. The weighted average fair market value of INSW s stock on the measurement date of such awards was per share. Such restricted share awards vest in full on the earlier of the next annual meeting of the stockholders or June 13, 2025, subject to each director continuing to provide services to INSW through such date. The restricted share awards granted may not be transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered prior to vesting. Prior to the vesting date, a holder of restricted share awards otherwise has all the rights of a shareholder of INSW, including the right to vote such shares and the right to receive dividends paid with respect to such shares at the same time as common shareholders generally. Management Compensation Stock Options There were stock options granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. A total of and stock options were exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, by certain senior officers and employees of the Company at an average exercise price of and per share, respectively. After withholdings for taxes and costs, the Company issued a total of and shares, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in conjunction with these exercises. Restricted Stock Units During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted time-based restricted stock units RSUs to certain of its senior officers and employees. The weighted average grant date fair value of these awards was per RSU. Each RSU represents a contingent right to receive share of INSW common stock upon vesting. of the RSUs awarded will vest in equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date and of the RSUs awarded will cliff vest on October 24, 2025. 

 16 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 performance-based RSUs to certain of its senior officers. Each performance stock unit represents a contingent right to receive RSUs based upon the covered employees being continuously employed through the end of the period over which the performance goals are measured and shall vest as follows: (i) one-half of the target RSUs shall vest on December 31, 2026, subject to INSW s return on invested capital ROIC performance in the three-year ROIC performance period relative to a target rate (the ROIC Target set forth in the award agreements; and (ii) one-half of the target RSUs shall vest on December 31, 2026, subject to INSW s three-year total shareholder return TSR performance relative to that of a performance peer group over a three-year performance period TSR Target ). Vesting is subject in each case to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors certification of achievement of the performance measures and targets no later than March 15, 2027. The weighted average grant date fair value of the awards with performance conditions was determined to be per RSU. The weighted average grant date fair value of the TSR based performance awards which have a market condition was estimated using a Monte Carlo probability model and determined to be per RSU. Dividends During 2024, the Company s Board of Directors have declared and paid the following regular quarterly and supplemental dividends: March 28, 2024 May 7, 2024 June 26, 2024 August 6, 2024 September 25, 2024 On , the Company s Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of per share of common stock and a supplemental dividend of per share of common stock. Both dividends will be paid on to stockholders of record as of . Share Repurchases During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased and retired shares of its common stock in open-market purchases, at an average price of per share, for a total cost of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased and retired shares of its common stock in open-market purchases, at an average price of per share, for a total cost of million. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining buyback authorization under the Company s million stock repurchase program expiring in December 2025 was million. In November 2024, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an increase in the share repurchase program to million from million. In connection with the settlement of vested restricted stock units and the exercise of stock options, the Company repurchase d shares of common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, at an average cost of per share (based on the closing market prices on the dates of vesting or exercise) from employees and certain members of management to cover withholding taxes. Similarly, the Company repurchased and shares of common stock during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, at an average cost of and , respectively, per share. Shares issued relating to Vessel Acquisitions Refer to Note 5, Vessels for further details. 

 17 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Items not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost (pension plans) ) ) ) ) The changes in the balances of each component of accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net of related taxes, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 follow: 

(Dollars in thousands) Unrealized gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges Items not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost Total Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 

(Dollars in thousands) Unrealized losses on cash flow hedges Items not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost Total Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 

 18 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)) ) ) ) Interest expense Reclassifications of losses on discontinued hedging instruments Interest rate swap entered into by the Company's subsidiaries ) ) ) ) Interest expense Total before and net of tax ) ) ) ) At September 30, 2024, the Company expects that it will reclassify million (gross and net of tax) of net gain on derivative instruments from accumulated other comprehensive income to earnings during the next twelve months attributable to interest rate swaps held by the Company. See Note 7, Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Disclosures, for additional disclosures relating to derivative instruments. notice. As of September 30, 2024, the Company is a party to time charter out contracts with customers on VLCCs, Suezmaxes, Aframax, LR2, and MRs with expiry dates ranging from November 2024 to April 2030. The Company s contracts with customers for voyage charters are short term and vary in length based upon the duration of each voyage. Lease revenue for non-variable lease payments is recognized over the lease term on a straight-line basis and lease revenue for variable lease payments (e.g., demurrage) is recognized in the period in which the changes in facts and circumstances on which the variable lease payments are based occur. Lightering services provided by the Company s Crude Tanker Lightering Business, and voyage charter contracts that do not meet the definition of a lease are accounted for as service revenues under ASC 606. In accordance with ASC 606, revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of or consumes promised services. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for these services. 

 19 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Time charter revenues Voyage charter revenues from non-variable lease payments Revenues from services Voyage charter revenues from lightering services Total shipping revenues Three months ended September 30, 2023: Revenues from leases Pool revenues Time charter revenues Voyage charter revenues from non-variable lease payments Voyage charter revenues from variable lease payments Revenues from services Voyage charter revenues from lightering services Total shipping revenues 

Crude Product (Dollars in thousands) Tankers Carriers Totals Nine months ended September 30, 2024: Revenues from leases Pool revenues Time and bareboat charter revenues Voyage charter revenues from non-variable lease payments Revenues from services Voyage charter revenues from lightering services Total shipping revenues Nine months ended September 30, 2023: Revenues from leases Pool revenues Time and bareboat charter revenues Voyage charter revenues from non-variable lease payments Voyage charter revenues from variable lease payments Revenues from services Voyage charter revenues from lightering services Total shipping revenues Contract Balances 

 20 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Closing balance as of September 30, 2024 We receive payments from customers based on the schedule established in our contracts. Contract assets relate to our conditional right to consideration for our completed performance obligations under contracts and decrease when the right to consideration becomes unconditional or payments are received. Contract liabilities include payments received in advance of performance under contracts and are recognized when performance under the respective contract has been completed. Deferred revenues allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations will be recognized over time as the services are performed. Performance Obligations All of the Company s performance obligations are generally transferred to customers over time. The expected duration of services is less than one year. There were no material adjustments in revenues from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Costs to Obtain or Fulfill a Contract As of September 30, 2024, there were unamortized deferred costs of obtaining or fulfilling a contract. European Union s Emissions Trading System Commencing January 1, 2024, the European Union s Emissions Trading System EU ETS was extended to cover Carbon dioxide CO 2 emissions from ships over 5,000 gross tons entering EU ports. The EU ETS covers (a) 50 of emissions from voyages either starting in or ending in an EU port, and (b) 100 of emissions from voyages between two EU ports or emissions generated while a ship is within an EU port. Shipping companies will have to surrender EU ETS emissions allowances EUA for each ton of reported CO 2 emissions in the scope of the EU ETS. There is a phase-in period for the regulations, as allowances will have to be submitted for 40 of 2024 emissions, 70 of 2025 emissions and 100 of emissions for 2026 and subsequent years. Beginning in 2026, the scope of the EU ETS will also be expanded to include Methane CH 4 and Nitrous oxide N 2 O ). EUAs are valued based upon a market approach utilizing prices published on an EUA market index. The value of the EUAs to be provided to the Company pursuant to the terms of its agreements with the charterers of its vessels and the commercial pools in which it participates is included in shipping revenues in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The value of the EUA obligations incurred by the Company under the EU ETS while its vessels are on-hire is included in voyage expenses, or in vessel expenses while its vessels are off-hire, in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. EUAs held by the Company are intended to be used to settle its EUA obligations and are accounted for as intangible assets. The Company did not hold any EUAs as of September 30, 2024. EUAs relating to 2024 emissions are required to be surrendered to the EU authorities in September 2025. 

 21 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Time charter revenues Total shipping revenues Voyage expenses The value of EUAs due to the Company from its charterers or commercial pools in which it participates, and the value of the EUAs the Company is obligated to surrender to the EU authorities is million as of September 30, 2024 and is included in other receivables and other current liabilities , respectively, in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. major categories of leases chartered-in vessel and leased office and other space. The expenses recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for the lease component of these leases are as follows: 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating lease cost Vessel assets Charter hire expenses Finance lease cost Vessel assets Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Office and other space General and administrative Voyage expenses Short-term lease cost Vessel assets (1) Charter hire expenses Total lease cost 

22 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 each, totaling million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, including both lease and non-lease components. Finance cash flows used for finance leases Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Operating lease right-of-use assets Current portion of operating lease liabilities ) ) Long-term operating lease liabilities ) ) Total operating and finance lease liabilities ) ) Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases 4.92 years 4.42 years Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 1. Charters-in of vessel assets: As of September 30, 2024, the Company has commitments to time charter-in LR1s through to June 2025 and March 2026, respectively. The 18-month charter-in lease period of one of the LR1s did not commence until the vessel was delivered in October 2024. Accordingly, the associated operating lease liability and right of use asset were not recognized as of September 30, 2024. The minimum lease payments (including both lease and non-lease components) due under this time charter-in will be , , and in 2024, 2025, and 2026, respectively. 2025 163 Total lease payments (lease component only) less imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 2. Office and other space: The Company has operating leases for offices and a lightering workboat dock space. These leases have expiry dates ranging from December 2024 to May 2033. The lease for the workboat dock space contains renewal options executable by the Company for periods through December 2027. We have determined that the options through December 2024 are reasonably certain to be executed by the Company, and accordingly the options are included in the lease liability and right of use asset calculations for such lease. 

 23 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments less imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities Contracts under which the Company is a Lessor See Note 12, Revenue, for discussion on the Company s revenues from operating leases accounted for under ASC 842. VLCCs, Suezmaxes, Aframax, LR2, and MRs, and the related revenue days as of September 30, 2024 are as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) Amount Revenue Days 2024 1,332 2025 4,112 2026 2,699 2027 1,259 2028 1,098 Thereafter 1,323 Future minimum revenues 11,823 Future minimum contracted revenues do not include the Company s share of time charters entered into by the pools in which it participates or profit-sharing above the base rate on the newbuild dual-fuel LNG VLCCs. Revenues from a time charter are not generally received when a vessel is off-hire, including time required for normal periodic maintenance of the vessel. In arriving at the minimum future charter revenues, an estimated time off-hire to perform periodic maintenance on each vessel has been deducted, although there is no assurance that such estimate will be reflective of the actual off-hire in the future. Legal and consulting fees associated with settlement of pension plan obligations Total other operating expenses 

 24 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 million into the OSG Ship Management (UK) Ltd. Retirement Benefits Plan (the Plan to allow the Trustee of the Plan to purchase a million insurance contract tailored to match the full value of future Plan benefits payable from the Plan. In this arrangement, the Company s pension benefit obligation and related risks and rewards are not transferred to the insurance company, and as a result, the Company continues to be responsible for paying the benefits. However, this arrangement generally constitutes an economic settlement of the liability by eliminating relevant risks associated with changes to the obligation, including investment, interest rate and longevity risk. The contract is accounted for as a plan asset in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. As this arrangement does not qualify for settlement accounting under ASC 715, Compensation Retirement Benefits , the corresponding obligation is netted against the plan asset in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet at an equal amount. The Company expects the benefits due to the participants under the Plan to be transferred to the insurance company at the completion of their standard review of the Plan s underlying data with minimal or no additional cost to the Company. At such time, the Company believes the arrangement will qualify for the settlement accounting. Multi-Employer Plans The Merchant Navy Officers Pension Fund MNOPF is a multi-employer defined benefit pension plan covering British crew members that served as officers on board INSW s vessels (as well as vessels of other owners). The Trustees of the MNOPF have indicated that, under the terms of the High Court ruling in 2005, which established the liability of past employers to fund the deficit on the Post 1978 section of MNOPF, calls for further contributions may be required if additional actuarial deficits arise or if other employers liable for contributions are not able to pay their share in the future. On July 11, 2024, the Company and the Trustees of the MNOPF entered into an agreement pursuant to which the Company paid million and the Trustees of the MNOPF agreed not to seek any future contributions from the Company. The Merchant Navy Ratings Pension Fund MNRPF is a multi-employer defined benefit pension plan covering British crew members that served as ratings (seamen) on board INSW s vessels (as well as vessels of other owners) more than 20 years ago. Based on a High Court ruling in 2015, the Trustees of the MNRPF levied assessments to recover the significant deficit in the plan from participating employers. Participating employers include current employers, historic employers that have made voluntary contributions, and historic employers such as INSW that have made no deficit contributions. In September 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with the Trustees of the MNRPF to release the Company from any future obligation to fund deficits in the plan in exchange for the Company s payment of million. The Company also made payments totaling million to reimburse the Trustees of the MNOPF and MNRPF for costs incurred in connection with the agreements entered into with the Company. Legal Proceedings Arising in the Ordinary Course of Business The Company is a party, as plaintiff or defendant, to various suits in the ordinary course of business for monetary relief arising principally from personal injuries, wrongful death, collision or other casualty and to claims arising under charter parties and other contract disputes. A substantial majority of such personal injury, wrongful death, collision or other casualty claims against the 

 25 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 million in security. The underlying commercial dispute is in arbitration in England. The Company is defending itself vigorously against the arrest and the allegations in the underlying dispute. The Company is currently unable to predict the outcome of this matter, and estimate of liability has been accrued at this time. 

 26 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements represent the Company s reasonable expectation with respect to future events or circumstances based on various factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company s operations, financial results, financial condition, business, prospects, growth strategy and liquidity. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, that could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements and consideration should be given to the following factors when reviewing any such statement. Such factors include, but are not limited to: the highly cyclical nature of INSW s industry; fluctuations in the market value of vessels; declines in charter rates, including spot charter rates or other market deterioration; an increase in the supply of vessels without a commensurate increase in demand; the impact of adverse weather and natural disasters, including the continuing drought in Panama, reducing water levels in the Panama Canal and thereby decreasing the daily number of vessels permitted to transit the canal, resulting in delays crossing the canal or extending their voyages by going around Cape Horn; the adequacy of INSW s insurance to cover its losses, including in connection with maritime accidents or spill events; constraints on capital availability; changing economic, political and governmental conditions in the United States and/or abroad and general conditions in the oil and natural gas industry; the impact of changes in fuel prices; acts of piracy on ocean-going vessels; terrorist attacks and international hostilities and instability, including attacks against merchant vessels in the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden by Iran-backed Houthi militants based in Yemen; the war between Russia and Ukraine could adversely affect INSW s business; the impact of public health threats and outbreaks of other highly communicable diseases, including COVID-19; the effect of the Company s indebtedness on its ability to finance operations, pursue desirable business opportunities and successfully run its business in the future; an event occurs that causes the rights issued under the A R Rights Agreement adopted by the Company on April 11, 2023 to become exercisable; the Company s ability to generate sufficient cash to service its indebtedness and to comply with debt covenants; the Company s ability to make capital expenditures to expand the number of vessels in its fleet, and to maintain all of its vessels and to comply with existing and new regulatory standards; the availability and cost of third-party service providers for technical and commercial management of the Company s fleet; the Company s ability to renew its time charters when they expire or to enter into new time charters; termination or change in the nature of the Company s relationship with any of the commercial pools in which it participates and the ability of such commercial pools to pursue a profitable chartering strategy; competition within the Company s industry and INSW s ability to compete effectively for charters with companies with greater resources; the loss of a large customer or significant business relationship; the Company s ability to realize benefits from its past acquisitions or acquisitions or other strategic transactions it may make in the future; increasing operating costs and capital expenses as the Company s vessels age, including increases due to limited shipbuilder warranties or the consolidation of suppliers; the Company s ability to replace its operating leases on favorable terms, or at all; changes in credit risk with respect to the Company s counterparties on contracts; 

 27 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 the failure of contract counterparties to meet their obligations; the Company s ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees; work stoppages or other labor disruptions by employees of INSW or other companies in related industries; unexpected drydock costs; the potential for technological innovation to reduce the value of the Company s vessels and charter income derived therefrom; the impact of an interruption in or failure of the Company s information technology and communication systems upon the Company s ability to operate; seasonal variations in INSW s revenues; government requisition of the Company s vessels during a period of war or emergency; the Company s compliance with complex laws, regulations and in particular, environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to ballast water treatment and the emission of greenhouse gases and air contaminants, including from marine engines; legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, including proposals to restrict emissions of greenhouse gases GHGs and other sustainability initiatives, could have an adverse impact on the Company s business and results of operations; increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, lenders, and other market participants with respect to our Environmental, Social and Governance policies; any non-compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or other applicable regulations relating to bribery or corruption; the impact of litigation, government inquiries and investigations; governmental claims against the Company; the arrest of INSW s vessels by maritime claimants; changes in laws, including governing tax laws, treaties or regulations, including those relating to environmental and security matters; changes in worldwide trading conditions, including the impact of tariffs, trade sanctions, boycotts and other restrictions on trade; and Pending and future tax law changes may result in significant additional taxes to INSW. The Company assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or its representatives after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statement contained in this paragraph and in other reports hereafter filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. INTRODUCTION This Management s Discussion and Analysis, which should be read in conjunction with our accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, provides a discussion and analysis of our business, current developments, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations as of September 30, 2024 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. It is organized as follows: General. This section provides a general description of our business, which we believe is important in understanding the results of our operations, financial condition and potential future trends. Operations Oil Tanker Markets. This section provides an overview of industry operations and dynamics that have an impact on the Company s financial position and results of operations. 

 28 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies. This section identifies any updates to those accounting policies that are considered important to our results of operations and financial condition, require significant judgment and involve significant management estimates. Results from Vessel Operations. This section provides an analysis of our results of operations presented on a business segment basis. In addition, a brief description of significant transactions and other items that affect the comparability of the results is provided, if applicable. Liquidity and Sources of Capital. This section provides an analysis of our cash flows, outstanding debt and commitments. Included in the analysis of our outstanding debt is a discussion of the amount of financial capacity available to fund our ongoing operations and future commitments as well as a discussion of the Company s planned and/or already executed capital allocation activities. Risk Management. This section provides a general overview of how the interest rate, currency and fuel price volatility risks are managed by the Company. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes industry data and forecasts that we have prepared based, in part, on information obtained from industry publications and surveys. Third-party industry publications, surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. In addition, certain statements regarding our market position in this report are based on information derived from internal market studies and research reports. Unless we state otherwise, statements about the Company s relative competitive position in this report are based on our management s beliefs, internal studies and management s knowledge of industry trends. General: We are a provider of ocean transportation services for crude oil and refined petroleum products. We operate our vessels in the International Flag market. Our business includes two reportable segments: Crude Tankers and Product Carriers. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 we derived 55 and 54 , respectively, of our TCE revenues from our Product Carriers segment compared with 53 and 52 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Revenues from our Crude Tankers segment constituted the balance of our TCE revenues in the 2024 and 2023 periods. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s operating fleet consisted of 76 wholly-owned or lease financed and time chartered-in vessels aggregating 9.0 million deadweight tons dwt ). In addition to our operating fleet of 76 vessels, six LR1 newbuilds are scheduled for delivery to the Company between the second half of 2025 and third quarter of 2026, bringing the total operating and newbuild fleet to 82 vessels. Our fleet includes VLCC, Suezmax and Aframax crude tankers and LR2, LR1 and MR product carriers. The Company s revenues are highly sensitive to patterns of supply and demand for vessels of the size and design configurations owned and operated by the Company and the trades in which those vessels operate. Rates for the transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products from which the Company earns a substantial majority of its revenues are determined by market forces such as the supply and demand for oil, the distance that cargoes must be transported, and the number of vessels expected to be available at the time such cargoes need to be transported. The demand for oil shipments is significantly affected by the state of the global economy, levels of U.S. domestic and international production and OPEC exports. The number of vessels available to transport cargo is affected by newbuilding deliveries and by the removal of existing vessels from service, principally through storage, recycling or conversions. The Company s revenues are also affected by its vessel employment strategy, which seeks to achieve the optimal mix of spot (voyage charter) and long-term (time or bareboat charter) charters. Because shipping revenues and voyage expenses are significantly affected by the mix between voyage charters and time charters, the Company measures the performance of its fleet of vessels based on TCE revenues. Management makes economic decisions based on anticipated TCE rates and evaluates financial performance based on TCE rates achieved. In order to take advantage of market conditions and optimize economic performance, management employs all of the Company s LR1 product carriers, which currently participate in the Panamax International Pool, in the transportation of crude oil cargoes. 

 29 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 Our revenues are derived primarily from spot market voyage charters and our vessels are predominantly employed in the spot market via market-leading commercial pools. We derived approximately 84 and 87 of our total TCE revenues in the spot market for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with 89 and 92 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The future minimum revenues, before reduction for brokerage commissions, expected to be received on non-cancelable time charters for three VLCCs, two Suezmaxes, one Aframax, one LR2, and eight MRs, as of September 30, 2024 are as follows: 

(Dollars in millions) Amount (1) 2024 36.5 2025 114.2 2026 79.6 2027 39.4 2028 34.0 Thereafter 41.0 Future minimum revenues 344.8 

 (1) Future minimum contracted revenues do not include the Company s share of time charters entered into by the pools in which it participates or profit-sharing above the base rate on the newbuild dual-fuel LNG VLCCs. In arriving at the minimum future charter revenues, an estimated time off-hire to perform periodic maintenance on each vessel has been deducted, although there is no assurance that such estimate will be reflective of the actual off-hire in the future. 

 30 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 Operations and Oil Tanker Markets: The International Energy Agency IEA estimates global oil consumption for the third quarter of 2024 at 103.6 million barrels per day b/d ), up 0.7 from the same quarter in 2023. The estimate for global oil consumption for 2024 is 102.8 million b/d, an increase of 0.8 over the 2023 estimate of 102.0 million b/d. OECD demand in 2024 is estimated to remain unchanged at 45.6 million b/d, while non-OECD demand is estimated to increase by 1.6 to 57.2 million b/d. Global oil production in the third quarter of 2024 was 102.6 million b/d, a decrease of 0.1 million b/d from the third quarter of 2023. OPEC crude oil production averaged 26.5 million b/d in the third quarter of 2024, down 0.1 million b/d from the second quarter of 2024, and a decrease of 1.0 million b/d from the third quarter of 2023. Non-OPEC production increased by 0.8 million b/d to 70.5 million b/d in the third quarter of 2024 compared with the third quarter of 2023. Oil production in the U.S. of 13.2 million b/d in the third quarter of 2024 remained unchanged from the second quarter of 2024 and increased by 2.1 from the third quarter of 2023. U.S. refinery throughput increased by 0.5 million b/d to 16.9 million b/d in the third quarter of 2024 compared with the second quarter of 2024. U.S. crude oil imports in the third quarter of 2024 increased by 0.8 million b/d to 7.1 million b/d compared with the third quarter of 2023, with imports from OPEC countries increasing by 0.1 million b/d and imports from non-OPEC countries increasing by 0.7 million b/d. China s crude oil imports for the first three quarters of 2024 decreased 2.8 , or 0.3 million b/d, to 11.0 million b/d, compared with the same period in 2023. Total OECD commercial inventories ended the third quarter of 2024 down 1.3 or 18 million barrels of crude and up 1.5 or 23 million barrels of products, compared with the third quarter of 2023. During the third quarter of 2024, the tanker fleet of vessels over 10,000 dwt increased, net of vessels recycled, by 1.5 million dwt as the crude fleet increased by 0.8 million dwt, split between Suezmaxes and Aframaxes. The product carrier fleet increased by 0.6 million dwt, all in the MR fleet. Year-over-year, the size of the tanker fleet increased by 5.5 million dwt with the VLCCs, Suezmaxes, Aframaxes, and MRs increasing by 0.6 million dwt, 0.3 million dwt, 2.3 million dwt, and 2.3 million dwt, respectively. The LR1/Panamax fleet remained unchanged. During the third quarter of 2024, the tanker orderbook increased by 3.0 million dwt overall compared with the second quarter of 2024. The crude tanker orderbook increased by 1.9 million dwt. The VLCC orderbook increased by 1.5 million dwt and the Aframax orderbook increased by 0.3 million dwt. The product carrier orderbook increased by 1.1 million dwt, with increases in the LR1 and MR sectors of 0.3 million dwt and 0.8 million dwt respectively. Year-over-year, the total tanker orderbook increased by 44.8 million dwt, with increases in VLCC, Suezmaxes, Aframaxes, Panamaxes and LR1s of 15.2 million dwt, 7.9 million dwt, 9.1 million dwt, 2.7 million dwt and 10.0 million dwt, respectively. While VLCC rates held steady during the third quarter, smaller vessel segments experienced decreases from the higher levels achieved during the first and second quarters of 2024. The weaker Chinese economy remains an impediment to stronger rates. Even so, rates remain significantly over 10-year average rates and cash breakeven levels, reflecting the continuing impact of the disruptions in trade flows on tanker demand. Update on Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies: The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which require the Company to make estimates in the application of its accounting policies based on the best assumptions, judgments and opinions of management. For a description of all of the Company s material accounting policies, see Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to 

 31 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for any changes or updates to the Company s critical accounting policies for the current period. Results from Vessel Operations: During the third quarter of 2024, income from vessel operations decreased by 13.2 million to 101.0 million from 114.2 million in the third quarter of 2023. Such decrease resulted principally from a quarter-over-quarter decrease in TCE revenues and increased vessel expenses and depreciation and amortization in the current quarter, partially offset by a 13.5 million gain on the sale of a vessel recognized in the current quarter. TCE revenues in the third quarter of 2024 decreased by 16.3 million, or 7 , to 219.7 million from 236.0 million in the third quarter of 2023. This decrease reflects (i) an aggregate 17.6 million rates-based decline resulting from lower average daily rates earned in each of INSW s Crude tanker fleet sectors and the LR1 fleet, (ii) a 9.5 million days-based decline in the LR1 fleet due to a smaller time chartered-in portfolio and 41 more off-hire days during the current quarter, partially offset by (iii) a 6.0 million aggregate rates-based increase in the MR and LR2 sectors, and (iv) a 1.2 million increase attributable to the Company s Lightering business. During the first nine months of 2024, income from vessel operations decreased by 58.0 million to 410.2 million from 468.1 million in the first nine months of 2023. Such decrease resulted principally from a 65.1 million decrease in TCE revenues and increased depreciation and amortization and vessel expenses in the current period, partially offset by higher gains on the sale of three vessels recognized in the first nine months of 2024 compared to one vessel sold in the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in TCE revenues in the first nine months of 2024 of 65.1 million , or 8 , to 742.5 million from 807.6 million in the first nine months of 2023 reflects (i) a 41.2 million days-based decline in the LR1 sector, which was driven by factors similar to those discussed above for the quarter-over-quarter period, and (ii) a net rates-based decrease of 36.3 million resulting from lower average daily rates in the Crude tanker and LR1 fleets, partially offset by strengthened rates in the MR and LR2 sectors. Such decreases were partially offset by (iii) a 11.5 million days-based increase in the VLCC fleet resulting from the delivery of three dual-fuel LNG VLCC newbuilds between March 2023 and May 2023 See Note 4, Business and Segment Reporting, to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information on the Company s segments, including reconciliations of (i) time charter equivalent revenues to shipping revenues and (ii) adjusted income from vessel operations for the segments to income before income taxes, as reported in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

 32 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 Crude Tankers 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands, except daily rate amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 TCE revenues 98,821 110,766 343,639 388,963 Vessel expenses (34,218) (29,111) (94,643) (83,156) Charter hire expenses (4,411) (2,690) (11,728) (9,239) Depreciation and amortization (20,536) (20,039) (60,571) (56,583) Adjusted income from vessel operations (a) 39,656 58,926 176,696 239,985 Average daily TCE rate 36,587 41,470 43,350 50,699 Average number of owned vessels (b) 21.0 21.0 21.0 19.7 Average number of vessels chartered-in 9.2 9.1 9.2 9.3 Number of revenue days (c) 2,701 2,671 7,927 7,672 Number of ship-operating days: (d) Owned vessels 1,932 1,930 5,754 5,368 Vessels bareboat chartered-in under leases (e) 828 830 2,466 2,509 Vessels spot chartered-in under leases (f) 18 4 49 19 

 (a) Adjusted income from vessel operations by segment is before general and administrative expenses, other operating expenses, third-party debt modification fees and gain on disposal of vessels and other property, net. (b) The average is calculated to reflect the addition and disposal of vessels during the period. (c) Revenue days represent ship-operating days less days that vessels were not available for employment due to repairs, drydock or lay-up. Revenue days are weighted to reflect the Company s interest in chartered-in vessels. (d) Ship-operating days represent calendar days. (e) Represents VLCCs and Aframaxes that secured lease financing arrangements during the periods presented. Between March and July 2023 the Company purchased the three remaining Aframaxes that it had been bareboat chartering-in under the purchase options contained in such charters, and accordingly, such vessels are not included in this category for the 2024 periods. (f) Represents vessels spot chartered-in by the Company s Crude Tankers Lightering business for full service lightering jobs. 

 33 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 The following tables provide a breakdown of TCE rates achieved for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, between spot and fixed earnings and the related revenue days. The information in this table is based, in part, on information provided by the commercial pools in which the segment s vessels participate and excludes commercial pool fees/commissions averaging approximately 1,132 and 1,022 per day for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 1,055 and 992 per day for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, as well as activity in the Crude Tankers Lightering business and revenue and revenue days for which recoveries were recorded by the Company under its loss of hire insurance policies. The fixed earnings rates in the table are net of broker/address commissions. 

2024 2023 Spot Earnings Fixed Earnings Spot Earnings Fixed Earnings Three Months Ended September 30, VLCC: Average rate 29,711 31,903 40,961 35,319 Revenue days 881 276 870 297 Suezmax: Average rate 38,044 30,979 38,708 30,973 Revenue days 1,014 183 1,012 184 Aframax (1) : Average rate 25,119 38,574 34,046 38,652 Revenue days 186 91 232 73 Nine Months Ended September 30, VLCC: Average rate 40,111 36,702 46,342 40,597 Revenue days 2,572 822 2,431 703 Suezmax: Average rate 42,564 31,003 52,627 31,093 Revenue days 3,013 548 2,996 496 Aframax (1) : Average rate 32,997 38,524 47,640 38,652 Revenue days 597 273 926 73 

 (1) During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, one Aframax was employed on a transitional voyage in the spot market outside of its ordinary course operations in the Aframax International pool. Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, one Aframax was employed on a transitional voyage outside of the Dakota Tankers Aframax Pool. Such transitional voyages are excluded from the table above. During the third quarter of 2024, TCE revenues for the Crude Tankers segment decreased by 11.9 million, or 11 , to 98.8 million from 110.8 million in the third quarter of 2023. Such decrease principally resulted from (i) an aggregate rates-based decrease in the VLCC, Suezmax and Aframax fleets of 13.6 million due to lower average daily blended rates in these sectors. This decrease was partially offset by (ii) a 1.2 million increase in the Crude Tankers Lightering business, and (iii) a 0.9 million days-based increase in the Aframax fleet, which reflected 25 fewer off-hire days in the current quarter . Vessel expenses increased by 5.1 million to 34.2 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 29.1 million in the third quarter of 2023. Such increase primarily reflects increased costs for repairs and renewals, off-hire fuel, transportation and crew. Charter hire expenses increased by 1.7 million quarter-over-quarter due to increased charter hire expense in the Crude Tankers Lightering business, which primarily reflects incremental chartered-in Aframax days for full-service jobs. Excluding depreciation and amortization and general and administrative expenses, operating income for the Crude Tankers Lightering business was 5.5 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared with 6.5 million for the third quarter of 2023. The decrease reflects lower service support only activity levels period-over-period, with 106 service support only lighterings being performed during the 

 34 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 114 in the prior year s period. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in full service jobs, from one in the three months ended September 30, 2023, to three in the current quarter. During the first nine months of 2024, TCE revenues for the Crude Tankers segment decreased by 45.3 million, or 12 , to 343.6 million from 389.0 million in the first nine months of 2023. Such decrease principally resulted from (i) an aggregate rates-based decrease in the VLCC, Suezmax and Aframax fleets of 62.3 million due to lower average daily blended rates in these sectors and (ii) a 4.7 million days-based decline in the Aframax fleet, which reflected 107 more off-hire days in the current period. These decreases were offset by (iii) a 11.5 million days-based increase in the VLCC fleet, which reflected the delivery of three dual-fuel LNG VLCC newbuilds during the first half of 2023, partially offset by 66 more off-hire days in the current period , (iv) a 6.9 million increase in the Crude Tankers Lightering business, and (v) a 3.3 million days-based increase in the Suezmax sector resulting from 56 fewer off-hire days in the current period. Vessel expenses increased by 11.5 million to 94.6 million in the first nine months of 2024 from 83.2 million in the first nine months of 2023. T he VLCC newbuild deliveries described above resulted in 3.2 million of incremental vessel expense in the current year s period. The remainder of the increase was driven by factors consistent with the quarter-of-quarter variance described above, along with the timing of the delivery of stores and spare parts. Charter hire expenses increased by 2.5 million in the current year s period due to increased charter hire expense in the Crude Tankers Lightering business, which primarily reflects incremental chartered-in Aframax days for full-service jobs and an increased daily rate on two of the workboats being chartered-in. Depreciation and amortization increased by 4.0 million to 60.6 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 56.6 million in the prior year s comparable period principally as a result of the commencement of depreciation on the Company s three dual-fuel LNG VLCC newbuilds. Excluding depreciation and amortization and general and administrative expenses, operating income for the Crude Tankers Lightering business was 20.4 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 17.7 million for the first nine months of 2023. The increase reflects increased activity levels period-over-period, with 368 service support only lighterings and six full-service lightering jobs being completed during the first nine months of 2024 compared with 339 service support only lighterings and two full-service job during the first nine months of 2023. Product Carriers 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands, except daily rate amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 TCE revenues 120,866 125,186 398,824 418,644 Vessel expenses (37,051) (35,484) (107,846) (105,360) Charter hire expenses (2,834) (8,608) (9,113) (21,360) Depreciation and amortization (18,768) (13,298) (49,403) (38,694) Adjusted income from vessel operations 62,213 67,796 232,462 253,230 Average daily TCE rate 29,880 30,645 34,695 33,956 Average number of owned vessels 41.2 40.0 39.9 39.6 Average number of vessels chartered-in 5.0 6.5 5.0 7.3 Number of revenue days 4,045 4,085 11,495 12,329 Number of ship-operating days: Owned vessels 3,786 3,678 10,940 10,809 Vessels bareboat chartered-in under leases (a) 368 371 1,096 1,276 Vessels time chartered-in under leases 92 231 274 729 

 (a) Represents MRs that secured lease financing arrangements during the 2024 periods and an LR2 and MRs that secured lease financing arrangements during the 2023 periods. 

 35 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 The following table provides a breakdown of TCE rates achieved for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, between spot and fixed earnings and the related revenue days. The information in this table is based, in part, on information provided by the commercial pools in which the segment s vessels participate and excludes commercial pool fees/commissions averaging approximately 841 and 786 per day for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 879 and 792 per day for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, as well as revenue and revenue days for which recoveries were recorded by the Company under its loss of hire insurance policies. The fixed earnings rates in the table are net of broker/address commissions. 

2024 2023 Spot Earnings Fixed Earnings Spot Earnings Fixed Earnings Three Months Ended September 30, LR2 (1) : Average rate 39,498 32,603 Revenue days 69 92 LR1 (2) : Average rate 46,899 56,295 Revenue days 594 685 MR (3) : Average rate 29,006 21,920 26,563 21,200 Revenue days 2,685 692 2,836 382 Nine Months Ended September 30, LR2 (1) : Average rate 53,172 39,498 30,436 18,588 Revenue days 149 69 133 140 LR1 (2) : Average rate 55,397 63,950 Revenue days 1,671 2,265 MR (3) : Average rate 33,912 21,745 28,857 20,732 Revenue days 7,828 1,665 8,877 781 

 (1) During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company s LR2 was employed on a transitional voyage in the spot market subsequent to the May 2023 expiry of its time charter and prior to joining the Hafnia LR2 Pool in July 2023. (2) In order to take advantage of market conditions and optimize economic performance, during the 2024 and 2023 periods, management employed all of the Company s LR1 product carriers, which operate in the Panamax International pool, exclusively in the transportation of crude oil cargoes. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, one LR1 was employed on a transitional voyage in the spot market outside of its ordinary course operations in the Panamax International pool. Additionally, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, two LR1s were employed on transitional voyages. Such transitional voyages are excluded from the table above. (3) During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, certain of the Company s MRs were employed on transitional voyages in the spot market outside of their ordinary course operations in commercial pools. Such transitional voyages are excluded from the table above. During the third quarter of 2024, TCE revenues for the Product Carriers segment decreased by 4.3 million, or 3 , to 120.9 million from 125.2 million in the third quarter of 2023. The reduction in TCE revenues was primarily as a result of (i) a 9.5 million days-based decrease in the LR1 fleet sector which reflects the impacts of a 139-day net decrease in time-chartered in days and an increase of 41 off-hire days in the current period and (ii) a 4.1 million rates-based decrease in the LR1 sector due to lower average daily rates earned in the current quarter. Partially offsetting these decreases were (iii) a 5.5 million rates-based increase in MR fleet due to higher average blended rates earned in the current quarter, and (iv) a 4.1 million days-based increase in the MR sector, which reflects a 106-day increase in owned vessel days and 58 less off-hire days in the current period. The increase in owned vessel days resulted 

 36 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 from the Company s acquisition of six MRs between April 2024 and May 2024, partially offset by the sales of five MRs between October 2023 and July 2024. Vessel expenses increased by 1.6 million to 37.1 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 35.5 million in the third quarter of 2023. Such increase principally reflects higher drydock deviation costs in the LR1 sector. Charter hire expenses decreased by 5.8 million to 2.8 million in the current quarter from 8.6 million in the third quarter of 2023, primarily as a result of the quarter-over-quarter decrease in time chartered-in LR1 days described above. Depreciation and amortization increased by 5.5 million to 18.8 million in the current quarter from 13.3 million in the prior year s quarter. Such increase resulted primarily from increased drydock amortization and the MR purchases and sales referenced above, as the acquired vessels have higher cost bases than the older vessels that were sold. During the first nine months of 2024, TCE revenues for the Product Carriers segment decreased by 19.8 million, or 5 , to 398.8 million from 418.6 million in the first nine months of 2023. The reduction in TCE revenues was primarily as a result of (i) a 41.2 million days-based decrease in the LR1 fleet sector which reflects the impacts of a 455-day net decrease in time-chartered in days and an increase of 215 off-hire days in the current year s period, (ii) a 13.1 million rates-based decrease in the LR1 sector due to lower average daily rates earned in the current period, and (iii) a 3.1 million days-based decline in the MR sector, which reflects 55 fewer owned vessel days and 59 more off-hire days in the current period. The decrease in owned vessel days reflects the sale of six MRs between March 2023 and July 2024, partially offset by the six MR acquisitions during the second quarter of 2024 described above. Partially offsetting the TCE revenue decreases described above was (iv) a 39.1 million aggregate rates-based increase in the MR and LR2 sectors due to higher average daily blended rates earned in the current period. Vessel expenses increased by 2.5 million to 107.9 million in the first nine months of 2024 from 105.4 million in the first nine months of 2023. Such increase principally reflects higher LR1 drydock deviation costs, partially offset by the impacts of the reduction in owned MR days noted above. Charter hire expenses decreased by 12.2 million to 9.1 million in the current period from 21.4 million in the first nine months of 2023, primarily as a result of the period-over-period decrease in time chartered-in LR1 days described above. Depreciation and amortization increased by 10.7 million to 49.4 million in the first nine months of 2024 from 38.7 million in the prior year s period. The drivers of this increase were consistent with the quarter-over-quarter increase described above. General and Administrative Expenses During the third quarter of 2024, general and administrative expenses increased by 1.1 million to 13.4 million from 12.3 million in the third quarter of 2023. The primary drivers for the increase were higher legal and consultancy fees of 0.3 million and an increase in compensation and benefits costs of 0.3 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses increased by 2.4 million to 37.5 million from 35.1 million for the same period in 2023. The increase principally relates to increased compensation and benefits costs of 0.7 million and higher legal fees of 0.8 million, principally incurred in connection with a commercial dispute. See Note 16, Contingencies, to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. Other Operating Expenses See Note 14, Other Operating Expenses, to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information on these expenses. Other Income Other income was 3.2 million and 8.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with 0.6 million and 8.3 million of other income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other income for the current 2024 periods includes 2.6 million and 7.9 million, respectively, of interest income earned on invested cash, compared to 3.6 million and 11.3 million of interest income earned for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The 

 37 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 decrease in interest income reflects the impact of a lower average balance of invested cash during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, attributable to the significant deleveraging initiatives completed during 2023 as well as a decrease in interest rates in anticipation of the Federal Reserve s move to cut rates at the end of third quarter of 2024. Interest Expense The components of interest expense are as follows: 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest before items shown below 14,562 19,471 44,497 61,219 Interest cost on defined benefit pension obligation 138 211 523 757 Impact of interest rate hedge derivatives (1,893) (2,865) (6,468) (8,016) Capitalized interest (311) (744) (2,282) Interest expense 12,496 16,817 37,808 51,678 Interest expense decreased in the 2024 periods compared to the corresponding 2023 periods as a result of (i) a reduction in the average outstanding principal balance under the 750 Million Term Loan Facility (which was amended and extended in April 2024), (ii) the repayment in full of the COSCO Lease financing in July 2023 and (iii) the repayment in full of the ING Credit Facility in April 2024, partially offset by post-delivery interest expense related to the BoComm Lease Financing. See Note 8, Debt, in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on the Company s debt facilities. Taxes The Company qualifies for an exemption from U.S. federal income taxes under Section 883 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and U.S. Treasury Department regulations for the 2024 calendar year, as less than 50 percent of the total value of the Company s stock was held by one or more shareholders who own 5 or more of the Company s stock for more than half of the days of 2024. There can be no assurance at this time that INSW will continue to qualify for the Section 883 exemption beyond calendar year 2024. Should the Company not qualify for the exemption in the future, INSW will be subject to U.S. federal income taxation of 4 of its U.S. source shipping income on a gross basis without the benefit of deductions. Shipping income that is attributable to transportation that begins or ends, but that does not both begin and end, in the U.S. will be considered to be 50 derived from sources within the United States. Shipping income attributable to transportation that both begins and ends in the U.S. would be considered to be 100 derived from sources within the United States, but INSW does not and cannot engage in transportation that gives rise to such income. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA EBITDA represents net income before interest expense, income taxes and depreciation and amortization expense. Adjusted EBITDA consists of EBITDA adjusted for the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are presented to provide investors with meaningful additional information that management uses to monitor ongoing operating results and evaluate trends over comparative periods. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not represent, and should not be considered a substitute for, net income or cash flows from operations determined in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results reported under GAAP. Some of the limitations are: EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; and 

 38 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt. 
 While EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are frequently used by companies as a measure of operating results and performance, neither of those items as prepared by the Company is necessarily comparable to other similarly titled captions of other companies due to differences in methods of calculation. The following table reconciles net income, as reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of operations, to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 91,688 97,937 380,901 424,332 Income tax benefit/(provision) (1) 52 (1) 432 Interest expense 12,496 16,817 37,808 51,678 Depreciation and amortization 39,304 33,363 109,974 95,356 EBITDA 143,487 148,169 528,682 571,798 Third-party debt modification fees 148 168 568 Write-off of deferred financing costs 1,343 1,952 (Gain)/loss on disposal of vessels and other assets (13,499) 74 (41,402) (10,648) Provision for settlement of multi-employer pension plan obligations 44 1,019 Loss on extinguishment of debt 1,211 1,323 Adjusted EBITDA 130,032 150,945 488,467 564,993 Liquidity and Sources of Capital: Our business is capital intensive. Our ability to successfully implement our strategy is dependent on the continued availability of capital on attractive terms. In addition, our ability to successfully operate our business to meet near-term and long-term debt repayment obligations is dependent on maintaining sufficient liquidity. Liquidity As of September 30, 2024, we had total liquidity on a consolidated basis of 693.8 million comprised of 153.3 million of cash and 540.5 million of undrawn revolver capacity. Working capital at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was 269.0 million and 269.4 million, respectively. Current assets are highly liquid, consisting principally of cash, interest-bearing deposits, short-term investments consisting of time deposits with original maturities of between 91 and 180 days and receivables. Current liabilities include current installments of long-term debt of 49.8 million and 127.4 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company s cash and cash equivalents decreased by 23.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease principally reflects: 216.6 million in expenditures for vessels and other property, including the purchase of two 2014-built and four 2015-built MRs; 250.4 million of cash dividends paid to shareholders and share buybacks; 56.3 million in regularly scheduled principal amortization of the Company s secured debt facilities and lease financing arrangements; and 20.3 million of principal prepayment of the ING Credit Facility. 

 39 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 Such cash outflows were partially offset by: 453.5 million of cash provided by operating activities; 10.0 million in net proceeds from maturities of short term time deposits; and 71.9 million in net proceeds from the disposal of vessels and other assets. Our cash and cash equivalents balances generally exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limits. We place our cash and cash equivalents in what we believe to be credit-worthy financial institutions. In addition, certain of our money market accounts invest in U.S. Treasury securities or other obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government or its agencies, floating rate and variable demand notes of U.S. and foreign corporations, commercial paper rated in the highest category by Moody s Investor Services and Standard Poor s, certificates of deposit and time deposits, asset-backed securities, and repurchase agreements. As of September 30, 2024, we had total debt outstanding (net of original issue discount and deferred financing costs) of 650.5 million and net debt to capital of 21 , compared with 23.8 at December 31, 2023. Sources, Uses and Management of Capital Building on the strong market conditions during the first half of 2024 to date, we have (i) used incremental liquidity generated from operations and the proceeds from disposal of older tonnage at strong prices to invest in renewing and growing the fleet, (ii) enhanced our balance sheet and liquidity position, and (iii) continued to make substantial returns to shareholders. In addition to future operating cash flows, our other future sources of funds are proceeds from issuances of equity securities, additional borrowings as permitted under our loan agreements and proceeds from the opportunistic sales of our vessels. Our current uses of funds are to fund working capital requirements, maintain the quality of our vessels, purchase vessels, pay newbuilding construction costs, comply with international shipping standards and environmental laws and regulations, repay or repurchase our outstanding loan facilities, pay a regular quarterly cash dividend, and from time to time, repurchase shares of our common stock and pay supplemental cash dividends. The following is a summary of the significant capital allocation and strategic fleet optimization activities the Company executed so far during 2024 and sources of capital the Company has at its disposal for future use as well as the Company s current commitments for future uses of capital: During 2024, the Company s Board of Directors have declared and paid the following regular quarterly and supplemental dividends: 

Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Regular Quarterly Dividend per Share Supplemental Dividend per Share Total Dividends Paid February 28, 2024 March 14, 2024 March 28, 2024 0.12 1.20 64.7 million May 7, 2024 June 12, 2024 June 26, 2024 0.12 1.63 86.9 million August 6, 2024 September 11, 2024 September 25, 2024 0.12 1.38 73.8 million On November 6, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of 0.12 per share of common stock and a supplemental dividend of 1.08 per share of common stock. Both dividends will be paid on December 27, 2024 to stockholders of record as of December 13, 2024. Also, during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased and retired 501,646 shares of our common stock in open-market purchases, at an average price of 49.81 per share, for a total cost of 25.0 million. In continuation of our strategic fleet optimization program, in February 2024, we entered into agreements for the en bloc purchase of four 2015-built and two 2014-built MR Product Carriers for an aggregate purchase price of 232 million. Eighty-five percent of the 

 40 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 purchase price consideration was funded from available liquidity and the balance of 15 with the issuance of common stock. All of the six vessels were delivered during the second quarter of 2024. An automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 was filed with the SEC on April 29, 2024 that, in connection with prospectus supplements filed during the second quarter of 2024, registered the aggregate 623,778 shares that were issued in conjunction with these vessel acquisitions and facilitated the seller s ability to offer and sell or otherwise dispose of the shares of common stock issued to them under this transaction. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we entered into agreements for the sale of one 2009-built MR and two 2008-built MRs for aggregate net proceeds of approximately 72 million after fees and commissions. The vessels were delivered to their buyers between the second and third quarters of 2024 and we recognized total gains on the sales of approximately 41.4 million. In March 2024 we also declared options to build two additional dual-fuel ready LNG 73,600 dwt LR1 Product Carriers at the same shipyard where our other four newbuild LR1s are currently under construction. The six LR1s are expected to be delivered beginning in the second half of 2025 through the third quarter of 2026 for an aggregate cost of approximately 359 million, which will be paid for through a combination of long-term financing and available liquidity. Further building on our liquidity enhancing, deleveraging and financing diversification initiatives, we executed the following transactions: On April 18, 2024, we prepaid the 20.3 million outstanding principal balance under the ING Credit Facility. On April 26, 2024, we entered into an agreement to amend and extend our existing 750 Million Credit Facility, under which the Company had a remaining term loan balance of 94.6 million and undrawn revolver capacity of 257.4 million at March 31, 2024. The new agreement consists of a 500 million revolving credit facility (the 500 Million Revolving Credit Facility that matures in January 2030. Under the terms of the 500 Million Revolving Credit Facility, capacity is reduced on a quarterly basis by approximately 12.8 million each quarter, based on a 20-year age-adjusted profile of the collateral vessels. The 500 Million Revolving Credit Facility bears an interest rate based on term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin (each as defined in the credit agreement). The Applicable Margin is 1.85 and is subject to similar sustainability-linked features as included in the 750 Million Credit Facility, that are aimed at reducing the carbon footprint, targeting expenditures toward energy efficiency improvements and maintaining a safety record above the industry average. The Company s performance against these sustainability measures could impact the margin by five basis points. At the time of closing, after 94.6 million was drawn on the new revolver, our overall undrawn revolver capacity increased by 148 million to 559.4 million. As of September 30, 2024, the undrawn revolver capacity under this facility was 392.6 million. By entering into the 500 Million Revolving Credit Facility we have (i) eliminated 19.5 million in mandatory quarterly debt repayments since the balance drawn on closing is not required to be repaid until Maturity, (ii) reduced cash break evens by over 3,000 per day, (iii) extended the maturity profile of the facility from 2027 to 2030, and (iv) reduced future interest expense through a margin reduction of over 85 basis points. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has contractual commitments for the construction of six dual-fuel ready LR1s, and the purchase and installation of one ballast water treatment system and seven mewis ducts, the final outstanding installment payments due for three ballast water treatment systems that were installed prior to September 30, 2024, and purchase and installation of various performance efficiency devices for the fleet. The Company s debt service commitments and aggregate purchase commitments for vessel construction and betterments as of September 30, 2024, are presented in the Aggregate Contractual Obligations Table below. Outlook Our strong balance sheet, as evidenced by a substantial level of liquidity, 34 unencumbered vessels (excluding the six LR1s under construction) as of September 30, 2024, and diversified financing sources with debt maturities spread out between 2030 and 2031, positions us to support our operations over the next twelve months as we continue to advance our vessel employment strategy, which seeks to achieve an optimal mix of spot (voyage charter) and long-term (time charter) charters. Our balance sheet strength and balanced fleet position us to continue pursuing our disciplined capital allocation strategy of fleet renewal, incremental debt reduction and returns to shareholders and pursue potential strategic opportunities that may arise within the diverse sectors in which we operate. 

 41 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 Aggregate Contractual Obligations A summary of the Company s long-term contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024 follows: Beyond (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2028 Total 500 Million Revolving Credit Facility (1) 1,635 6,315 6,570 8,000 7,743 103,135 133,398 160 Million Revolving Credit Facility (2) 258 986 898 811 730 161 3,844 Ocean Yield Lease Financing - floating rate (3) 13,374 53,160 52,535 49,860 47,151 201,053 417,133 BoComm Lease Financing - fixed rate (4) 5,989 23,761 23,761 23,762 23,827 166,034 267,134 Toshin Lease Financing - fixed rate (4) 549 2,160 2,160 2,151 2,223 6,934 16,177 Hyuga Lease Financing - fixed rate (4) 566 2,232 2,232 2,232 2,160 6,416 15,838 Kaiyo Lease Financing - fixed rate (4) 562 2,250 2,410 2,214 2,214 4,341 13,991 Kaisha Lease Financing - fixed rate (4) 562 2,438 2,225 2,214 2,214 4,501 14,154 Operating lease obligations (5) Time Charter-ins 6,414 18,618 2,563 27,595 Office and other space 318 1,093 1,113 1,077 1,077 4,754 9,432 Vessel and vessel betterment commitments (6) 13,779 138,103 188,480 340,362 Total 44,006 251,116 284,947 92,321 89,339 497,329 1,259,058 

 (1) Amounts shown include unused revolver capacity commitment fees and contractual interest obligations of floating rate debt estimated based on the applicable margin for the 500 Million Revolving Credit Facility of 1.85 , plus the fixed rate stated in the related interest rate swaps of 2.84 . (2) Amounts shown include unused revolver capacity commitment fees and contractual interest obligations, if any, of floating rate debt estimated based on the applicable margin for the 160 Million Revolving Credit Facility of 1.975 . (3) Amounts shown include contractual interest obligations on 290.0 million of outstanding floating rate debt estimated based on the applicable margin for the Ocean Yield Lease Financing of 4.05 plus 0.26 of credit adjustment spread and the fixed rate stated in the interest rate swaps (assigned for accounting purposes) of 2.84 on 161.0 million of notional principal amount outstanding and the effective three-month SOFR rate as of September 30, 2024 of 5.24 for the remaining outstanding principal under the Ocean Yield Lease Financing. (4) Amounts shown include contractual implicit interest obligations of the lease financing under the bareboat charters. (5) As of September 30, 2024, the Company had charter-in commitments for two vessels on leases that are accounted for as operating leases. The full amounts due under office and other space leases are discounted and reflected on the Company s consolidated condensed balance sheet as lease liabilities with corresponding right of use asset balances. (6) Represents the Company s commitments for the purchase and installation of one ballast water treatment systems and seven mewis duct systems, the final outstanding installment payments due for three ballast water treatment systems that were installed prior to September 30, 2024, and the purchase and installation of various performance efficiency devices for the fleet, and the remaining commitments for the construction of six dual-fuel ready LR1s . Risk Management: The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, which could impact its results of operations and financial condition. The Company manages this exposure to market risk through its regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. To manage its interest rate risk exposure associated with changes in variable interest rate payments due on its credit facilities in a cost-effective manner, the Company, from time-to-time, enters into interest rate swap, collar or cap agreements, in which it agrees to exchange various combinations of fixed and variable 

 42 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 interest rates based on agreed upon notional amounts or to receive payments if floating interest rates rise above a specified cap rate. The Company uses such derivative financial instruments as risk management tools and not for speculative or trading purposes. In addition, derivative financial instruments are entered into with a diversified group of major financial institutions in order to manage exposure to nonperformance on such instruments by the counterparties. Available Information The Company makes available free of charge through its internet website, www.intlseas.com, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. The public may also read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E. Washington D.C. 20549 (information on the operation of the Public Reference Room is available by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330). The SEC also maintains a web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at https://www.sec.gov. The Company also makes available on its website, its corporate governance guidelines, its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, insider trading policy, anti-bribery and corruption policy, incentive compensation recoupment policy, and charters of the Audit Committee, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee and the Corporate Governance and Risk Assessment Committee of the Board of Directors. The Company is required to disclose any amendment to a provision of its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Company intends to use its website as a method of disseminating this disclosure, as permitted by applicable SEC rules. Any such disclosure will be posted to the Company website within four business days following the date of any such amendment. Neither our website nor the information contained on that site, or connected to that site, is incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

 43 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the CEO and CFO, concluded that the Company s current disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings See Note 16, Contingencies, to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of the current legal proceedings, which is incorporated by reference in this Part II, Item 1. Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K. The risks described in that document are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The following table summarizes the activity related to repurchases of our equity securities during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 

Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price paid per Share Total Cost in Millions Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program in Millions July 2024 - - - - 50.0 August 2024 - - - - 50.0 September 2024 501,646 49.81 25.0 501,646 25.0 As of September 30, 2024, the maximum number of shares that may still be purchased under the program is 485,165 shares, which was determined by dividing the remaining buyback authorization by the September 30, 2024 closing price of the Company s common stock. Future buybacks under the stock repurchase program will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and subject to limitations under the Company s debt facilities. 

 44 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 See Note 10, Capital Stock and Stock Compensation, to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information about the stock repurchase plan and a description of shares withheld to cover the cost of stock options exercised by certain members of management and tax withholding liabilities relating to the vesting of previously-granted equity awards to certain members of management, which is incorporated by reference in this Part II, Item 2. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies During the third quarter of 2024, none of our directors or executive officers Rule 10b5-1 trading plans and none of our directors or executive officers a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). Item 6. Exhibits 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended. 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. EX-101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document EX-101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema EX-101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase EX-101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase EX-101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase EX-101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase EX-104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) (1) The Exhibits which have not previously been filed or listed are marked with an asterisk ).

45 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

INTERNATIONAL SEAWAYS, INC. (Registrant) Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Lois K. Zabrocky Lois K. Zabrocky Chief Executive Officer Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Jeffrey D. Pribor Jeffrey D. Pribor Chief Financial Officer 

 46 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 insw-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS AMENDED I, Lois K. Zabrocky, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of International Seaways, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Lois K. Zabrocky Lois K. Zabrocky Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 insw-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS AMENDED I, Jeffrey D. Pribor, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of International Seaways, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Jeffrey D. Pribor Jeffrey D. Pribor Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 insw-20240930xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 0F 2002 Each of the undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of International Seaways, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies, to the best of her/his knowledge and belief, that the Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Periodic Report accompanying this certification fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This certification is provided solely for purposes of complying with the provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and is not intended to be used for any other purpose. Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Lois K. Zabrocky Lois K. Zabrocky Chief Executive Officer Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Jeffrey D. Pribor Jeffrey D. Pribor Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 insw-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 insw-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 insw-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 insw-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 insw-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

