<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_913144_0000913144-24-000125.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16585146</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>268672</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1916156</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8184033</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2882742</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2847056</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000913144-24-000125.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107163334
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000913144-24-000125
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RENAISSANCERE HOLDINGS LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000913144
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				980138020
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14428
		FILM NUMBER:		241436415

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		RENAISSANCE HOUSE
		STREET 2:		12 CROW LANE
		CITY:			PEMBROKE
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM19
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4412954513

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		RENAISSANCE HOUSE
		STREET 2:		12 CROW LANE
		CITY:			PEMBROKE
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM19

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000913144-24-000125.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 rnr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

rnr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 . 
 (Exact Name Of Registrant As Specified In Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 , Accelerated filer , Non-accelerated filer , Smaller reporting company , Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of Common Shares, par value U.S. 1.00 per share, outstanding at November 4, 2024 was . 

RENAISSANCERE HOLDINGS LTD. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
 3 
 NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 5 
 PART I 
 ITEM 1. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 7 
 ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 58 
 ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 106 
 ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 106 
 PART II 
 ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 107 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 107 
 ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 107 
 ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 108 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 108 
 ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 108 
 ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 
 109 
 SIGNATURES 
 110 

2 

GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
 In this Form 10-Q, references to RenaissanceRe refer to RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (the parent company) and references to we, us, our and the Company refer to RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. together with its subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. 
 2023 Large Loss Events 
 includes: (1) the wildfires in Hawaii in August 2023 and Hurricane Idalia; (2) a series of large, severe weather events in Texas and other Southern and Central U.S. states in June 2023; (3) the earthquakes in Southern and Central Turkey in February 2023, Cyclone Gabrielle, the flooding in northern New Zealand in January and February 2023, and various wind and thunderstorm events in both the Southern and Midwest U.S. during March 2023 and (4) certain aggregate loss contracts triggered during 2023. 
 2024 Large Loss Events Hurricane Helene and the Other 2024 Large Loss Events 
 AIG American International Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation and NYSE-listed company (together with its affiliates and subsidiaries) ASC Accounting Standards Codification AlphaCat Managers 
 AlphaCat Managers Ltd. 
 A.M. Best 
 A.M. Best Company, Inc. 
 Baltimore Bridge Collapse 
 the collapse of the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore following a collision with a cargo ship in March 2024 
 DaVinci 
 DaVinciRe Holdings Ltd. and its subsidiaries 
 DaVinci Reinsurance 
 DaVinci Reinsurance Ltd. 
 ERM 
 enterprise risk management 
 Exchange Act 
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 FAL 
 a deposit that must be submitted to support the underwriting capacity of a member of Lloyd s 
 FASB 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 FCR 
 financial condition report 
 Fitch 
 Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
 Fontana Fontana Holdings L.P. and its subsidiaries Form 10-K 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Form 10-Q this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 
 IRS 
 United States Internal Revenue Service 
 Medici 
 RenaissanceRe Medici Fund Ltd. 
 Moody s 
 Moody s Investors Service 
 NYSE 
 New York Stock Exchange 
 OECD 
 Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
 Other 2024 Large Loss Events 
 the Baltimore Bridge Collapse, a series of severe convective storms impacting the Southern and Midwest United States, the Hualien earthquake which impacted Taiwan in April 2024, a severe hailstorm which impacted Calgary in August 2024, Hurricane Debby, Hurricane Beryl, and certain aggregate loss contracts triggered during 2024 
 Other Q3 2024 Large Loss Events 
 a severe hailstorm which impacted Calgary in August 2024, Hurricane Debby, and Hurricane Beryl 
 Q3 2024 Large Loss Events 
 Hurricane Helene and the Other Q3 2024 Large Loss Events 
 Renaissance Reinsurance 
 Renaissance Reinsurance Ltd. 
 Renaissance Reinsurance of Europe Renaissance Reinsurance of Europe Unlimited Company Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. Inc. RenaissanceRe 
 RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. 
 
 3 

RenaissanceRe Finance RenaissanceRe Finance Inc. RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S. 
 RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S. Ltd. 
 RREAG RenaissanceRe Europe AG S P 
 Standard and Poor s Rating Services 
 SEC 
 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Securities Act 
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
 Stock Purchase Agreement Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 22, 2023, among RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. and AIG, as amended Syndicate 1458 
 RenaissanceRe Syndicate 1458 
 Top Layer 
 Top Layer Reinsurance Ltd. 
 Tower Hill Companies 
 collectively, our investments in a group of Tower Hill affiliated companies including Bluegrass Insurance Management, LLC, Tower Hill Claims Service, LLC, Tower Hill Holdings, Inc., Tower Hill Insurance Group, LLC, Tower Hill Insurance Managers, LLC, Tower Hill Re Holdings, Inc., Tower Hill Risk Management LLC and Tomoka Re Holdings, Inc. 
 TWFG 
 TWFG, Inc. and its subsidiaries 
 U.K. 
 United Kingdom 
 U.S. 
 United States of America 
 Upsilon Diversified RenaissanceRe Upsilon Diversified Fund, a segregated account of Upsilon Fund 
 Upsilon Fund 
 RenaissanceRe Upsilon Fund Ltd. 
 Upsilon RFO 
 Upsilon RFO Re Ltd. 
 Validus Validus Holdings, Validus Specialty, and their respective subsidiaries that were acquired in the Validus Acquisition (including Validus Re and Validus Holdings (UK) Ltd), collectively 
 Validus Acquisition The acquisitions under the Stock Purchase Agreement, together with the other transactions contemplated in the Stock Purchase Agreement 
 Validus Business the collective business of Validus Validus Holdings Validus Holdings, Ltd. Validus Re Validus Reinsurance, Ltd. Validus Specialty Validus Specialty, LLC Validus Switzerland Validus Reinsurance (Switzerland) Ltd Vermeer 
 Vermeer Reinsurance Ltd. 
 
 4 

NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements are necessarily based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, us. In particular, statements using words such as may, should, estimate, expect, anticipate, intend, believe, predict, potential, or words of similar import generally involve forward-looking statements. For example, we may include certain forward-looking statements in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations with regard to trends in results, prices, volumes, operations, investment results, margins, combined ratios, fees, reserves, market conditions, risk management and exchange rates; the impact of the Validus Acquisition on our business; the consequences of our strategic decisions; the performance of our underwriting portfolio, Capital Partners unit, and investment portfolio; and the impact of general economic conditions such as changes in inflation and interest rates on our results of operations. This Form 10-Q also contains forward-looking statements with respect to our business and industry, such as those relating to our strategy and management objectives, plans and expectations regarding our response and ability to adapt to changing economic conditions, market standing and product volumes, competition and new entrants in our industry, industry capital, insured losses from loss events, government initiatives and regulatory matters affecting the (re)insurance industries, and our integration of, and realization of benefits from, the Validus Acquisition. 
 The inclusion of forward-looking statements in this report should not be considered as a representation by us or any other person that our current objectives or plans will be achieved. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those addressed by the forward-looking statements, including the following: 
 our exposure to natural and non-natural catastrophic events and circumstances and the variance they may cause in our financial results; 
 the effect of climate change on our business, including the trend towards increasingly frequent and severe climate events; 
 the effectiveness of our claims and claim expense reserving process; 
 the effect of emerging claims and coverage issues; 
 the performance of our investment portfolio and financial market volatility; 
 the effects of inflation; 
 the ability of our ceding companies and delegated authority counterparties to accurately assess the risks they underwrite; 
 our ability to maintain our financial strength ratings; 
 our reliance on a small number of brokers; 
 the highly competitive nature of our industry; 
 the historically cyclical nature of the (re)insurance industries; 
 collection on claimed retrocessional coverage, and new retrocessional reinsurance being available on acceptable terms or at all; 
 our ability to attract and retain key executives and employees; 
 our ability to successfully implement our business, strategies and initiatives; 
 our exposure to credit loss from counterparties; 
 our need to make many estimates and judgments in the preparation of our financial statements; 
 our exposure to risks associated with our management of capital on behalf of investors in joint ventures or other entities we manage; 
 changes to the accounting rules and regulatory systems applicable to our business, including changes in Bermuda and U.S. laws or regulations; 
 the effect of current or future macroeconomic or geopolitical events or trends, including the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, and in the Middle East; 
 other political, regulatory or industry initiatives adversely impacting us; 
 our ability to comply with covenants in our debt agreements; 
 the effect of adverse economic factors, including changes in the prevailing interest rates; 
 the impact of cybersecurity risks, including technology breaches or failure; 
 5 

a contention by the IRS that any of our Bermuda subsidiaries are subject to taxation in the U.S.; 
 the effects of new or possible future tax reform legislation and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including recent changes in Bermuda tax law; 
 our ability to determine any impairments taken on our investments; 
 our ability to raise capital on acceptable terms, including through debt instruments, the capital markets, and third-party investments in our joint ventures and managed fund partners; 
 our ability to comply with applicable sanctions and foreign corrupt practices laws; and 
 our dependence on capital distributions from our operating subsidiaries. 
 As a consequence, our future financial condition and results may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us. The factors listed above, which are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024, and Item 1A of this Form 10-Q, should not be construed as exhaustive. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to revise or update forward-looking statements to reflect new information, events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
 6 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended Sep tember 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 11 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 12 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 13 
 Note 1. Organization 
 13 
 Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies 
 13 
 Note 3. Investments 
 14 
 Note 4. Fair Value Measurements 
 17 
 Note 5. Reinsurance 
 28 
 Note 6. Reserve for Claims and Claim Expenses 
 30 
 Note 7. Debt and Credit Facilities 
 34 
 Note 8. Noncontrolling Interests 
 35 
 Note 9. Variable Interest Entities 
 39 
 Note 10. Shareholders Equity 
 44 
 Note 11. Earnings per Share 
 45 
 Note 12. Segment Reporting 
 46 
 Note 13. Derivative Instruments 
 49 
 Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies and Other Items 
 56 
 Note 15. Subsequent Events 
 57 
 
 7 

RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands of United States Dollars, except share and per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets (Unaudited) (Audited) Fixed maturity investments trading, at fair value amortized cost at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 
 Short term investments, at fair value amortized cost at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 
 Equity investments, at fair value Other investments, at fair value Investments in other ventures, under equity method Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Premiums receivable Prepaid reinsurance premiums Reinsurance recoverable Accrued investment income Deferred acquisition costs and value of business acquired 
 Deferred tax asset 
 Receivable for investments sold Other assets Goodwill and other intangible assets Total assets Liabilities, Noncontrolling Interests and Shareholders Equity Liabilities Reserve for claims and claim expenses Unearned premiums Debt Reinsurance balances payable Payable for investments purchased Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders Equity Preference shares: par value shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 
 Common shares: par value shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Retained earnings Total shareholders equity attributable to RenaissanceRe Total liabilities, noncontrolling interests and shareholders equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 8 

RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (in thousands of United States Dollars, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Revenues Gross premiums written Net premiums written Decrease (increase) in unearned premiums ) ) Net premiums earned Net investment income Net foreign exchange gains (losses) ) ) ) Equity in earnings (losses) of other ventures Other income (loss) ) ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) Total revenues Expenses Net claims and claim expenses incurred Acquisition expenses Operational expenses Corporate expenses Interest expense Total expenses Income (loss) before taxes Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to RenaissanceRe Dividends on preference shares ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders Net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders per common share basic Net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders per common share diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 9 

RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (in thousands of United States Dollars) (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Comprehensive income (loss) Net income (loss) Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to RenaissanceRe 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 10 

RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (in thousands of United States Dollars) (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Preference shares Beginning balance Ending balance Common shares Beginning balance Issuance of shares 
 Repurchase of shares 
 ) ) Issuance of restricted stock awards 
 ) ) Ending balance Additional paid-in capital Beginning balance Issuance of shares 
 Repurchase of shares 
 ) ) Change in redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock awards 
 Ending balance Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Beginning balance ) ) ) ) Change in net unrealized gains (loss) on investments, net of tax ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax 
 ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) Retained earnings Beginning balance Net income (loss) Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Dividends on common shares 
 ) ) ) ) Dividends on preference shares 
 ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 Total shareholders equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 11 

RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (in thousands of United States Dollars) (Unaudited) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Amortization, accretion and depreciation ) Equity in undistributed (earnings) losses of other ventures ) Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses on investments ) Change in: Premiums receivable ) ) Prepaid reinsurance premiums ) ) Reinsurance recoverable Deferred acquisition costs and value of business acquired 
 ) Reserve for claims and claim expenses Unearned premiums Reinsurance balances payable ) ) Other ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities Proceeds from sales and maturities of fixed maturity investments trading Purchases of fixed maturity investments trading ) ) Proceeds from sales of equity investments 
 Purchases of equity investments 
 ) ) Proceeds from sales of short term investments 
 Purchases of short term investments 
 ) ) Proceeds from sales of other investments 
 Purchases of other investments 
 ) ) Purchases of investments in other ventures 
 ) ) Return of investment from investment in other ventures Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities Dividends paid RenaissanceRe common shares ) ) Dividends paid preference shares ) ) RenaissanceRe common share issuance, net of expenses RenaissanceRe common share repurchases ) Issuance of debt, net of expenses Repayment of Medici Revolving Credit Facility 
 ) ) Drawdown of Medici Revolving Credit Facility 
 Subscriptions of third-party redeemable noncontrolling interest shares 
 Redemptions of third-party redeemable noncontrolling interest shares 
 ) ) Taxes paid on withholding shares ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on foreign currency cash Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 12 

RENAISSANCERE HOLDINGS LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 September 30, 2024 
 (unless otherwise noted, amounts in tables expressed in thousands of United States U.S. dollars, 
 except shares, per share amounts and percentages) (Unaudited) 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 
 NOTE 2. 
 13 

NOTE 3. 
 Corporate (1) 
 Residential mortgage-backed Asset-backed Agencies Non-U.S. government Commercial mortgage-backed Total fixed maturity investments trading 
 (1) Corporate fixed maturity investments include non-U.S. government-backed corporate fixed maturity investments. 
 Due after one through five years 
 Due after five through ten years 
 Due after ten years 
 Mortgage-backed 
 Asset-backed Total 
 Equity Investments 
 Basic materials Industrial, utilities and energy Consumer Communications and technology Healthcare Total 
 14 

billion (December 31, 2023 - billion) of cash and investments at fair value were on deposit with, or in trust accounts for the benefit of, various counterparties, including with respect to the Company s letter of credit facilities. Of this amount, billion (December 31, 2023 - billion) is on deposit with, or in trust accounts for the benefit of, U.S. state regulatory authorities. 
 Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company held million (December 31, 2023 - million) of reverse repurchase agreements. These loans are fully collateralized, are generally outstanding for a short period of time and are presented on a gross basis as part of short term investments on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The required collateral for these loans typically includes high-quality, readily marketable instruments. Upon maturity, the Company receives principal and interest income. 
 Net Investment Income 
 Short term investments Equity investments Other investments Catastrophe bonds Other Cash and cash equivalents Investment expenses ) ) ) ) Net investment income 
 15 

) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity investments trading ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity investments trading ) ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investment-related derivatives (1) 
 ) Net realized gains (losses) on equity investments ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on equity investments Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity investments Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on other investments - catastrophe bonds Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on other investments - other ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) 
 (1) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investment-related derivatives includes fixed maturity investments related derivatives (interest rate futures and credit default swaps), equity investments related derivatives (equity futures) and commodity investments related derivatives (commodity futures and commodity options). See Note 13. Derivative Instruments for additional information. 
 16 

NOTE 4. 
 17 

Corporate (1) 
 Residential mortgage-backed Asset-backed Agencies Non-U.S. government Commercial mortgage-backed Total fixed maturity investments trading Short term investments Equity investments 
 Other investments Catastrophe bonds Direct private equity investments Term loans Fund investments (2) 
 Total other investments Other assets and (liabilities) Assumed and ceded (re)insurance contracts (3) 
 ) ) Derivative assets (4) 
 Derivative liabilities (4) 
 ) ) ) Total other assets and (liabilities) ) ) 
 
 (1) Corporate fixed maturity investments include non-U.S. government-backed corporate fixed maturity investments. 
 (2) Fund investments, which may include private equity funds, private credit funds, and hedge funds, are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value presented in this table is provided to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 (3) Included in assumed and ceded (re)insurance contracts at September 30, 2024 was million of other assets and million of other liabilities. 
 (4) Refer to Note 13. Derivative Instruments for additional information related to the fair value, by type of contract, of derivatives entered into by the Company. 
 
 18 

Corporate (1) 
 Asset-backed Residential mortgage-backed Agencies Non-U.S. government Commercial mortgage-backed Total fixed maturity investments trading Short term investments Equity investments Other investments Catastrophe bonds Term loans Direct private equity investments Fund investments (2) 
 Total other investments Other assets and (liabilities) Assumed and ceded (re)insurance contracts (3) 
 ) ) Derivative assets (4) 
 Derivative liabilities (4) 
 ) ) ) Total other assets and (liabilities) ) 
 (1) Corporate fixed maturity investments include non-U.S. government-backed corporate fixed maturity investments. 
 (2) Fund investments, which may include private equity funds, private credit funds and hedge funds, are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value presented in this table is provided to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 (3) Included in assumed and ceded (re)insurance contracts at December 31, 2023 was million of other assets and million of other liabilities. 
 (4) Refer to Note 13. Derivative Instruments for additional information related to the fair value, by type of contract, of derivatives entered into by the Company. 
 Level 1 and Level 2 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value 
 Fixed Maturity Investments 
 Fixed maturity investments included in Level 1 consist of the Company s investments in U.S. treasuries. Fixed maturity investments included in Level 2 are agencies, corporate (including non-U.S. government-backed corporate), non-U.S. government, residential mortgage-backed, commercial mortgage-backed and asset-backed. 
 The Company s fixed maturity investments are primarily priced using pricing services, such as index providers and pricing vendors, as well as broker quotations. In general, the pricing vendors provide pricing for a high volume of liquid securities that are actively traded. For securities that do not trade on an exchange, the pricing services generally utilize market data and other observable inputs in matrix pricing 
 19 

and a weighted average credit quality of AA (December 31, 2023 - and AA, respectively). When pricing these securities, the pricing services utilize daily data from many real time market sources, including active broker-dealers. Certain data sources are regularly reviewed for accuracy to attempt to ensure the most reliable price source is used for each issue and maturity date. 
 Corporate 
 Level 2 - At September 30, 2024, the Company s corporate fixed maturity investments principally consist of U.S. and international corporations and non-U.S. government-backed corporations and had a weighted average yield to maturity of and a weighted average credit quality of BBB (December 31, 2023 - and BBB, respectively). 
 The Company s corporate fixed maturity investments, other than non-U.S. government-backed corporations, are primarily priced by pricing services. When evaluating these securities, the pricing services gather information from market sources regarding the issuer of the security and obtain credit data, as well as other observations, from markets and sector news. Evaluations are updated by obtaining broker-dealer quotes and other market information, including actual trade volumes, when available. The pricing services also consider the specific terms and conditions of the securities, including any specific features which may influence risk. In certain instances, securities are individually evaluated using a spread which is added to the U.S. treasury curve or a security specific swap curve as appropriate. 
 Non-U.S. government-backed corporate fixed maturity investments are primarily priced by pricing services that employ proprietary discounted cash flow models to value the securities. Key quantitative inputs for these models are daily observed benchmark curves for treasury, swap and high-quality credits. The pricing services then apply a credit spread to the respective curve for each security which is developed by in-depth and real time market analysis. For securities in which trade volume is low, the pricing services utilize data from more frequently traded securities with similar attributes. These models may also be supplemented by daily market and credit research for international markets. 
 Agencies 
 Level 2 - At September 30, 2024, the Company s agency fixed maturity investments had a weighted average yield to maturity of and a weighted average credit quality of AA (December 31, 2023 - and AA, respectively). The issuers of the Company s agency fixed maturity investments primarily consist of the Federal National Mortgage Association, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and other agencies. Fixed maturity investments included in agencies are primarily priced by pricing services. When evaluating these securities, the pricing services gather information from market sources and integrate other 
 20 

and a weighted average credit quality of AA (December 31, 2023 - and AA, respectively). The issuers of securities in this sector are non-U.S. governments and their respective agencies as well as provincial governments and supranational organizations. Securities held in these sectors are primarily priced by pricing services that employ proprietary discounted cash flow models to value the securities. Key quantitative inputs for these models are daily observed benchmark curves for treasury, swap and high issuance credits. The pricing services then apply a credit spread for each security which is developed by in-depth and real time market analysis. For securities in which trade volume is low, the pricing services utilize data from more frequently traded securities with similar attributes. These models may also be supplemented by daily market and credit research for international markets. 
 Residential Mortgage-backed 
 Level 2 - At September 30, 2024, the Company s residential mortgage-backed fixed maturity investments had a weighted average yield to maturity of , a weighted average credit quality of AA, and a weighted average life of years (December 31, 2023 - , AA and years, respectively). Residential mortgage-backed securities include both agency and non-agency mortgage-backed securities. The Company s agency mortgage-backed fixed maturity investments are primarily priced by pricing services using a mortgage pool specific model which utilizes daily inputs from the active to-be-announced market, which is very liquid, as well as the U.S. treasury market. The model also utilizes additional information, such as the weighted average maturity, weighted average coupon and other available pool level data which is provided by the sponsoring agency. Valuations are also corroborated with active market quotes. 
 Non-agency mortgage-based securities are primarily priced by pricing services using an option adjusted spread model or other relevant models, which principally utilize inputs including benchmark yields, available trade information or broker quotes, and issuer spreads. The pricing services also review collateral prepayment speeds, loss severity and delinquencies among other collateral performance indicators for the securities valuation, when applicable. 
 Commercial Mortgage-backed 
 Level 2 - At September 30, 2024, the Company s commercial mortgage-backed fixed maturity investments had a weighted average yield to maturity of , a weighted average credit quality of AAA, and a weighted average life of years (December 31, 2023 - , AAA and years, respectively). Securities held in these sectors are primarily priced by pricing services. The pricing services apply dealer quotes and other available trade information such as bids and offers, prepayment speeds which may be adjusted for the underlying collateral or current price data, the U.S. treasury curve and swap curve as well as cash settlement. The pricing services discount the expected cash flows for each security held in this sector using a spread adjusted benchmark yield based on the characteristics of the security. 
 Asset-backed 
 Level 2 - At September 30, 2024, the Company s asset-backed fixed maturity investments had a weighted average yield to maturity of , a weighted average credit quality of AA and a weighted average life of years (December 31, 2023 - , AA and years, respectively). The underlying collateral for the Company s asset-backed fixed maturity investments primarily consists of collateralized loan obligations and other receivables. Securities held in these sectors are primarily priced by pricing services. The pricing services apply dealer quotes and other available trade information such as bids and offers, prepayment speeds which may be adjusted for the underlying collateral or current price data, the U.S. treasury curve and swap curve as well as cash settlement. The pricing services determine the expected cash flows for each security held in this sector using historical prepayment and default projections for the underlying 
 21 

and a weighted average credit quality of AA (December 31, 2023 - and AAA). When pricing these securities, the pricing services utilize daily data from many real time market sources, including active broker-dealers. Certain data sources are regularly reviewed for accuracy to attempt to ensure the most reliable price source is used for each issue and maturity date. 
 Level 2 - At September 30, 2024, the Company s other short term investments had a weighted average yield to maturity of and a weighted average credit quality of AAA (December 31, 2023 - and AAA, respectively). Amortized cost approximates fair value for the majority of the remainder of the Company s short term investments portfolio and, in certain cases, fair value is determined in a manner similar to the Company s fixed maturity investments noted above. 
 Equity Investments 
 Level 1 - The fair value of the Company s portfolio of equity investments are primarily priced by pricing services, reflecting the closing price quoted for the final trading day of the period. When pricing these securities, the pricing services utilize daily data from many real time market sources, including applicable securities exchanges. All data sources are regularly reviewed for accuracy to attempt to ensure the most reliable price source was used for each security. 
 Other Investments 
 Catastrophe Bonds 
 Level 2 - The Company s other investments include investments in catastrophe bonds which are recorded at fair value based on broker or underwriter bid indications. 
 Direct Private Equity Investments 
 Level 2 - At September 30, 2024, the Company s other investments included million (December 31, 2023 - 22 

Internal valuation model Discount rate Liquidity discount Term loans Discounted cash flow Credit spread adjustment Risk premium Total other investments Other assets and (liabilities) 
 Assumed and ceded (re)insurance contracts ) Internal valuation model Net undiscounted cash flows Expected loss ratio Discount rate Total other assets and (liabilities) 
 ) Total assets and (liabilities) measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs 
 At December 31, 2023 
 Fair Value (Level 3) Valuation Technique Unobservable Inputs Weighted Average or Actual Other investments 
 Direct private equity investments Internal valuation model Discount rate Liquidity discount Term loans Discounted cash flow Credit spread adjustment 
 Risk premium Total other investments Other assets and (liabilities) 
 Assumed and ceded (re)insurance contracts 
 ) Internal valuation model Net undiscounted cash flows Expected loss ratio Discount rate Total other assets and (liabilities) 
 ) Total assets and (liabilities) measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs 
 23 

) Included in net investment income Included in net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments Included in other income (loss) Total foreign exchange gains (losses) Purchases Sales ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Balance - September 30, 2024 ) Other investments 
 Direct Private Equity Investments 
 Term Loans 
 Other Assets and (Liabilities) Total Balance - January 1, 2024 ) Included in net investment income Included in net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments 
 ) ) Included in other income (loss) Total foreign exchange gains (losses) Purchases Sales 
 ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Balance - September 30, 2024 ) 
 24 

) Included in net investment income Included in net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) Included in other income (loss) ) ) Total foreign exchange gains (losses) ) ) Purchases Settlements ) ) Balance - September 30, 2023 ) Other investments 
 Direct Private Equity Investments 
 Term Loans 
 Other Assets and (Liabilities) Total Balance - January 1, 2023 ) Included in net investment income Included in net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments 
 Included in other income (loss) ) ) Total foreign exchange losses ) ) Purchases Settlements ) ) Balance - September 30, 2023 ) 
 Other Investments 
 Direct Private Equity Investments 
 Level 3 - At September 30, 2024, the Company s other investments included million (December 31, 2023 - million) of direct private equity investments which are recorded at fair value, with the fair value obtained through the use of internal valuation models. The Company measured the fair value of these investments using multiples of net tangible book value of the underlying entities. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of these investments are liquidity discount rates applied to each of the net tangible book value multiples used in the internal valuation models, and discount rates applied to the expected cash flows of the underlying entities in various scenarios. These unobservable inputs in isolation can cause significant increases or decreases in fair value. Generally, an increase in the liquidity discount rate or discount rates would result in a decrease in the fair value of these private equity investments. 
 Term Loans 
 Level 3 - At September 30, 2024, the Company s other investments included a million (December 31, 2023 - million) investment in a term loan which is recorded at fair value, with the fair value obtained through the use of a discounted cash flow model. The significant unobservable inputs used in the discounted cash flow model are the cash flow projection of the associated term loan, and the discount rate. The discount rate used is based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), which is then adjusted for credit risk and a risk premium. These adjustments may be impacted by market movements implied by transactions of similar or related assets, loan-to-value, tenor, liquidity, credit risk adjustment or other risk factors. Assumptions used in the valuation process may significantly impact the resulting fair value . 
 25 

million net liability (December 31, 2023 - million net liability) related to assumed and ceded (re)insurance contracts accounted for at fair value, with the fair value obtained through the use of an internal valuation model. The inputs to the internal valuation model are principally based on proprietary data as observable market inputs are generally not available. The most significant unobservable inputs include the assumed and ceded expected net cash flows related to the contracts, including the expected premium, acquisition expenses and losses; the expected loss ratio and the relevant discount rate used to present value the net cash flows. The contract period and acquisition expense ratio are considered an observable input as each is defined in the contract. Generally, an increase in the net expected cash flows and expected term of the contract and a decrease in the discount rate, expected loss ratio or acquisition expense ratio, would result in an increase in the expected profit and ultimate fair value of these assumed and ceded (re)insurance contracts. 
 Financial Instruments Disclosed, But Not Carried, at Fair Value 
 The Company uses various financial instruments in the normal course of its business. The Company s (re)insurance contracts are excluded from the fair value of financial instruments accounting guidance, unless the Company elects the fair value option, and therefore, are not included in the amounts discussed herein. The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accrued investment income, receivables for investments sold, certain other assets, payables for investments purchased, certain other liabilities, and other financial instruments not included herein approximated their fair values. 
 Debt 
 Included on the Company s consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2024 were debt obligations of billion (December 31, 2023 - billion). At September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Company s debt obligations was billion (December 31, 2023 billion). 
 The fair value of the Company s debt obligations is determined using indicative market pricing obtained from third-party service providers, which the Company considers Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. There have been no changes during the period in the Company s valuation technique used to determine the fair value of the Company s debt obligations. Refer to Note 7. Debt and Credit Facilities for additional information related to the Company s debt obligations. 
 The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 
 The Company has elected to account for certain financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value using the guidance under FASB ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments, as the Company believes it represents the most meaningful measurement basis for these assets and liabilities. 
 Other assets Other liabilities 
 The change in fair value of other investments resulted in net unrealized gains on investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 of million and million, respectively (September 30, 2023 net unrealized gains of million and million, respectively). 
 26 

See below See below See below Private equity funds See below See below See below Hedge funds 
 See below See below See below Total other investments measured using net asset valuations 
 
 At December 31, 2023 
 Fair Value Unfunded Commitments Redemption Frequency Redemption Notice Period (Minimum Days) Redemption Notice Period (Maximum Days) Private credit funds See below See below See below Private equity funds See below See below See below Total other investments measured using net asset valuations 
 
 Private Credit Funds 
 The Company s investments in private credit funds include limited partnership or similar interests that invest in certain private credit asset classes, including U.S. direct lending funds, secondaries, mezzanine investments, distressed securities and senior secured bank loan funds. The Company generally has no right to redeem its interest in any of these private credit funds in advance of dissolution of the applicable limited partnerships. Instead, distributions are received by the Company in connection with the liquidation or maturity of the underlying private credit assets of the fund. It is estimated that the majority of the underlying assets of the limited partnerships would liquidate over to years from inception of the limited partnership. 
 Private Equity Funds 
 The Company s investments in private equity funds include limited partnership or similar interests that invest in certain private equity asset classes including U.S. and global leveraged buyouts. The Company generally has no right to redeem its interest in any of these private equity funds in advance of dissolution of the applicable limited partnerships. Instead, distributions are received by the Company in connection with the exit from the underlying private equity investments of the fund. It is estimated that the majority of the underlying assets of the limited partnerships would liquidate over to years from inception of the limited partnership. 
 Hedge Funds 
 The Company s investments in hedge funds are primarily focused on global multi-strategy opportunities. These investments are generally redeemable at the option of the Company, at less than a month s notice. Certain restrictions on redemptions, including initial lock-up periods or redemption gates, may also apply to the Company, as defined by each fund s governing documents. Redemption gates allow the investment manager of a fund to defer part or all of a redemption request so as to not negatively impact the value of the redemption or the value of any interests that remain in the fund. 
 27 

At December 31, 2023 Other investments 
 
 NOTE 5. 
 Assumed Ceded ) ) ) ) Net premiums written Premiums Earned Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) ) Net premiums earned Claims and Claim Expenses Gross claims and claim expenses incurred Claims and claim expenses recovered ) ) ) Net claims and claim expenses incurred 
 In assessing an allowance for reinsurance assets, which includes premiums receivable and reinsurance recoverable, the Company considers historical information, financial strength of reinsurers, collateralization amounts, and counterparty credit ratings to determine the appropriateness of the allowance. In assessing 
 28 

billion (December 31, 2023 - billion). Of the Company s premiums receivable balance as of September 30, 2024, the majority are receivable from highly rated counterparties. The provision for current expected credit losses on the Company s premiums receivable was million at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - million). 
 Provision for (release of) allowance ) ) Ending balance 
 Reinsurance recoverable reflects amounts due from reinsurers based on the claim liabilities associated with the reinsurance policy. The Company accrues amounts that are due from reinsurers based on estimated ultimate losses applicable to the contracts. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company s reinsurance recoverable balance was billion (December 31, 2023 - billion). Of the Company s reinsurance recoverable balance at September 30, 2024, is fully collateralized by our reinsurers, is recoverable from reinsurers rated A- or higher by major rating agencies and is recoverable from reinsurers rated lower than A- by major rating agencies (December 31, 2023 - , and , respectively). The reinsurers with the three largest balances accounted for , and , respectively, of the Company s reinsurance recoverable balance at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - , and , respectively). The provision for current expected credit losses was million at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - million). The three largest company-specific components of the provision for current expected credit losses represented , and , respectively, of the Company s total provision for current expected credit losses at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - , and , respectively). 
 Provision for (release of) allowance ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 29 

NOTE 6. 
 Casualty and Specialty Total 
 At December 31, 2023 Property (1) 
 Casualty and Specialty (1) 
 Total 
 
 (1) The previously reported amount has been adjusted to reclassify certain reserves from IBNR to additional case reserves. 
 30 

Net incurred related to: Current year Prior years ) ) Total net incurred Net paid related to: Current year Prior years Total net paid Foreign exchange and other (1) 
 ) Reserve for claims and claim expenses, net of reinsurance recoverable, as of end of period Reinsurance recoverable as of end of period Reserve for claims and claim expenses as of end of period 
 (1) Reflects the impact of the foreign exchange revaluation of the reserve for claims and claim expenses, net of reinsurance recoverable, denominated in non-U.S. dollars as at the balance sheet date, as well as deals accounted for under retroactive reinsurance accounting. 
 Prior Year Development of the Reserve for Net Claims and Claim Expenses 
 The Company s estimates of claims and claim expense reserves are not precise in that, among other things, they are based on predictions of future developments and estimates of future trends and other variable factors. Some, but not all, of the Company s reserves are further subject to the uncertainty inherent in actuarial methodologies and estimates. Because a reserve estimate is simply an insurer s estimate at a point in time of its ultimate liability, and because there are numerous factors that affect reserves and claims payments that cannot be determined with certainty in advance, the Company s ultimate payments will vary, perhaps materially, from its estimates of reserves. If the Company determines in a subsequent period that adjustments to its previously established reserves are appropriate, such adjustments are recorded in the period in which they are identified. On a net basis, the Company s cumulative favorable or unfavorable development is generally reduced by offsetting changes in its reinsurance recoverable, as well as changes to loss related premiums such as reinstatement premiums and redeemable noncontrolling interest, all of which generally move in the opposite direction to changes in the Company s ultimate claims and claim expenses.) ) Casualty and Specialty ) ) Total net (favorable) adverse development of prior accident years net claims and claim expenses ) ) 
 Changes to prior year estimated net claims and claim expenses increased net income by million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (2023 - million), excluding the consideration of changes in reinstatement, adjustment or other premium changes, profit commissions, redeemable noncontrolling interests - DaVinci, Fontana and Vermeer and income tax. 
 31 

2022 Weather-Related Large Losses (2) 
 ) 2021 Weather-Related Large Losses (3) 
 ) 2020 Weather-Related Large Loss Events (4) 
 ) 2019 Large Loss Events (5) 
 ) 2018 Large Loss Events (6) 
 ) 2017 Large Loss Events (7) 
 ) Total large catastrophe events ) Small catastrophe events and attritional loss movements Other small catastrophe events and attritional loss movements ) Actuarial assumption changes Total small catastrophe events and attritional loss movements ) Total net (favorable) adverse development of prior accident years net claims and claim expenses ) 
 (1) 2023 Large Loss Events includes earthquakes in Southern and Central Turkey, Cyclone Gabrielle, flooding in northern New Zealand, various wind and thunderstorm events in both the Southern and Midwest U.S, severe weather events in Texas and other Southern and Central U.S. states, wildfires in Hawaii, Hurricanes Idalia and Otis, Storm Ciaran, and certain aggregate loss contracts triggered during 2023. 
 (2) 2022 Weather-Related Large Losses includes Hurricanes Ian, Fiona and Nicole, floods in Eastern Australia, Storm Eunice, severe weather in France, typhoons in Asia, Winter Storm Elliott, and loss estimates associated with certain aggregate loss contracts. 
 (3) 2021 Weather-Related Large Losses includes Winter Storm Uri, European Floods, Hurricane Ida, hail storm in Europe, wildfires in California, tornadoes in the Central and Midwest U.S., the Midwest Derecho, and losses associated with aggregate loss contracts. 
 (4) 2020 Weather-Related Large Loss Events includes Hurricanes Laura, Sally, Isaias, Delta, Zeta and Eta, the California, Oregon and Washington wildfires, Typhoon Maysak, the August 2020 Derecho, and losses associated with aggregate loss contracts. 
 (5) 2019 Large Loss Events includes Hurricane Dorian and Typhoons Faxai and Hagibis and certain losses associated with aggregate loss contracts. 
 (6) 2018 Large Loss Events includes Typhoons Jebi, Mangkhut and Trami, Hurricane Florence, wildfires in California, Hurricane Michael and certain losses associated with aggregate loss contracts. 
 (7) 2017 Large Loss Events includes Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, the Mexico City Earthquake, wildfires in California, and certain losses associated with aggregate loss contracts. 
 The net favorable development of prior accident years net claims and claim expenses on the large catastrophe events was driven by better than expected loss emergence across the 2017 to 2023 accident years. 
 The net favorable development on other small catastrophe events and attritional loss movements was primarily related to lines of business where the Company principally estimates net claims and claim expenses using traditional actuarial methods. Partially offsetting these net favorable developments was net adverse development related to actuarial assumption changes. 
 32 

2021 Weather-Related Large Losses ) 2020 Weather-Related Large Loss Events ) 2019 Large Loss Events ) 2018 Large Loss Events ) 2017 Large Loss Events ) New Zealand Earthquake (2010) ) Other Total large catastrophe events ) Small catastrophe events and attritional loss movements Other small catastrophe events and attritional loss movements 
 ) Actuarial assumption changes 
 Total small catastrophe events and attritional loss movements ) Total net (favorable) adverse development of prior accident years net claims and claim expenses ) 
 The net favorable development of prior accident years net claims and claim expenses was largely driven by better than expected loss emergence. 
 The net favorable development on other small catastrophe events and attritional loss movements was related to lines of business where the Company principally estimates net claims and claim expenses using traditional actuarial methods. 
 Casualty and Specialty Segment) ) Actuarial assumption changes 
 Total net (favorable) adverse development of prior accident years net claims and claim expenses ) ) 
 The Company principally estimates net claims and claim expenses for the Casualty and Specialty segment using traditional actuarial methods. 
 The net favorable development of prior accident years net claims and claim expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to reported losses generally coming in lower than expected on attritional net claims and claim expenses and was driven by favorable experience within the Company s other specialty and credit classes of business, partially offset by actuarial assumption changes. 
 The net favorable development of prior accident years net claims and claim expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to reported losses generally coming in lower than expected 
 33 

NOTE 7. 
 Senior Notes due 2033 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 Senior Notes due 2027 
 Senior Notes due 2025 
 Senior Notes due 2025 (DaVinci) (1) 
 Total senior notes Medici Revolving Credit Facility (2) 
 Total debt 
 (1) RenaissanceRe owns a noncontrolling economic interest in its joint venture DaVinci. Because RenaissanceRe controls a majority of DaVinci s issued voting shares, the consolidated financial statements of DaVinci are included in the consolidated financial statements of RenaissanceRe. However, RenaissanceRe does not guarantee or provide credit support for DaVinci and RenaissanceRe s financial exposure to DaVinci is limited to its investment in DaVinci s shares and counterparty credit risk arising from reinsurance transactions. 
 (2) RenaissanceRe owns a noncontrolling economic interest in Medici. Because RenaissanceRe controls all of Medici s issued voting shares, the financial statements of Medici are included in RenaissanceRe s consolidated financial statements. However, RenaissanceRe does not guarantee or provide credit support for Medici, and RenaissanceRe s financial exposure to Medici is limited to its investment in Medici s shares and counterparty credit risk arising from reinsurance transactions. 
 34 

Medici Revolving Credit Facility (2) 
 Bilateral Letter of Credit Facilities 
 Secured 
 Unsecured 
 Funds at Lloyd s Letter of Credit Facility 
 
 (1) At September 30, 2024, no amounts were issued or drawn under this facility. 
 (2) RenaissanceRe owns a noncontrolling economic interest in Medici. Because RenaissanceRe controls all of Medici s issued voting shares, the financial statements of Medici are included in RenaissanceRe s consolidated financial statements. However, RenaissanceRe does not guarantee or provide credit support for Medici, and RenaissanceRe s financial exposure to Medici is limited to its investment in Medici s shares and counterparty credit risk arising from reinsurance transactions. The drawn amount of the Medici revolving credit facility is included on the Company s consolidated balance sheets under debt. 

NOTE 8. 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - Medici 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - Vermeer 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - Fontana 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 A summary of the Company s redeemable noncontrolling interests on its consolidated statements of operations is set forth below: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - DaVinci Redeemable noncontrolling interest - Medici 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - Vermeer Redeemable noncontrolling interest - Fontana 
 ) Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest DaVinci 
 DaVinci is a managed joint venture formed by RenaissanceRe principally to write property catastrophe reinsurance and certain casualty and specialty reinsurance lines of business on a global basis through its wholly owned subsidiary, DaVinci Reinsurance. RenaissanceRe owns a noncontrolling economic interest in DaVinci; however, because RenaissanceRe controls a majority of DaVinci s outstanding voting rights, the 
 35 

at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - ). 
 DaVinci shareholders are party to a shareholders agreement which provides DaVinci shareholders, excluding RenaissanceRe, with certain redemption rights that enable each shareholder to notify DaVinci of such shareholder s desire for DaVinci to repurchase up to half of such shareholder s initial aggregate number of shares held, subject to certain limitations, such as limiting the aggregate of all share repurchase requests to of DaVinci s capital in any given year and satisfying all applicable regulatory requirements. If total shareholder requests exceed of DaVinci s capital, the number of shares repurchased will be reduced among the requesting shareholders pro-rata, based on the amounts desired to be repurchased. Shareholders desiring to have DaVinci repurchase their shares must notify DaVinci before March 1 of each year. The repurchase price will be based on GAAP book value as of the end of the year in which the shareholder notice is given, and the repurchase will be effective as of December 31 of that year. The repurchase price can be subject to a holdback and true-up for potential development on outstanding loss reserves. Similarly, when shares are issued by DaVinci and sold to DaVinci shareholders, the sale price is based on GAAP book value and can be subject to a true-up for potential development on outstanding loss reserves. 
 2024 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, RenaissanceRe sold an aggregate of million of its shares in DaVinci to third-party investors and purchased an aggregate of million of shares from other third-party investors. In addition, DaVinci distributed million to third-party investors and million to the Company. The Company s noncontrolling economic ownership in DaVinci subsequent to these transactions was . 
 The timing of cash flows associated with equity capital transactions can vary from one period to the next. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, RenaissanceRe received no cash inflows from subscriptions of shares in DaVinci by third-party investors, and paid million as a result of redemptions of shares from and distributions to third-party investors. 
 2023 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, DaVinci completed an equity capital raise of million, comprised of million from third-party investors and million from RenaissanceRe. In addition, RenaissanceRe sold an aggregate of million of its shares in DaVinci to third-party investors and purchased an aggregate of million of shares from other third-party investors. The Company s noncontrolling economic ownership in DaVinci subsequent to these transactions was . 
 The Company expects its noncontrolling economic ownership in DaVinci to fluctuate over time. 
 Redemption of shares from redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Sale of shares to redeemable noncontrolling interests, net of adjustments Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Ending balance 
 36 

calendar days prior irrevocable written notice to Medici. 
 2024 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, investors subscribed for million, including million from the Company. In addition, investors redeemed million, of the participating, non-voting common shares of Medici, including million from the Company. Investors also received million in dividends. As a result of these net subscriptions, the Company s noncontrolling economic ownership in Medici was at September 30, 2024. 
 The timing of cash flows associated with equity capital transactions can vary from one period to the next. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, RenaissanceRe received cash inflows of million from subscriptions of shares in Medici by third-party investors and paid million as a result of redemptions of shares from and dividends to third-party investors. 
 2023 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, investors subscribed for million, including million from the Company, and redeemed million, of the participating, non-voting common shares of Medici. As a result of these net subscriptions, the Company s noncontrolling economic ownership in Medici was at September 30, 2023. 
 The Company expects its noncontrolling economic ownership in Medici to fluctuate over time. 
 Redemption of shares from redeemable noncontrolling interests, net of adjustments ) ) ) ) Sale of shares to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Dividends on common shares 
 ) ) Ending balance 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Vermeer 
 Vermeer is a managed joint venture formed by RenaissanceRe to provide capacity focused on risk remote layers in the U.S. property catastrophe market. RenaissanceRe owns of the voting non-participating shares of Vermeer, while the sole third-party investor, Stichting Pensioenfonds Zorg en Welzijn PFZW ), a pension fund represented by PGGM Vermogensbeheer B.V., a Dutch pension fund manager, owns of the non-voting participating shares of Vermeer and retains all of the economic benefits. The Company has concluded that Vermeer is a VIE as it has voting rights that are not proportional to its participating rights, and the Company is the primary beneficiary of Vermeer, as it has power over the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of Vermeer. As a result, the Company consolidates Vermeer and all significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated. As PFZW owns all of the economics of 
 37 

million of dividends to PFZW. In addition, PFZW subscribed for million of participating, non-voting common shares of Vermeer. 
 2023 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, PFZW redeemed million of the participating, non-voting common shares of Vermeer. 
 The Company does not expect its noncontrolling economic ownership in Vermeer to fluctuate over time. 
 Dividends on common shares 
 ) ) ) Sale of shares to redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Ending balance 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Fontana 
 Fontana Holdings L.P. and its subsidiaries (collectively, Fontana are a managed joint venture formed by the Company to assume casualty and specialty risks in line with the Company s book of business. RenaissanceRe owns a noncontrolling economic interest in Fontana and controls a majority of Fontana s issued voting shares. The Company concluded that Fontana meets the definition of a VIE as the voting rights are not proportional with the obligations to absorb losses and rights to receive residual returns. The Company evaluated its relationship with Fontana and concluded it is the primary beneficiary of Fontana, as it has power over the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of Fontana. As a result, the Company consolidates Fontana and all significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated. The portion of Fontana s earnings owned by third parties is recorded in the consolidated statements of operations as net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests. The Company may be obligated to repurchase all, or a portion of the shares held by shareholders of Fontana upon request, subject to certain restrictions. The Company has not provided any financial or other support to Fontana that it was not contractually required to provide. 
 2024 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, investors subscribed for million of the non-voting shares of Fontana, including million from the Company. In addition, RenaissanceRe sold an aggregate of million of its non-voting shares in Fontana to other third-party investors. As a result of these transactions, the Company s noncontrolling economic ownership in Fontana was at September 30, 2024. 
 The timing of cash flows associated with equity capital transactions can vary from one period to the next. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, RenaissanceRe received no cash flows from subscriptions of shares in Fontana by third-party investors. 
 38 

subscriptions or redemptions of non-voting common shares of Fontana. The Company s noncontrolling economic ownership in Fontana was at September 30, 2023. 
 The Company s investment in Fontana may fluctuate, perhaps materially, in future quarters. 
 Sale of shares to redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Ending balance 
 
 NOTE 9. 
 segregated accounts (Upsilon RFO Diversified I, II, III and IV). RenaissanceRe indirectly owns a portion of the participating non-voting preference shares of three of the existing segregated accounts of Upsilon RFO (Upsilon RFO Diversified I, II and III) and all of Upsilon RFO s voting Class A shares. The shareholders (other than the voting Class A shareholder) participate in all of the profits or losses of Upsilon RFO while their shares remain outstanding. The shareholders (other than the voting Class A shareholder) indemnify Upsilon RFO against losses relating to insurance risk, and therefore, these shares have been accounted for as prospective reinsurance under FASB ASC Topic 944, Financial Services - Insurance . 
 Upsilon RFO is considered a VIE as it has insufficient equity capital to finance its activities without additional financial support. The Company is the primary beneficiary of Upsilon RFO Diversified I, II and III as it has the power over the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of those segregated accounts and has the obligation to absorb expected losses and the right to receive expected benefits that could be significant to those segregated accounts, in accordance with the accounting guidance. As a result, the Company consolidates Upsilon RFO Diversified I, II and III and all significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated. 
 The Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of Upsilon RFO Diversified IV, as it does not have the obligation to absorb expected losses and the right to receive expected benefits that could be significant to that segregated account, in accordance with the accounting guidance. As a result, the Company does not consolidate the financial position or results of operations of Upsilon RFO Diversified IV. The Company does not have, and does not expect to have, a material investment in Upsilon RFO Diversified IV. In addition, the Company expects its absolute and relative ownership in Upsilon RFO Diversified IV to remain minimal. 
 Other than its equity investments in Upsilon RFO, the Company has not provided financial or other support to Upsilon RFO that it was not contractually required to provide. 
 2024 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and following the release of collateral that was previously held by cedants associated with prior underwriting years contracts, Upsilon RFO returned million of capital to investors of Upsilon RFO Diversified I, II and III, including million to the Company. At September 30, 2024, the Company s participation in the risks assumed by Upsilon RFO Diversified I, II and III was . 
 39 

billion and billion, respectively (December 31, 2023 - billion and billion, respectively). Of the total assets and liabilities of Upsilon RFO Diversified I, II and III, a net amount of million (December 31, 2023 - million) is attributable to the Company, and million (December 31, 2023 - million) is attributable to third-party investors. Of the total assets and liabilities of Upsilon RFO Diversified IV, a net amount of million (December 31, 2023 - million) is attributable to third-party investors. 
 2023 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and following the release of collateral that was previously held by cedants associated with prior underwriting years contracts, Upsilon RFO returned million of capital to investors of Upsilon RFO Diversified I, II and III, including million to the Company. Also, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Upsilon RFO issued million of non-voting preference shares to existing investors, including million to the Company. At September 30, 2023, the Company s participation in the risks assumed by Upsilon RFO Diversified I, II and III was . 
 Upsilon Diversified 
 RenaissanceRe Upsilon Diversified Fund Upsilon Diversified is a segregated account of RenaissanceRe Upsilon Fund Ltd. Upsilon Fund ), an exempted company incorporated in Bermuda which is registered as a segregated accounts company and a Class A Professional Fund. Upsilon Diversified provides a fund structure through which investors can invest in reinsurance risk managed by the Company, which includes investments in Upsilon RFO and Medici. The Company concluded that Upsilon Diversified meets the definition of a VIE as the voting rights are not proportional with the obligations to absorb losses and rights to receive residual returns. The Company evaluated its relationship with Upsilon Diversified and concluded it is not the primary beneficiary of Upsilon Diversified, as it does not have the obligation to absorb expected losses and the right to receive expected benefits that could be significant to Upsilon Diversified, in accordance with the accounting guidance. As a result, the Company does not consolidate the financial position or results of operations of Upsilon Diversified. Upsilon Diversified meets the definition of an investment company in accordance with accounting guidance, and accordingly, is required to account for all of its investments, including its investments in Upsilon RFO and Medici, at fair value. The Company does not have, has not previously had, and does not expect to have, a material investment in Upsilon Diversified. In addition, the Company expects its absolute and relative ownership in Upsilon Diversified to remain minimal. Other than its current equity investment in Upsilon Diversified, the Company has not provided financial or other support to Upsilon Diversified that it was not contractually required to provide. The total assets of Upsilon Diversified principally reflect its investment in Upsilon RFO. 
 2024 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and following the release of collateral from Upsilon RFO, Upsilon Diversified returned million of capital to investors, including million to the Company. In addition, third-party investors subscribed for million of non-voting preference shares. The fair value of the Company s indirect equity ownership in Upsilon Diversified is included in investments in other ventures and was million at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - million). At September 30, 2024, the total assets and total liabilities of Upsilon Diversified were million and million, respectively (December 31, 2023 - million and million, respectively). Upsilon Diversified s investment in Upsilon RFO was valued at million at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - million). 
 2023 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and following the release of collateral from Upsilon RFO, Upsilon Diversified returned million of capital to investors, including million to the Company. In addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Upsilon Diversified issued million of non-voting preference shares to existing investors, including million from the Company. 
 40 

million of non-voting preference shares to existing investors, including million to the Company. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, NOC1 redeemed million of non-voting preference shares to existing investors, including million to the Company. The fair value of the Company s indirect equity ownership in NOC1 is included in investments in other ventures and was million at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - million). At September 30, 2024, the total assets and total liabilities of NOC1 were million and million, respectively (December 31, 2023 - million and million, respectively). 
 Vermeer 
 Vermeer provides capacity focused on risk remote layers in the U.S. property catastrophe market. Refer to Note 8. Noncontrolling Interests for additional information regarding Vermeer. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company s consolidated balance sheet included total assets and total liabilities of Vermeer of billion and million, respectively (December 31, 2023 - billion and million, respectively). In addition, the Company s consolidated balance sheet included redeemable noncontrolling interests associated with Vermeer of billion at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - billion). 
 Fontana 
 Fontana provides reinsurance capacity focused on business written within the Company s Casualty and Specialty segment. Refer to Note 8. Noncontrolling Interests for additional information regarding Fontana. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company s consolidated balance sheet included total assets and total liabilities of Fontana of billion and billion, respectively (December 31, 2023 - billion and billion, respectively). In addition, the Company s consolidated balance sheet included redeemable noncontrolling interests associated with Fontana of million at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - million). 
 Mona Lisa Re Ltd. 
 Mona Lisa Re Ltd. Mona Lisa Re ), a Bermuda domiciled special purpose insurer SPI ), provides reinsurance capacity to subsidiaries of RenaissanceRe through reinsurance agreements which are collateralized and funded by Mona Lisa Re through the issuance of one or more series of principal-at-risk variable rate notes to third-party investors. 
 Upon issuance of a series of notes by Mona Lisa Re, all of the proceeds from the issuance are deposited into collateral accounts, separated by series, to fund any potential obligation under the reinsurance agreements entered into with Renaissance Reinsurance and/or DaVinci Reinsurance underlying such series of notes. The outstanding principal amount of each series of notes generally will be returned to holders of such notes upon the expiration of the risk period underlying such notes, unless an event occurs which causes a loss under the applicable series of notes, in which case the amount returned will be reduced by such noteholder s pro rata share of such loss, as specified in the applicable governing 
 41 

million and million, respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (2023 - million and million, respectively). In addition, Renaissance Reinsurance and DaVinci Reinsurance recognized ceded premiums earned related to the ceded reinsurance contracts with Mona Lisa Re of million and million, respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (2023 - million and million, respectively). 
 Effective June 18, 2024, Mona Lisa Re issued a series of principal-at-risk variable rate notes to investors for a principal amount of million. 
 Effective January 10, 2023, Mona Lisa Re issued series of principal-at-risk variable rate notes to investors for principal amounts of million and million. 
 At September 30, 2024, the total assets and total liabilities of Mona Lisa Re were million and million, respectively (December 31, 2023 - million and million, respectively). 
 The fair value of the Company s investment in the principal-at-risk variable rate notes of Mona Lisa Re is included in other investments. Net of third-party investors, the fair value of the Company s investment in Mona Lisa Re was million at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - million). 
 Tailwind Re Ltd. 
 Tailwind Re Ltd. Tailwind Re ), a Bermuda domiciled SPI provides reinsurance capacity to subsidiaries of RenaissanceRe through reinsurance agreements which are collateralized and funded by Tailwind Re through the issuance of one or more series of principal-at-risk variable rate notes to third-party investors and the Company. 
 Upon issuance of a series of notes by Tailwind Re, all of the proceeds from the issuance were deposited into collateral accounts, separated by series, to fund any potential obligation under the reinsurance agreements entered into with Validus underlying such series of notes. The outstanding principal amount of each series of notes generally will be returned to holders of such notes upon the expiration of the risk period underlying such notes, unless an event occurs which causes a loss under the applicable series of notes, in which case the amount returned will be reduced by such noteholder s pro rata share of such loss, as specified in the applicable governing documents of such notes. In addition, holders of such notes are generally entitled to interest payments, payable quarterly, as determined by the applicable governing documents of each series of notes. 
 The Company concluded that Tailwind Re meets the definition of a VIE as it does not have sufficient equity capital to finance its activities. The Company evaluated its relationship with Tailwind Re and concluded it is not the primary beneficiary of Tailwind Re as it does not have the power over the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of Tailwind Re, in accordance with the accounting guidance. As a result, the financial position and results of operations of Tailwind Re are not consolidated by the Company. 
 42 

million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In addition, the Company recognized ceded premiums earned related to the ceded reinsurance contracts with Tailwind Re of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the total assets and total liabilities of Tailwind Re were million and million, respectively (December 31, 2023 - million and million, respectively). 
 The fair value of the Company s investment in the principal-at-risk variable rate notes of Tailwind Re is included in other investments. Net of third-party investors, the fair value of the Company s investment in Tailwind Re was at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - million). 
 AlphaCat 
 In connection with the Validus Acquisition, the Company acquired AlphaCat Managers Ltd. AlphaCat Managers ), which manages third-party capital in various forms, including through closed-end and open-end Bermuda mutual funds and one managed account (collectively, the AlphaCat Funds ), which currently generates fee income. The AlphaCat Funds are primarily funded by third-party capital investors. The AlphaCat Funds are invested in various risk-linked instruments through variable funding notes issued by AlphaCat Reinsurance Ltd. AlphaCat Re ), AlphaCat Master Fund Ltd. and OmegaCat Reinsurance Ltd. OmegaCat Re ), which give investors access to a range of property catastrophe risks. Prior to the Validus Acquisition, substantially all of the AlphaCat Funds had received full redemption requests from their investors and capital was being released accordingly, subject to certain constraints. The Company expects to run off the business over a period of time. 
 The Company concluded that the AlphaCat Funds, AlphaCat Re and OmegaCat Re meet the definition of VIEs as the voting rights are not proportional with the obligations to absorb losses and rights to receive residual returns. 
 The Company evaluated its relationship with the AlphaCat Funds, AlphaCat Re and OmegaCat Re and concluded it is not the primary beneficiary as it does not have the obligation to absorb expected losses and the right to receive expected benefits that could be significant to the AlphaCat Funds, AlphaCat Re and OmegaCat Re, in accordance with the accounting guidance. As a result, the Company does not consolidate the financial position or results of operations of the AlphaCat Funds, AlphaCat Re and OmegaCat Re. The Company has not provided financial or other support to the AlphaCat Funds, AlphaCat Re and OmegaCat Re that it was not contractually required to provide. The total assets of the AlphaCat Funds, AlphaCat Re and OmegaCat Re principally reflect their investments in OmegaCat Re and AlphaCat Re. 
 The fair value of the Company s direct equity ownership in the AlphaCat Funds and AlphaCat Re is included in other investments and was million at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - million). At September 30, 2024, the total assets and total liabilities of the AlphaCat Funds, AlphaCat Re and OmegaCat Re were billion and billion, respectively (December 31, 2023 - billion and billion, respectively). 
 Fund Investments 
 The Company s fund investments represent variable interests in limited partnerships entities with unaffiliated fund managers in the normal course of business. Refer to Note 4. Fair Value Measurements for additional information. 
 43 

NOTE 10. 
 per common share, payable to common shareholders of record on March 15, 2024, June 14, 2024 and September 13, 2024, and the Company paid the dividends on March 29, 2024, June 28, 2024 and September 30, 2024. 
 The Board of Directors approved the payment of quarterly dividends on each of the series of RenaissanceRe s preference shares to preference shareholders of record in the amounts and on the quarterly record dates and dividend payment dates set forth in the prospectus supplement and Certificate of Designation for the applicable series of preference shares, unless and until further action is taken by the Board of Directors. The dividend payment dates for the preference shares will be the first day of March, June, September and December of each year (or if this date is not a business day, on the business day immediately following this date). The record dates for the preference share dividends are one day prior to the dividend payment dates. 
 The amount of the dividend on the Series F Preference Shares is an amount per share equal to of the liquidation preference per annum (the equivalent to per Series F Preference Share per annum, or per Series F Preference Share per quarter, or per Depositary Share per annum, or per Depositary Share per quarter). The amount of the dividend on the Series G Preference Shares is an amount per share equal to of the liquidation preference per annum (the equivalent to per Series G Preference Share per annum, or per Series G Preference Share per quarter, or per Depositary Share per annum, or per quarter). 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid million in preference share dividends (2023 - million) and million in common share dividends (2023 - million). 
 Share Repurchases 
 The Company s share repurchase program may be effected from time to time, depending on market conditions and other factors, through open market purchases and privately negotiated transactions. On July 31, 2024, RenaissanceRe s Board of Directors approved a renewal of its authorized share repurchase program for an aggregate amount of up to million. Unless terminated earlier by RenaissanceRe s Board of Directors, the program will expire when the Company has repurchased the full value of the common shares authorized. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased common shares at an aggregate cost of million and an average price of per common share. At September 30, 2024, million remained available for repurchase under the share repurchase program. In the future, the Company may authorize additional purchase activities under the currently authorized share repurchase program, increase the amount authorized under the share repurchase program, or adopt additional trading plans. The Company s decision to repurchase common shares will depend on, among other matters, the market price of the common shares and the capital requirements of the Company. 
 Refer to Note 15. Subsequent Events for additional information related to the share repurchase program authorizations subsequent to September 30, 2024. 
 44 

NOTE 11. 
 Amount allocated to participating common shareholders (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) allocated to RenaissanceRe common shareholders Denominator: Denominator for basic income (loss) per RenaissanceRe common share - weighted average common shares (2) 
 Per common share equivalents of non-vested shares (2) 
 Denominator for diluted income (loss) per RenaissanceRe common share - adjusted weighted average common shares and assumed conversions (2) 
 Net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders per common share basic Net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders per common share diluted 
 (1) Represents earnings and dividends attributable to holders of unvested shares issued pursuant to the Company s stock compensation plans. 
 (2) In periods for which the Company has net loss allocated to RenaissanceRe common shareholders, the denominator used in calculating net loss attributable to RenaissanceRe common shareholders per common share - basic is also used in calculating net loss attributable to RenaissanceRe common shareholders per common share - diluted. 
 45 

NOTE 12. 
 Net premiums written Net premiums earned Net claims and claim expenses incurred Acquisition expenses Operational expenses Underwriting income (loss) ) Net investment income Net foreign exchange gains (losses) Equity in earnings of other ventures Other income (loss) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments Corporate expenses ) ) Interest expense ) ) Income (loss) before taxes and redeemable noncontrolling interests Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends on preference shares ) ) Net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders Net claims and claim expenses incurred current accident year Net claims and claim expenses incurred prior accident years ) ) ) Net claims and claim expenses incurred total Net claims and claim expense ratio current accident year Net claims and claim expense ratio prior accident years ) ) ) Net claims and claim expense ratio calendar year Underwriting expense ratio Combined ratio 
 46 

Net premiums written Net premiums earned Net claims and claim expenses incurred Acquisition expenses Operational expenses Underwriting income (loss) Net investment income Net foreign exchange gains (losses) ) ) Equity in earnings of other ventures Other income (loss) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments Corporate expenses ) ) Interest expense ) ) Income (loss) before taxes and redeemable noncontrolling interests Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends on preference shares ) ) Net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders Net claims and claim expenses incurred current accident year Net claims and claim expenses incurred prior accident years ) ) ) Net claims and claim expenses incurred total Net claims and claim expense ratio current accident year Net claims and claim expense ratio prior accident years ) ) ) Net claims and claim expense ratio calendar year Underwriting expense ratio Combined ratio 
 47 

Net premiums written Net premiums earned Net claims and claim expenses incurred Acquisition expenses Operational expenses Underwriting income (loss) Net investment income Net foreign exchange gains (losses) ) ) Equity in earnings of other ventures Other income (loss) ) ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) Corporate expenses ) ) Interest expense ) ) Income (loss) before taxes and redeemable noncontrolling interests Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends on preference shares ) ) Net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders Net claims and claim expenses incurred current accident year Net claims and claim expenses incurred prior accident years ) ) ) Net claims and claim expenses incurred total Net claims and claim expense ratio current accident year Net claims and claim expense ratio prior accident years ) ) ) Net claims and claim expense ratio calendar year Underwriting expense ratio Combined ratio 
 48 

Net premiums written Net premiums earned Net claims and claim expenses incurred Acquisition expenses Operational expenses Underwriting income (loss) Net investment income Net foreign exchange gains (losses) ) ) Equity in earnings of other ventures Other income (loss) ) ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) Corporate expenses ) ) Interest expense ) ) Income (loss) before taxes and redeemable noncontrolling interests Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends on preference shares ) ) Net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders Net claims and claim expenses incurred current accident year Net claims and claim expenses incurred prior accident years ) ) ) Net claims and claim expenses incurred total Net claims and claim expense ratio current accident year Net claims and claim expense ratio prior accident years ) ) ) Net claims and claim expense ratio calendar year Underwriting expense ratio Combined ratio 
 
 NOTE 13. 
 49 

Other assets Foreign currency forward contracts (1) 
 Other assets Foreign currency forward contracts (2) 
 Other assets Credit default swaps Other assets Equity futures Other assets Commodity options 
 Other assets Total derivative instruments not designated as hedges Total Derivative Liabilities At September 30, 2024 Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset in the Balance Sheet Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Balance Sheet Balance Sheet Location Collateral Pledged Net Amount Derivative instruments not designated as hedges Interest rate futures Other liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts (1) 
 Other liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts (2) 
 Other liabilities Credit default swaps Other liabilities Commodity futures Other liabilities Total derivative instruments not designated as hedges Derivative instruments designated as hedges Foreign currency forward contracts (3) 
 Other liabilities Total 
 (1) Contracts used to manage foreign currency risks in underwriting and non-investment operations. 
 (2) Contracts used to manage foreign currency risks in investment operations. 
 (3) Contracts designated as hedges of net investments in a foreign operation. 
 50 

Other assets Foreign currency forward contracts (1) 
 Other assets Foreign currency forward contracts (2) 
 Other assets Credit default swaps Other assets Commodity options 
 Other assets Total derivative instruments not designated as hedges Total Derivative Liabilities At December 31, 2023 Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset in the Balance Sheet Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Balance Sheet Balance Sheet Location Collateral Pledged Net Amount Derivative instruments not designated as hedges Interest rate futures Other liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts (1) 
 Other liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts (2) 
 Other liabilities Credit default swaps Other liabilities Commodity options Other liabilities Commodity futures Other liabilities Total derivative instruments not designated as hedges Derivative instruments designated as hedges Foreign currency forward contracts (3) 
 Other liabilities Total 
 (1) Contracts used to manage foreign currency risks in underwriting and non-investment operations. 
 (2) Contracts used to manage foreign currency risks in investment operations. 
 (3) Contracts designated as hedges of net investments in a foreign operation. 

51 

Foreign currency forward contracts (2) 
 Net foreign exchange gains (losses) ) Foreign currency forward contracts (3) 
 Net foreign exchange gains (losses) ) Credit default swaps (1) 
 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) Equity futures (4) 
 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments Commodity options Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) Commodity futures Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments Total derivative instruments not designated as hedges ) Derivative instruments designated as hedges Foreign currency forward contracts (5) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total ) 
 (1) Fixed income related derivatives included in net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investment-related derivatives. See Note 3. Investments for additional information. 
 (2) Contracts used to manage foreign currency risks in underwriting and non-investment operations. 
 (3) Contracts used to manage foreign currency risks in investment operations. 
 (4) Equity related derivatives included in net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investment-related derivatives. See Note 3. Investments for additional information. 
 (5) Contracts designated as hedges of net investments in a foreign operation. 
 
 52 

Foreign currency forward contracts (2) 
 Net foreign exchange gains (losses) ) Foreign currency forward contracts (3) 
 Net foreign exchange gains (losses) ) ) Credit default swaps (1) 
 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) Equity futures (4) 
 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) Warrants Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) Commodity options Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) Commodity futures Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments Total derivative instruments not designated as hedges ) Derivative instruments designated as hedges Foreign currency forward contracts (5) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total ) 
 (1) Fixed income related derivatives included in net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investment-related derivatives. See Note 3. Investments for additional information. 
 (2) Contracts used to manage foreign currency risks in underwriting and non-investment operations. 
 (3) Contracts used to manage foreign currency risks in investment operations. 
 (4) Equity related derivatives included in net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investment-related derivatives. See Note 3. Investments for additional information. 
 (5) Contracts designated as hedges of net investments in a foreign operation. 
 Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedges 
 Interest Rate Derivatives 
 The Company uses interest rate futures and swaps within its portfolio of fixed maturity investments to manage its exposure to interest rate risk, which may result in increasing or decreasing its exposure to this risk. 
 Interest Rate Futures 
 The fair value of interest rate futures is determined using exchange traded prices. At September 30, 2024, the Company had billion of notional long positions and billion of notional short positions of primarily U.S. treasury, Eurozone and U.K. government bond futures contracts (December 31, 2023 - billion and billion, respectively, of primarily U.S. treasury and Eurozone government bond futures contracts). 
 Foreign Currency Derivatives 
 The Company s functional currency is the U.S. dollar. The Company writes a portion of its business in currencies other than U.S. dollars and may, from time to time, experience foreign exchange gains and losses in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The impact of changes in exchange rates on the Company s assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, excluding non-monetary assets and liabilities, are recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 53 

million in notional long positions and million in notional short positions, denominated in U.S. dollars (December 31, 2023 - million and million, respectively). 
 Investment Portfolio Related Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
 The Company s investment operations are exposed to currency fluctuations through its investments in non-U.S. dollar fixed maturity investments, short term investments and other investments. From time to time, the Company may employ foreign currency forward contracts in its investment portfolio to either assume foreign currency risk or to economically hedge its exposure to currency fluctuations from these investments. The fair value of the Company s investment portfolio related foreign currency forward contracts is determined using an interpolated rate based on closing forward market rates. At September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding investment portfolio related foreign currency contracts of million in notional long positions and million in notional short positions, denominated in U.S. dollars (December 31, 2023 - million and million, respectively). 
 Credit Derivatives 
 The Company s exposure to credit risk is primarily due to its fixed maturity investments, short term investments, premiums receivable and reinsurance recoverable. From time to time, the Company may purchase credit derivatives to manage its exposures in the insurance industry, and to assist in managing the credit risk associated with ceded reinsurance. The Company also employs credit derivatives in its investment portfolio to either assume credit risk or manage its credit exposure. 
 Credit Default Swaps 
 The fair value of the Company s credit default swaps is determined using industry valuation models, broker bid indications or internal pricing valuation techniques. The fair value of these credit default swaps can change based on a variety of factors including changes in credit spreads, default rates and recovery rates, the correlation of credit risk between the referenced credit and the counterparty, and market rate inputs such as interest rates. At September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding credit default swaps of billion in notional positions to protect the investment portfolio against increasing credit risk and notional positions to assume credit risk, denominated in U.S. dollars (December 31, 2023 - billion and million, respectively). 
 Equity Derivatives 
 Equity Futures 
 From time to time, the Company uses equity derivatives in its investment portfolio to either assume equity risk or hedge its equity exposure. The fair value of the Company s equity futures is determined using market-based prices from pricing vendors. At September 30, 2024, the Company had million of notional long positions of equity futures (December 31, 2023 - notional positions). 
 54 

million of notional long positions of commodity futures, denominated in U.S. dollars (December 31, 2023 - million of notional long positions). 
 Commodity Options 
 An option contract provides its owner the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell specified amounts of a commodity at a contracted price during a specified period or on a specified date. The maximum risk of loss to the Company is the fair value of the contracts and the premiums paid to purchase its open options. The fair value of these derivatives is determined using market-based prices from pricing vendors. At September 30, 2024, the Company had million of notional long positions of exchange traded commodity option contracts (December 31, 2023 - million of notional long positions). 
 Derivative Instruments Designated as Hedges of Net Investments in Foreign Operations 
 Foreign Currency Derivatives 
 Hedges of Net Investments in Foreign Operations 
 One of the Company s subsidiaries currently uses a non-U.S. dollar functional currency. The Company, from time to time, enters into foreign exchange forwards to hedge non-U.S. dollar functional currencies, on an after-tax basis, from changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and these currencies. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, this included the Australian dollar net investment in a foreign operation. These foreign exchange forward contracts were formally designated as hedges of its investment in subsidiaries with non-U.S. dollar functional currencies and there was no ineffectiveness in these transactions. 
 Derivative gains (losses) 
 ) ) 
 55 

NOTE 14. 
 
 56 

NOTE 15. 
 million. 
 Credit Facilities 
 On October 3, 2024, Renaissance Reinsurance Ltd., RenaissanceRe Europe AG (collectively, the Applicants and RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (the Guarantor ), and Nordea Bank Abp, New York Branch Nordea entered into a Standby Letter of Credit Agreement (the Agreement ), to provide for an uncommitted, unsecured facility under which letters of credit may be issued from time to time for the respective accounts of the Applicants. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Applicants may request letters of credit up to an aggregate amount of million. The obligations of the Applicants under the Agreement are guaranteed by the Guarantor. The Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that are customary for facilities of this type. In the case of an event of default under the agreement, Nordea may exercise certain remedies. 
 Renaissance Reinsurance was party to an Amended and Restated Letter of Credit Reimbursement Agreement dated November 7, 2019, as amended (the Funds at Lloyd s Letter of Credit Facility ), with Bank of Montreal, Citibank Europe and ING Bank N.V., which provides a facility under which letters of credit may be issued from time to time to support business written by RenaissanceRe Syndicate 1458. The Funds at Lloyd s Letter of Credit Facility was fully repaid, and on November 4, 2024, Renaissance Reinsurance terminated the facility. 
 Hurricane Milton 
 In October 2024, Hurricane Milton impacted Florida. The Company currently estimates that losses from Hurricane Milton will have a million net negative impact on net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Net negative impact on underwriting result includes the sum of (1) net claims and claim expenses incurred, (2) assumed and ceded reinstatement premiums earned and (3) earned and lost profit commissions. Net negative impact on net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders is the sum of (1) net negative impact on underwriting result and (2) redeemable noncontrolling interest, both before consideration of any related income tax benefit (expense). 
 . 

57 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as well as our liquidity and capital resources at September 30, 2024. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this filing and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. This filing contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from the results described or implied by these forward-looking statements. See Note on Forward-Looking Statements. 
 On November 1, 2023, we completed the Validus Acquisition, pursuant to which we acquired Validus Holdings and Validus Specialty. We accounted for the Validus Acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations . 
 Our results of operations and financial condition include Validus since November 1, 2023. The following discussion and analysis of our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, as well as our financial condition, liquidity and capital resources at September 30, 2024, should be read in that context. 
 In this Form 10-Q, references to RenaissanceRe refer to RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (the parent company) and references to we, us, our and the Company refer to RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. together with its subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. Defined terms used throughout this Form 10-Q are included in the Glossary of Defined Terms at the beginning of this Form 10-Q. 
 All dollar amounts referred to in this Form 10-Q are in U.S. dollars unless otherwise indicated. 
 Due to rounding, numbers presented in the tables included in this Form 10-Q may not add up precisely to the totals provided. 
 58 

INDEX TO MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Page OVERVIEW 
 60 
 SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 62 
 SUMMARY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 63 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 89 
 Financial Condition 
 89 
 Liquidity and Cash Flows 
 89 
 Capital Resources 
 94 
 Reserve for Claims and Claim Expenses 
 96 
 Investments 
 97 
 Ratings 
 98 
 SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 100 
 CURRENT OUTLOOK 
 102 

59 

OVERVIEW 
 RenaissanceRe is a global provider of reinsurance and insurance that specializes in matching desirable risk with efficient capital. We provide property, casualty and specialty reinsurance and certain insurance solutions to customers, principally through intermediaries. Established in 1993, we have offices in Bermuda, Australia, Canada, Ireland, Singapore, Switzerland, the U.K., and the U.S. We are one of the world s leading providers of property, casualty and specialty reinsurance solutions. 
 Our mission is to match desirable risk with efficient capital to achieve our vision of being the best underwriter. We believe that this will allow us to produce superior returns for our shareholders over the long term, and to enable our purpose of protecting communities and enabling prosperity. We seek to accomplish these goals by (i) being a trusted, long-term partner to our customers for assessing and managing risk, (ii) delivering responsive and innovative solutions, (iii) leveraging our core capabilities of risk assessment and information management, (iv) investing in these core capabilities in order to serve our customers across market cycles, and (v) keeping our promises. 
 Our core products include property, casualty and specialty reinsurance, and certain insurance products, principally distributed through intermediaries with whom we have cultivated strong long-term relationships. Our business consists of the following reportable segments: (1) Property, which is comprised of catastrophe and other property (re)insurance, and (2) Casualty and Specialty, which is comprised of general casualty, professional liability, credit and other specialty (re)insurance. The underwriting results of our consolidated operating subsidiaries and underwriting platforms are included in our Property and Casualty and Specialty segment results as appropriate. 
 Our strategy focuses on operating as an integrated system of three competitive advantages: superior risk selection, superior customer relationships and superior capital management. We provide value to our customers and partners in the form of financial security, innovative products, and responsive service. We are known as a leader in paying valid claims promptly. 
 We have three principal drivers of profit that generate diversified earnings streams for our business - underwriting income, fee income, and investment income. Underwriting income is the income that we earn from our core underwriting business. By accepting the volatility that this business brings, we believe that we can generate superior long-term returns and achieve our vision. Fee income is the income that we earn primarily from managing third-party capital in our Capital Partners unit and is composed of management fee income and performance fee income. Investment income is income derived from the investment portfolio that we maintain to support our business. We take a disciplined approach in building a relatively conservative, well-structured investment portfolio with a focus on fixed income investments. Compared to underwriting income, we view fee income, in particular management fee income, and investment income, as relatively stable, less volatile, and capital efficient sources of income. 
 We principally measure our financial success through long-term growth in tangible book value per common share plus the change in accumulated dividends. We believe this metric is the most appropriate measure of our financial performance, and in respect of which we believe we have delivered superior performance over time. 
 Our current business strategy focuses predominantly on writing reinsurance. We also write excess and surplus lines insurance through delegated authority arrangements, and typically underwrite insurance risks in portfolio form. Additionally, we pursue a number of other opportunities, such as creating and managing our joint ventures and managed funds, executing customized reinsurance transactions to assume or cede risk, and managing certain strategic investments. We continually explore appropriate and efficient ways to address the risk management needs of our clients and the impact of various regulatory and legislative changes on our operations. From time to time, we consider diversification into new ventures, either through organic growth, the formation of new joint ventures or managed funds, or the acquisition of, or the investment in, other companies or books of business of other companies. 
 Revenues and Expenses 
 Our revenues are principally derived from three sources: (1) net premiums earned from the reinsurance and insurance policies we sell; (2) net investment income and net realized and unrealized gains from the investment of our capital funds and the investment of the cash we receive on the policies which we sell; and (3) fees received from our joint ventures, managed funds and structured reinsurance products, which are 
 60 

primarily reflected in redeemable noncontrolling interest or as an offset to acquisition or operational expenses. 
 Our expenses primarily consist of: (1) net claims and claim expenses incurred on the policies of reinsurance and insurance we sell; (2) acquisition costs, which typically represent a percentage of the premiums we write; (3) operational expenses, which primarily consist of personnel expenses, rent and other expenses; (4) corporate expenses, which include certain executive, legal and consulting expenses, costs for research and development, transaction and integration-related expenses, and other miscellaneous costs, including those associated with operating as a publicly traded company; and (5) interest and dividends related to our debt and preference shares. We are also subject to taxes in certain jurisdictions in which we operate. Historically, the majority of our income has been earned in Bermuda, which did not have a corporate income tax, so the tax impact to our operations has been minimal. However, on December 27, 2023, the Government of Bermuda announced the implementation of a 15 corporate income tax effective January 1, 2025. We expect that this development, along with the implementation of the OECD s Pillar Two global minimum tax regime in the jurisdictions in which we operate, will increase our income taxes in the future. We believe that the flexible global operating model that we have utilized will continue to prove resilient. 
 The underwriting results of an insurance or reinsurance company are discussed frequently by reference to its net claims and claim expense ratio, underwriting expense ratio, and combined ratio. The net claims and claim expense ratio is calculated by dividing net claims and claim expenses incurred by net premiums earned. The underwriting expense ratio is calculated by dividing underwriting expenses (acquisition expenses and operational expenses) by net premiums earned. The combined ratio is the sum of the net claims and claim expense ratio and the underwriting expense ratio. A combined ratio below 100 indicates profitable underwriting prior to the consideration of investment income. A combined ratio over 100 indicates unprofitable underwriting prior to the consideration of investment income. We also discuss our net claims and claim expense ratio on a current accident year basis and a prior accident years basis. The current accident year net claims and claim expense ratio is calculated by taking current accident year net claims and claim expenses incurred, divided by net premiums earned. The prior accident years net claims and claim expense ratio is calculated by taking prior accident years net claims and claim expenses incurred, divided by net premiums earned. 
 We manage DaVinci, Fontana, Medici, and Vermeer, and own all, or a majority, of the voting interests, but own no, or a minority, economic interest of each. As a result of our controlling voting interests, we fully consolidate these entities in our financial statements, even though we do not retain the full value of the economic outcomes generated by these entities. The portions of the economic outcomes that are not retained by us are ultimately allocated to the third-party investors who hold the noncontrolling interests in these entities. The economic outcomes may include underwriting results, investments results, and foreign exchange impacts, among other items. For example, if one of these entities were to generate underwriting losses due to a natural catastrophe, the full amount would be reflected in net income (loss) on our consolidated statements of operations, but ultimately we would only retain a portion of that amount in our net income (loss) attributable to RenaissanceRe. In our consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations, the portion of these items attributable to third parties is reflected in Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests line item. Refer to Note 8. Noncontrolling Interests in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our redeemable noncontrolling interests and how this accounting treatment impacts our financial results. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 General economic inflation has increased over the past few years compared to recent historical norms, and there is a risk of inflation remaining elevated for an extended period, which could cause claims and claims related expenses to increase, impact the performance of our investment portfolio, or have other adverse effects. This risk may be exacerbated by geopolitical factors and global supply chain issues, among other factors, from time to time. Some central banks have begun to cut interest rates, which could act as a potential supporting force for some of these inflationary pressures, if they have cut rates too soon. The actual effects of the current and potential future increase in inflation on our results cannot be accurately known until, among other items, claims are ultimately settled. The duration and severity of an inflationary period cannot be estimated with precision. We consider the anticipated effects of inflation on us in our catastrophe loss models and on our investment portfolio. Our estimates of the potential effects of inflation 
 61 

are also considered in pricing and in estimating reserves for unpaid claims and claim expenses. The potential exists, after a catastrophe loss, for the development of inflationary pressures in a local economy. 
 
 SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Our critical accounting estimates include Claims and Claim Expense Reserves, Premiums and Related Expenses, Reinsurance Recoverables, Fair Value Measurements and Impairments and Income Taxes, and are discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates as disclosed in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 62 

SUMMARY OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Below is a discussion of the results of operations for the third quarter of 2024, compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands, except per share amounts and percentages) Statement of Operations Highlights 
 Gross premiums written 
 2,400,136 1,618,443 781,693 Net premiums written 
 2,162,504 1,421,260 741,244 Net premiums earned 
 2,582,969 1,755,876 827,093 Net claims and claim expenses incurred 
 1,373,614 861,576 512,038 Acquisition expenses 
 690,338 425,745 264,593 Operational expenses 
 125,261 82,751 42,510 Underwriting income (loss) 393,756 385,804 7,952 Net investment income 423,859 329,108 94,751 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments 943,745 (228,087) 1,171,832 Total investment result 
 1,367,604 101,021 1,266,583 Net income (loss) 1,632,663 416,526 1,216,137 Net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders 1,173,644 193,988 979,656 Net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders per common share diluted 22.62 3.80 18.82 Dividends per common share 
 0.39 0.38 0.01 Key Ratios 
 Net claims and claim expense ratio current accident year 
 64.5 58.1 6.4 pts Net claims and claim expense ratio prior accident years 
 (11.3) (9.0) (2.3) pts Net claims and claim expense ratio calendar year 53.2 49.1 4.1 pts Underwriting expense ratio 31.6 28.9 2.7 pts Combined ratio 84.8 78.0 6.8 pts Return on average common equity - annualized 47.1 11.5 35.6 pts Book Value 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Book value per common share 
 202.01 179.87 22.14 Accumulated dividends per common share 
 27.69 27.30 0.39 Book value per common share plus accumulated dividends 
 229.70 207.17 22.53 Change in book value per common share plus change in accumulated dividends 
 12.5 
 Net income available to RenaissanceRe common shareholders was 1.2 billion in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 194.0 million in the third quarter of 2023, an increase of 979.7 million. As a result of our net income available to RenaissanceRe common shareholders in the third quarter of 2024, we generated an annualized return on average common equity of 47.1 , and our book value per common share increased from 179.87 at June 30, 2024 to 202.01 at September 30, 2024, a 12.5 increase, after considering the change in accumulated dividends paid to our common shareholders. 
 63 

The most significant items affecting our financial performance during the third quarter of 2024, on a comparative basis to the third quarter of 2023, include: 
 Underwriting Results - we generated underwriting income of 393.8 million and had a combined ratio of 84.8 in the third quarter of 2024, compared to underwriting income of 385.8 million and a combined ratio of 78.0 in the third quarter of 2023. Our underwriting income in the third quarter of 2024 was comprised of our Property segment, which generated underwriting income of 394.7 million and had a combined ratio of 60.3 , and our Casualty and Specialty segment, which incurred an underwriting loss of 0.9 million and had a combined ratio of 100.1 . In comparison, our underwriting income in the third quarter of 2023 was comprised of our Property segment, which generated underwriting income of 356.0 million and had a combined ratio of 53.2 , and our Casualty and Specialty segment, which generated underwriting income of 29.8 million and had a combined ratio of 97.0 ; 
 Gross Premiums Written - our gross premiums written increased by 781.7 million, or 48.3 , to 2.4 billion, in the third quarter of 2024, compared to the third quarter of 2023. This was comprised of an increase of 502.0 million in our Casualty and Specialty segment and 279.7 million in our Property segment, both primarily driven by the renewal of business acquired in the Validus Acquisition, in conjunction with the retention of legacy lines, as well as organic growth in the Property segment through increased demand and new opportunities during the third quarter renewals; 
 Investment Results - our total investment result, which includes net investment income and net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments, was income of 1.4 billion in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 101.0 million in the third quarter of 2023, an increase of 1.3 billion. The primary drivers of the higher total investment result were an increase of 1.2 billion in net realized and unrealized gains on investments and an increase in net investment income of 94.8 million. The increase in net realized and unrealized gains on investments was principally due to higher net realized and unrealized gains on fixed maturity investments of 891.7 million, which were driven by declining interest rates in the third quarter of 2024 compared to interest rate increases in the third quarter of 2023, and the increase in net investment income was due to a combination of higher average invested assets, primarily resulting from the Validus Acquisition, and higher yielding assets in the fixed maturity investments portfolio; 
 Net Income Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests - our net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests was 450.2 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 213.7 million in the third quarter of 2023. The higher net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in the third quarter of 2024 was primarily driven by strong underwriting results generated by DaVinci and Vermeer, an increase in net realized and unrealized gains on investments resulting from declining interest rates in the third quarter of 2024 compared to interest rate increases in the third quarter of 2023, and higher net investment income resulting from higher average invested assets and higher yielding assets within the investment portfolios of our joint ventures and managed funds; and 
 Impact of Large Loss Events - we had a net negative impact on net income available to RenaissanceRe common shareholders of 243.2 million resulting from the Q3 2024 Large Loss Events. This compares to a net negative impact on net income available to RenaissanceRe common shareholders of 77.5 million resulting from the 2023 Large Loss Events in the third quarter of 2023. 
 64 

Net Negative Impact 
 Net negative impact on underwriting result includes the sum of (1) net claims and claim expenses incurred, (2) assumed and ceded reinstatement premiums earned and (3) earned and lost profit commissions. Net negative impact on net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders is the sum of (1) net negative impact on underwriting result and (2) redeemable noncontrolling interest, both before consideration of any related income tax benefit (expense). 
 Our estimates of net negative impact are based on a review of our potential exposures, preliminary discussions with certain counterparties and actuarial modeling techniques. Our actual net negative impact, both individually and in the aggregate, may vary from these estimates, perhaps materially. Changes in these estimates will be recorded in the period in which they occur. 
 Meaningful uncertainty remains regarding the estimates and the nature and extent of the losses from these catastrophe events, driven by the magnitude and recent nature of the events, the geographic areas impacted by the events, relatively limited claims data received to date, the contingent nature of business interruption and other exposures, potential uncertainties relating to reinsurance recoveries and other factors inherent in loss estimation, among other things. 
 Q3 2024 Net Negative Impact 
 The financial data below provides additional information detailing the net negative impact of the Q3 2024 Large Loss Events on our segment underwriting results and consolidated combined ratio in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Hurricane Helene 
 Other Q3 2024 Large Loss Events (1) 
 Q3 2024 Large Loss Events (2) 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Net negative impact on Property segment underwriting result (147,847) (157,819) (305,666) Net negative impact on Casualty and Specialty segment underwriting result (4,942) (4,942) Net negative impact on underwriting result (147,847) (162,761) (310,608) Percentage point impact on consolidated combined ratio 6.1 6.6 12.7 
 The financial data below provides additional information detailing the net negative impact of the Q3 2024 Large Loss Events on our consolidated financial statements in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Hurricane Helene 
 Other Q3 2024 Large Loss Events (1) 
 Q3 2024 Large Loss Events (2) 
 (in thousands) Net claims and claims expenses incurred (181,065) (188,941) (370,006) Assumed reinstatement premiums earned 39,027 24,453 63,480 Ceded reinstatement premiums earned (1,009) (476) (1,485) Earned (lost) profit commissions (4,800) 2,203 (2,597) Net negative impact on underwriting result (147,847) (162,761) (310,608) Redeemable noncontrolling interest 22,637 44,813 67,450 Net negative impact on net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders (125,210) (117,948) (243,158) 
 (1) Other Q3 2024 Large Loss Events includes: a severe hailstorm which impacted Calgary in August 2024, Hurricane Debby, and Hurricane Beryl. 
 (2) Q3 2024 Large Loss Events includes: Hurricane Helene and the Other Q3 2024 Large Loss Events. 
 
 65 

Q3 2023 Net Negative Impact 
 The financial data below provides additional information detailing the net negative impact of the 2023 Large Loss Events on our segment underwriting results and consolidated combined ratio in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 2023 Large Loss Events (1) 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Net negative impact on Property segment underwriting result (97,722) Net negative impact on Casualty and Specialty segment underwriting result Net negative impact on underwriting result (97,722) Percentage point impact on consolidated combined ratio 5.7 
 The financial data below provides additional information detailing the net negative impact of the 2023 Large Loss Events on our consolidated financial statements in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 2023 Large Loss Events (1) 
 (in thousands) Net claims and claims expenses incurred (113,031) Assumed reinstatement premiums earned 9,259 Ceded reinstatement premiums earned Earned (lost) profit commissions 6,050 Net negative impact on underwriting result (97,722) Redeemable noncontrolling interest 20,204 Net negative impact on net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders (77,518) 
 (1) 2023 Large Loss Events includes: (1) the wildfires in Hawaii in August 2023 and Hurricane Idalia; (2) a series of large, severe weather events in Texas and other Southern and Central U.S. states in June 2023; (3) the earthquakes in Southern and Central Turkey in February 2023, Cyclone Gabrielle, the flooding in northern New Zealand in January and February 2023, and various wind and thunderstorm events in both the Southern and Midwest U.S. during March 2023 and (4) certain aggregate loss contracts triggered during 2023. 
 
 66 

Underwriting Results by Segment 
 Property Segment 
 Below is a summary of the underwriting results and ratios for our Property segment: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands, except percentages) Gross premiums written 790,709 511,012 279,697 Net premiums written 701,222 444,872 256,350 Net premiums earned 994,777 760,365 234,412 Net claims and claim expenses incurred 329,967 206,361 123,606 Acquisition expenses 192,439 143,348 49,091 Operational expenses 77,688 54,624 23,064 Underwriting income (loss) 394,683 356,032 38,651 Net claims and claim expenses incurred current accident year 
 621,710 350,238 271,472 Net claims and claim expenses incurred prior accident years 
 (291,743) (143,877) (147,866) Net claims and claim expenses incurred total 
 329,967 206,361 123,606 Net claims and claim expense ratio current accident year 
 62.5 46.1 16.4 pts Net claims and claim expense ratio prior accident years 
 (29.3) (19.0) (10.3) pts Net claims and claim expense ratio calendar year 
 33.2 27.1 6.1 pts Underwriting expense ratio 
 27.1 26.1 1.0 pts Combined ratio 
 60.3 53.2 7.1 pts 
 Property Gross Premiums Written 
 In the third quarter of 2024, our Property segment gross premiums written increased by 279.7 million, or 54.7 , to 790.7 million, compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 Gross premiums written in the catastrophe class of business were 344.0 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 183.2 million, or 113.9 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. This increase was principally driven by an increase in reinstatement premiums of 74.3 million, as well as organic growth through new opportunities and increased client demand, and the renewal of business acquired in the Validus Acquisition, in conjunction with the retention of legacy lines, at the July 1, 2024 renewal. 
 Gross premiums written in the other property class of business were 446.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 96.5 million, or 27.6 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase in gross premiums written in the other property class of business was principally due to the renewal of business acquired in the Validus Acquisition and organic growth in both our catastrophe and non-catastrophe exposed business within other property. 
 Property Ceded Premiums Written 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Ceded premiums written 89,487 66,140 23,347 
 Due to the potential volatility of the reinsurance contracts which we sell, we purchase reinsurance to reduce our exposure to large losses and to help manage our risk portfolio. To the extent that appropriately priced coverage is available, we anticipate continued use of retrocessional reinsurance to reduce the impact of large losses on our financial results and to manage our portfolio of risk; however, the buying of ceded 
 67 

reinsurance in our Property segment is based on market opportunities and is not based on placing a specific reinsurance program each year. In addition, we may utilize insurance-linked securities for purchases of retrocessional reinsurance if we find the pricing and terms of such coverages attractive. 
 Ceded premiums written in our Property segment were 89.5 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 23.3 million, or 35.3 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase in ceded premiums written is partly due to the timing of ceded purchases as part of our gross-to-net strategy. 
 Property Net Premiums Written 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Net premiums written 701,222 444,872 256,350 
 Net premiums written in our Property segment were 701.2 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 256.4 million, or 57.6 , compared to the third quarter of 2023, consistent with the changes in gross premiums written discussed above. 
 Property Underwriting Results 
 Our Property segment generated underwriting income of 394.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to income of 356.0 million in the third quarter of 2023. In the third quarter of 2024, our Property segment generated a net claims and claim expense ratio of 33.2 , an underwriting expense ratio of 27.1 and a combined ratio of 60.3 , compared to 27.1 , 26.1 and 53.2 , respectively, in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Impacting the underwriting result and combined ratio in the third quarter of 2024 were the Q3 2024 Large Loss Events, which resulted in a net negative impact on the Property segment underwriting result of 305.7 million and added 35.4 percentage points to the Property segment combined ratio, reflecting impacts in both the catastrophe and other property classes of business. Impacting the underwriting result and combined ratio in the third quarter of 2023 were the 2023 Large Loss Events, which resulted in a net negative impact on the Property segment underwriting result of 97.7 million and added 13.6 percentage points to the Property segment combined ratio, reflecting impacts in both the catastrophe and other property classes of business. 
 The net claims and claim expense ratio in the third quarter of 2024 of 33.2 was comprised of a current accident year net claims and claim expense ratio of 62.5 and 29.3 percentage points of net favorable development of prior accident years, including 10.9 percentage points from the 2022 Weather-Related Large Losses. The other property class of business had 19.5 percentage points of net favorable development, primarily related to lines of business where the Company principally estimates net claims and claim expenses using traditional actuarial methods. In comparison, the third quarter of 2023 had a net claims and claim expense ratio of 27.1 , comprised of a current accident year net claims and claim expense ratio of 46.1 and 19.0 percentage points of net favorable development of prior accident years. 
 The current accident year net claims and claim expense ratio for the Property segment, which increased by 16.4 percentage points, included a 35.0 percentage point impact from the Q3 2024 Large Loss Events in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 14.5 percentage points from the 2023 Large Loss Events in the third quarter of 2023. In the catastrophe class of business, a 27.2 percentage point increase was primarily due to the greater impact from large loss events, with the Q3 2024 Large Loss Events adding 43.5 percentage points compared to the 2023 Large Loss Events which added 16.8 percentage points in the third quarter of 2023. In the other property class of business, the 6.1 percentage point increase was primarily driven by the Q3 2024 Large Loss Events, which added 24.8 percentage points, compared to the 2023 Large Loss Events which added 12.3 percentage points in the third quarter of 2023. 
 See Note 6. Reserve for Claims and Claim Expenses in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the prior year development of net claims and claim expenses. 
 The underwriting expense ratio increased by 1.0 percentage point, largely driven by a 0.4 percentage point increase in acquisition expenses due to purchase accounting adjustments relating to the Validus Acquisition, which added 1.8 percentage points to the acquisition expense ratio in the third quarter of 2024, 
 68 

partially offset by changes in the mix of business as a result of the continued relative growth in the catastrophe class of business, which has a lower acquisition expense ratio than the other property class of business. In addition to the increase in the acquisition expense ratio, the operating expense ratio also increased 0.6 percentage points, primarily due to an increase in operating expenses following the Validus Acquisition. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, our Property segment underwriting income was reduced by total purchase accounting adjustments of 22.4 million, which added 2.2 percentage points to the Property segment combined ratio. 
 Casualty and Specialty Segment 
 Below is a summary of the underwriting results and ratios for our Casualty and Specialty segment: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands, except percentages) Gross premiums written 1,609,427 1,107,431 501,996 Net premiums written 1,461,282 976,388 484,894 Net premiums earned 1,588,192 995,511 592,681 Net claims and claim expenses incurred 1,043,647 655,215 388,432 Acquisition expenses 497,899 282,397 215,502 Operational expenses 47,573 28,127 19,446 Underwriting income (loss) (927) 29,772 (30,699) Net claims and claim expenses incurred current accident year 
 1,044,410 669,285 375,125 Net claims and claim expenses incurred prior accident years 
 (763) (14,070) 13,307 Net claims and claim expenses incurred total 
 1,043,647 655,215 388,432 Net claims and claim expense ratio current accident year 
 65.8 67.2 (1.4) pts Net claims and claim expense ratio prior accident years 
 (0.1) (1.4) 1.3 pts Net claims and claim expense ratio calendar year 
 65.7 65.8 (0.1) pts Underwriting expense ratio 
 34.4 31.2 3.2 pts Combined ratio 
 100.1 97.0 3.1 pts 
 Casualty and Specialty Gross Premiums Written 
 In the third quarter of 2024, our Casualty and Specialty segment gross premiums written increased by 502.0 million, or 45.3 , to 1.6 billion, compared to the third quarter of 2023. This increase was primarily driven by the renewal of business acquired in the Validus Acquisition, and is principally reflected in the general casualty and other specialty classes of business, which grew by 168.6 million and 208.4 million, respectively, compared to the third quarter of 2023. This increase also reflects organic growth of legacy lines, particularly within the other specialty class of business. 
 Casualty and Specialty Ceded Premiums Written 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Ceded premiums written 148,145 131,043 17,102 
 We purchase reinsurance to reduce our exposure to large losses and to help manage our risk portfolio. To the extent that appropriately priced coverage is available, we anticipate continued use of retrocessional reinsurance to reduce the impact of large losses on our financial results and to manage our portfolio of risk. 
 69 

As in our Property segment, the buying of ceded reinsurance in our Casualty and Specialty segment is based on market opportunities and is not based on placing a specific reinsurance program each year. 
 Ceded premiums written in our Casualty and Specialty segment increased by 17.1 million, to 148.1 million, in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 131.0 million in the third quarter of 2023, driven by the increase in gross premiums written subject to our retrocessional reinsurance programs, and partially offset by a decrease in the amount of quota share retrocessional coverage purchased. 
 Casualty and Specialty Net Premiums Written 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Net premiums written 1,461,282 976,388 484,894 
 Net premiums written in our Casualty and Specialty segment increased by 484.9 million, or 49.7 , to 1.5 billion, in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 1.0 billion in the third quarter of 2023, consistent with the changes in gross premiums written and quota share retrocessional coverage purchased as discussed above. 
 Casualty and Specialty Underwriting Results 
 Our Casualty and Specialty segment incurred an underwriting loss of 0.9 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to underwriting income of 29.8 million in the third quarter of 2023. In the third quarter of 2024, our Casualty and Specialty segment generated a net claims and claim expense ratio of 65.7 , an underwriting expense ratio of 34.4 and a combined ratio of 100.1 , compared to 65.8 , 31.2 and 97.0 , respectively, in the third quarter of 2023. 
 The increase in the Casualty and Specialty segment combined ratio in the third quarter of 2024 of 3.1 percentage points to 100.1 was primarily driven by the increase in the underwriting expense ratio of 3.2 percentage points. 
 The Casualty and Specialty segment current accident year net claims and claim expense ratio decreased by 1.4 percentage points to 65.8 compared to the third quarter of 2023, as the comparable period was impacted by event losses on catastrophe exposed lines within the other specialty class of business. During the third quarter of 2024, our Casualty and Specialty segment also experienced net favorable development on prior accident years net claims and claim expenses of 0.8 million or 0.1 percentage points, compared to 14.1 million or 1.4 percentage points during the third quarter of 2023. The net favorable development was principally driven by reported losses generally coming in lower than expected on attritional net claims and claim expenses from the other specialty and credit classes of business. 
 See Note 6. Reserve for Claims and Claim Expenses in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the prior year development of net claims and claim expenses. 
 The increase in the underwriting expense ratio of 3.2 percentage points was driven by a 3.0 percentage point increase in the acquisition expense ratio, primarily due to the impact of Validus integration-related activities and purchase accounting adjustments, which collectively added 2.6 percentage points to the acquisition expense ratio in the third quarter of 2024. The acquisition expense ratio in the third quarter of 2024 was also impacted by changes in estimated variable commission costs. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, Casualty and Specialty segment underwriting income was reduced by total purchase accounting adjustments of 37.5 million, which added 2.4 percentage points to the Casualty and Specialty segment combined ratio. 
 Our relative mix of business between proportional business and excess of loss business has fluctuated in the past and will likely continue to do so in the future. Proportional business, which represents the majority of our Casualty and Specialty segment business, typically has a higher expense ratio and tends to be exposed to more attritional and frequent losses, while being subject to less expected severity compared to traditional excess of loss business. 
 70 

Fee Income 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Management Fee Income Joint ventures 
 40,583 31,463 9,120 Structured reinsurance products and other 
 7,299 7,053 246 Managed funds 
 7,063 5,970 1,093 Total management fee income 
 54,945 44,486 10,459 Performance Fee Income Joint ventures 
 17,188 17,152 36 Structured reinsurance products and other 
 3,269 2,854 415 Managed funds 
 6,663 66 6,597 Total performance fee income 
 27,120 20,072 7,048 Total fee income 
 82,065 64,558 17,507 
 The table above shows total fee income earned through third-party capital management activities, including various joint ventures, managed funds and certain structured retrocession agreements to which we are a party. Performance fees are based on the performance of the individual vehicles or products and may be zero or negative in a particular period if, for example, large losses occur, which can potentially result in no performance fees or the reversal of previously accrued performance fees. Joint ventures include DaVinci, Top Layer, Vermeer, and Fontana. Managed funds include Upsilon Fund and Medici, as well as fee income earned by AlphaCat Managers, which was acquired as part of the Validus Acquisition. Structured reinsurance products and other includes certain reinsurance contracts and certain other vehicles through which we transfer risk to third-party capital. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, total fee income earned through third-party capital management activities increased 17.5 million, to 82.1 million, compared to 64.6 million in the third quarter of 2023, due to higher management and performance fee income. 
 Management fee income increased 10.5 million compared to the third quarter of 2023, driven by increased capital managed at DaVinci and Fontana, as well as the addition of fees earned by AlphaCat Managers. 
 Performance fee income increased 7.0 million compared to the third quarter of 2023, driven by improved underwriting results and favorable development on prior year events, primarily in Upsilon RFO. 
 The fees earned through third-party capital management activities are principally recorded through redeemable noncontrolling interest, or as an increase to underwriting income through a decrease in operational expenses or acquisition expenses. Below is a summary of the impact of fee income on our consolidated results of operations. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Underwriting income (loss) - fee income on third-party capital management activities (1) 
 12,345 6,873 5,472 Equity in earnings (losses) of other ventures 
 (446) 446 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 69,720 58,131 11,589 Total fee income 82,065 64,558 17,507 
 (1) Reflects total fee income earned through third-party capital management activities recorded through underwriting income (loss) as a decrease (increase) to operational expenses or acquisition expenses. The 12.3 million includes 11.6 million of management fee income, recorded as a reduction to operational expenses and 0.7 million of performance fee income recorded as a reduction to acquisition expenses (2023 - 6.9 million, 10.9 million and an increase of 4.0 million, respectively). 
 In addition to the 12.3 million of fee income earned through our third-party capital management activities that was recorded through underwriting income (loss), as detailed above, we also earn additional fee 
 71 

income on certain other underwriting-related activities. These fees, in the aggregate, are recorded as a reduction to operational expenses or acquisition expenses, as applicable. The total fees recorded through underwriting income (loss) are detailed in the table below. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Underwriting income (loss) - fee income on third-party capital management activities 12,345 6,873 5,472 Underwriting income (loss) - additional fee income on other underwriting-related activities 15,216 21,564 (6,348) Total fee income recorded through underwriting income (loss) (1) 
 27,561 28,437 (876) Impact of Total fee income recorded through underwriting income (loss) on the combined ratio 
 1.1 1.6 (0.5) pts 
 (1) The 27.6 million includes 29.2 million of management fee income, recorded as a reduction to operational expenses and 1.7 million of performance fee income recorded as an increase to acquisition expenses (2023 - 28.4 million, 27.3 million and a reduction of 1.1 million, respectively). 
 Net Investment Income 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Fixed maturity investments trading 289,687 188,781 100,906 Short term investments 46,746 66,722 (19,976) Equity investments 670 510 160 Other investments Catastrophe bonds 61,175 54,583 6,592 Other 20,937 20,031 906 Cash and cash equivalents 10,226 4,160 6,066 429,441 334,787 94,654 Investment expenses (5,582) (5,679) 97 Net investment income 423,859 329,108 94,751 
 Net investment income was 423.9 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 329.1 million in the third quarter of 2023, an increase of 94.8 million. This increase was driven by a combination of higher average invested assets, primarily resulting from the Validus Acquisition, and higher yielding assets in the fixed maturity investments portfolio. 
 72 

Net Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Net realized gains (losses) on fixed maturity investments trading 22,052 (121,112) 143,164 Net unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity investments trading 590,309 (158,226) 748,535 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity investments trading 612,361 (279,338) 891,699 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investment-related derivatives (1) 
 97,534 30,594 66,940 Net realized gains (losses) on equity investments 340 (10) 350 Net unrealized gains (losses) on equity investments 18,778 2,261 16,517 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity investments 19,118 2,251 16,867 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on other investments - catastrophe bonds 66,291 32,474 33,817 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on other investments - other 148,441 (14,068) 162,509 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments 943,745 (228,087) 1,171,832 
 (1) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investment-related derivatives includes fixed maturity investments related derivatives (interest rate futures and credit default swaps), equity investments related derivatives (equity futures) and commodity investments related derivatives (commodity futures and commodity options). See Note 13. Derivative Instruments in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 We structure our investment portfolio to emphasize the preservation of capital and the availability of liquidity to meet our claims obligations, to be well diversified across market sectors, and to generate relatively attractive returns on a risk-adjusted basis over time. A large majority of our investments are invested in the fixed income markets and, therefore, our realized and unrealized holding gains and losses on investments are highly correlated to fluctuations in interest rates. As interest rates decline, we will tend to have realized and unrealized gains from our investment portfolio, and as interest rates rise, we will tend to have realized and unrealized losses from our investment portfolio. 
 Net realized and unrealized gains on investments were 943.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to net realized and unrealized losses of 228.1 million in the third quarter of 2023. Principally impacting our net realized and unrealized gains on investments in the third quarter of 2024 were: 
 net realized and unrealized gains on our fixed maturity investments trading portfolio of 612.4 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to net realized and unrealized losses of 279.3 million in the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to decreases in interest rates in the third quarter of 2024 compared to interest rate increases in the third quarter of 2023; 
 net realized and unrealized gains on other investments of 148.4 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to net realized and unrealized losses of 14.1 million in the third quarter of 2023, primarily driven by an increase in the value of our investment in TWFG as a result of their initial public offering in the third quarter of 2024; 
 net realized and unrealized gains on investment-related derivatives of 97.5 million in the third quarter of 2024, primarily as a result of the impact of the interest rate movements noted above on interest rate futures, and commodity price movements favorably impacting commodity futures, compared to net realized and unrealized gains of 30.6 million in the third quarter of 2023, driven by short interest rate future positions benefiting from interest rate increases; and 
 net realized and unrealized gains on catastrophe bonds of 66.3 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to net realized and unrealized gains of 32.5 million in the third quarter of 2023, which was reflective of changes in risk spreads in the wider catastrophe bond market in both periods. The net realized and unrealized gains are primarily reflected in the Medici portfolio, and are predominantly attributable to third-party investors and allocated through net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest. 
 73 

Net Foreign Exchange Gains (Losses) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Net foreign exchange gains (losses) 16,804 (25,886) 42,690 
 Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar. We routinely write a portion of our business in currencies other than U.S. dollars and invest a portion of our cash and investment portfolio in those currencies. We are primarily impacted by foreign currency exposures associated with our underwriting operations and our investment portfolio, and may, from time to time, enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts to minimize the effect of fluctuating foreign currencies on the value of non-U.S. dollar denominated assets and liabilities. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, net foreign exchange gains were 16.8 million compared to net foreign exchange losses of 25.9 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase in net foreign exchange gains in the third quarter of 2024 is primarily driven by higher gains attributable to third-party investors in Medici in the current period, which are allocated through net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest, in addition to the impact of certain foreign exchange exposures related to our underwriting activities. 
 Refer to Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information related to our exposure to foreign currency risk and Note 13. Derivative Instruments in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to foreign currency forward and option contracts we have entered into. 
 Equity in Earnings (Losses) of Other Ventures 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Equity in earnings (losses) of other ventures 
 5,718 10,842 (5,124) 
 Equity in earnings of other ventures represents our pro-rata share of the net income from our investments in a select group of insurance and insurance-related companies, including the Tower Hill Companies and Top Layer. Except for Top Layer, which is recorded on a current quarter basis, equity in earnings of other ventures is recorded one quarter in arrears. The carrying value of these investments on our consolidated balance sheets, individually or in the aggregate, may differ from the realized value we may ultimately attain, perhaps significantly so. 
 Corporate Expenses 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Corporate expenses 
 26,078 17,143 8,935 
 Corporate expenses include certain executive, director, legal and consulting expenses, costs for research and development, and other miscellaneous costs, including those associated with operating as a publicly traded company, as well as costs incurred in connection with the Validus Acquisition. From time to time, we may revise the allocation of certain expenses between corporate and operational expenses to better reflect the characteristic of the underlying expense. 
 Corporate expenses were 26.1 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 17.1 million in the third quarter of 2023, an increase of 8.9 million, which was primarily driven by 8.3 million of expenses associated with the Validus Acquisition, compared to 3.4 million in the comparative quarter. We expect to incur additional costs and expenses associated with the Validus Acquisition. These additional non-recurring costs may be significant, and it is possible that our ultimate costs will exceed our current estimates. 
 74 

Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Income tax benefit (expense) (102,012) (9,295) (92,717) 
 We recognized an income tax expense of 102.0 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 9.3 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase in income tax expense was primarily driven by increased income in the Company s U.S. operations. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Redeemable noncontrolling interest - DaVinci 223,288 107,881 115,407 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - Vermeer 73,534 51,959 21,575 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - Medici 123,497 60,022 63,475 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - Fontana 29,857 (6,167) 36,024 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 450,176 213,695 236,481 
 Our net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests was 450.2 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 213.7 million in the third quarter of 2023, an increase of 236.5 million. This increase was primarily due to the following: 
 DaVinci, which had an increase in net income in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily resulting from strong underwriting results and an increase in total investment result; 
 Vermeer, which had an increase in net income in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily resulting from strong underwriting results; 
 Medici, which had an increase in net income in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily resulting from realized and unrealized gains on its catastrophe bond portfolio, in addition to increased net investment income; and 
 Fontana, which had net income in the third quarter of 2024 compared to a net loss in the third quarter of 2023, primarily resulting from improved total investment result. 
 Refer to Note 8. Noncontrolling Interests in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our redeemable noncontrolling interests. 
 75 

SUMMARY OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Below is a discussion of the results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands, except per share amounts and percentages) Statement of operations highlights Gross premiums written 
 9,816,315 7,060,325 2,755,990 Net premiums written 
 8,200,588 5,880,766 2,319,822 Net premiums earned 
 7,568,194 5,221,688 2,346,506 Net claims and claim expenses incurred 
 3,849,239 2,593,987 1,255,252 Acquisition expenses 
 1,965,697 1,280,547 685,150 Operational expenses 
 339,484 240,716 98,768 Underwriting income (loss) 1,413,774 1,106,438 307,336 Net investment income 
 1,225,479 876,148 349,331 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments 602,507 (171,417) 773,924 Total investment result 
 1,827,986 704,731 1,123,255 Net income (loss) 2,979,753 1,631,592 1,348,161 Net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders 2,033,488 949,075 1,084,413 Net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders per common share diluted 38.84 20.13 18.71 Dividends per common share 
 1.17 1.14 0.03 Key ratios Net claims and claim expense ratio current accident year 
 57.4 55.3 2.1 pts Net claims and claim expense ratio prior accident years 
 (6.5) (5.6) (0.9) pts Net claims and claim expense ratio calendar year 50.9 49.7 1.2 pts Underwriting expense ratio 30.4 29.1 1.3 pts Combined ratio 81.3 78.8 2.5 pts Return on average common equity - annualized 28.8 22.1 6.7 pts Book value September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Book value per common share 
 202.01 165.20 36.81 Accumulated dividends per common share 
 27.69 26.52 1.17 Book value per common share plus accumulated dividends 
 229.70 191.72 37.98 Change in book value per common share plus change in accumulated dividends 
 23.0 
 76 

Net income available to RenaissanceRe common shareholders was 2.0 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 949.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As a result of our net income available to RenaissanceRe common shareholders in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we generated an annualized return on average common equity of 28.8 and our book value per common share increased from 165.20 at December 31, 2023 to 202.01 at September 30, 2024, a 23.0 increase, after considering the change in accumulated dividends paid to our common shareholders. 
 The most significant items affecting our financial performance during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, on a comparative basis to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, include: 
 Underwriting Results - we generated underwriting income of 1.4 billion and had a combined ratio of 81.3 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to underwriting income of 1.1 billion and a combined ratio of 78.8 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our underwriting income in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was comprised of our Property segment, which generated underwriting income of 1.4 billion and had a combined ratio of 52.6 , and our Casualty and Specialty segment, which generated underwriting income of 33.0 million and had a combined ratio of 99.3 . In comparison, our underwriting income in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was comprised of our Property segment, which generated underwriting income of 935.7 million and had a combined ratio of 57.6 , and our Casualty and Specialty segment, which generated underwriting income of 170.7 million and had a combined ratio of 94.3 ; 
 Included in our underwriting results in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was the impact of the 2024 Large Loss Events, which resulted in a net negative impact on the underwriting result of 456.3 million and added 6.3 percentage points to the consolidated combined ratio. In comparison, our underwriting results in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were impacted by the 2023 Large Loss Events, which resulted in a net negative impact on the underwriting result of 253.6 million and added 5.0 percentage points to the combined ratio, all within in our Property segment; 
 Gross Premiums Written - our gross premiums written increased by 2.8 billion, or 39.0 , to 9.8 billion, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was comprised of an increase of 1.5 billion in our Casualty and Specialty segment and an increase of 1.2 billion in our Property segment, both primarily driven by the renewal of business acquired in the Validus Acquisition, in conjunction with the retention of legacy lines; 
 Investment Results - our total investment result, which includes the sum of net investment income and net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments, was income of 1.8 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 704.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 1.1 billion. The primary drivers of the higher total investment result include an increase of 773.9 million in net realized and unrealized gains on investments and an increase in net investment income of 349.3 million. The increase in net realized and unrealized gains was principally due to higher net realized and unrealized gains on fixed maturity investments of 605.6 million, driven by decreases in interest rates during 2024 compared to increases in interest rates in 2023. The increase in net investment income was due to a combination of higher average invested assets, primarily resulting from the Validus Acquisition, and higher yielding assets in the fixed maturity investments portfolio; 
 Net Income Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests - our net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests was 919.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 656.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The higher net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by strong underwriting income generated by DaVinci and Vermeer, an increase in net realized and unrealized gains on investments and an increase in net investment income. The increase in net realized and unrealized gains on investments was primarily due to the decrease in interest rates during 2024 discussed above, compared to increases in interest rates in 2023. The increase in net investment income was primarily due to higher average invested assets and higher yielding assets within the investment portfolios of our joint ventures and managed funds; 
 Impact of Large Loss Events - we had a net negative impact on net income available to RenaissanceRe common shareholders of 354.3 million resulting from the 2024 Large Loss Events. This compares to a net negative impact on net income available to RenaissanceRe common shareholders of 180.0 million resulting from the 2023 Large Loss Events. 
 77 

2024 Net Negative Impact 
 The financial data below provides additional information detailing the net negative impact of the 2024 Large Loss Events on our segment underwriting results and consolidated combined ratio in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Hurricane Helene 
 Other 2024 Large Loss Events (1) 
 2024 Large Loss Events (1) 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Net negative impact on Property segment underwriting result (147,847) (242,356) (390,203) Net negative impact on Casualty and Specialty segment underwriting result (66,132) (66,132) Net negative impact on underwriting result (147,847) (308,488) (456,335) Percentage point impact on consolidated combined ratio 2.0 4.3 6.3 
 The financial data below provides additional information detailing the net negative impact on our consolidated financial statements in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of the 2024 Large Loss Events. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Hurricane Helene 
 Other 2024 Large Loss Events (1) 
 2024 Large Loss Events (2) 
 (in thousands) Net claims and claims expenses incurred (181,065) (350,409) (531,474) Assumed reinstatement premiums earned 39,027 48,829 87,856 Ceded reinstatement premiums earned (1,009) (10,048) (11,057) Earned (lost) profit commissions (4,800) 3,140 (1,660) Net negative impact on underwriting result (147,847) (308,488) (456,335) Redeemable noncontrolling interest 22,637 79,408 102,045 Net negative impact on net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders (125,210) (229,080) (354,290) 
 (1) Other 2024 Large Loss Events includes: the Baltimore Bridge Collapse; a series of severe convective storms that impacted the Southern and Midwest United States; the Hualien earthquake which impacted Taiwan in April 2024; a severe hailstorm which impacted Calgary in August 2024, Hurricane Debby, Hurricane Beryl, and certain aggregate loss contracts triggered during 2024. 
 (2) 2024 Large Loss Events includes: Hurricane Helene, and the Other 2024 Large Loss Events. 
 
 78 

2023 Net Negative Impact 
 The financial data below provides additional information detailing the net negative impact of the 2023 Large Loss Events on our segment underwriting results and consolidated combined ratio in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 2023 Large Loss Events 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Net negative impact on Property segment underwriting result (253,630) Net negative impact on Casualty and Specialty segment underwriting result Net negative impact on underwriting result (253,630) Percentage point impact on consolidated combined ratio 5.0 
 The financial data below provides additional information detailing the net negative impact on our consolidated financial statements in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of the 2023 Large Loss Events. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 2023 Large Loss Events 
 (in thousands) Net claims and claims expenses incurred (298,114) Assumed reinstatement premiums earned 39,135 Ceded reinstatement premiums earned Earned (lost) profit commissions 5,349 Net negative impact on underwriting result (253,630) Redeemable noncontrolling interest 73,663 Net negative impact on net income (loss) available (attributable) to RenaissanceRe common shareholders (179,967) 

79 

Underwriting Results by Segment 
 Property Segment 
 Below is a summary of the underwriting results and ratios for our Property segment: 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands, except percentages) Gross premiums written 4,433,688 3,217,817 1,215,871 Net premiums written 3,457,500 2,609,356 848,144 Net premiums earned 2,911,694 2,206,471 705,223 Net claims and claim expenses incurred 757,570 675,963 81,607 Acquisition expenses 566,566 429,273 137,293 Operational expenses 206,737 165,514 41,223 Underwriting income (loss) 1,380,821 935,721 445,100 Net claims and claim expenses incurred current accident year 
 1,228,371 933,172 295,199 Net claims and claim expenses incurred prior accident years 
 (470,801) (257,209) (213,592) Net claims and claim expenses incurred total 
 757,570 675,963 81,607 Net claims and claim expense ratio current accident year 
 42.2 42.3 (0.1) pts Net claims and claim expense ratio prior accident years 
 (16.2) (11.7) (4.5) pts Net claims and claim expense ratio calendar year 
 26.0 30.6 (4.6) pts Underwriting expense ratio 
 26.6 27.0 (0.4) pts Combined ratio 
 52.6 57.6 (5.0) pts 
 Property Gross Premiums Written 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our Property segment gross premiums written increased by 1.2 billion, or 37.8 , to 4.4 billion, compared to 3.2 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Gross premiums written in the catastrophe class of business were 2.9 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 858.5 million, or 41.1 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was principally driven by the renewal of business acquired in the Validus Acquisition, in conjunction with the retention of legacy lines, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Gross premiums written in the other property class of business were 1.5 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 357.4 million, or 31.7 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross premiums written in the other property class of business was principally due to the renewal of business acquired in the Validus Acquisition and organic growth in both our catastrophe and non-catastrophe exposed business. 
 Property Ceded Premiums Written 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Ceded premiums written 976,188 608,461 367,727 
 Ceded premiums written in our Property segment increased 60.4 , to 976.2 million, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 608.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 80 

The increase in ceded purchases reflects our larger portfolio resulting from the Validus Acquisition and organic growth, as well as increased utilization of Upsilon, as part of our gross-to-net strategy. 
 Property Net Premiums Written 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Net premiums written 3,457,500 2,609,356 848,144 
 Net premiums written in our Property segment were 3.5 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 848.1 million, or 32.5 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, consistent with the changes in gross premiums written discussed above, partially offset by an increase in ceded premiums written as part of our gross-to-net strategy. 
 Property Underwriting Results 
 Our Property segment generated underwriting income of 1.4 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 935.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase in underwriting income of 445.1 million. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our Property segment generated a net claims and claim expense ratio of 26.0 , an underwriting expense ratio of 26.6 and a combined ratio of 52.6 , compared to 30.6 , 27.0 and 57.6 , respectively, in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Impacting the Property segment underwriting result and combined ratio in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were the 2024 Large Loss Events, which resulted in a net negative impact on the Property segment underwriting result of 390.2 million and added 15.0 percentage points to its combined ratio. In comparison, the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was impacted by the 2023 Large Loss Events, which resulted in a net negative impact on the Property segment underwriting result of 253.6 million and added 12.5 percentage points to its combined ratio. 
 The net claims and claim expense ratio of 26.0 was comprised of a current accident year net claims and claim expense ratio of 42.2 and 16.2 percentage points of net favorable development on prior accident years. In comparison, the nine months ended September 30, 2023 had a net claims and claim expense ratio of 30.6 , comprised of a current accident year net claims and claim expense ratio of 42.3 and 11.7 percentage points of net favorable development on prior accident years. Included in the current accident year net claims and claim expense ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is a 15.1 percentage point impact from the 2024 Large Loss Events. This compares to an impact of 13.0 percentage points for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 from the 2023 Large Loss Events. Principally impacting the 4.6 percentage point reduction in the net claims and claim expense ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is an increase in the net favorable development on prior accident years. 
 See Note 6. Reserve for Claims and Claim Expenses in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the development of prior accident years net claims and claim expenses. 
 The underwriting expense ratio decreased 0.4 percentage points, driven by a 0.4 percentage point decrease in the operating expense ratio primarily due to an increase in net premiums earned. In addition, the acquisition expense ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes 2.0 percentage points of purchase accounting adjustments relating to the Validus Acquisition, which was offset by changes in the mix of business as a result of continued relative growth in the catastrophe class of business, which has a lower acquisition expense ratio than the other property class of business. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Property segment underwriting income was reduced by total purchase accounting adjustments of 67.0 million, which added 2.4 percentage points to the Property segment combined ratio. 
 81 

Casualty and Specialty Segment 
 Below is a summary of the underwriting results and ratios for our Casualty and Specialty segment: 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands, except percentages) Gross premiums written 5,382,627 3,842,508 1,540,119 Net premiums written 4,743,088 3,271,410 1,471,678 Net premiums earned 4,656,500 3,015,217 1,641,283 Net claims and claim expenses incurred 3,091,669 1,918,024 1,173,645 Acquisition expenses 1,399,131 851,274 547,857 Operational expenses 132,747 75,202 57,545 Underwriting income (loss) 32,953 170,717 (137,764) Net claims and claim expenses incurred current accident year 
 3,118,726 1,955,612 1,163,114 Net claims and claim expenses incurred prior accident years 
 (27,057) (37,588) 10,531 Net claims and claim expenses incurred total 
 3,091,669 1,918,024 1,173,645 Net claims and claim expense ratio current accident year 
 67.0 64.9 2.1 pts Net claims and claim expense ratio prior accident years 
 (0.6) (1.3) 0.7 pts Net claims and claim expense ratio calendar year 
 66.4 63.6 2.8 pts Underwriting expense ratio 
 32.9 30.7 2.2 pts Combined ratio 
 99.3 94.3 5.0 pts 
 Casualty and Specialty Gross Premiums Written 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our Casualty and Specialty segment gross premiums written increased by 1.5 billion, or 40.1 , to 5.4 billion, compared to 3.8 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase is principally due to the renewal of business acquired in the Validus Acquisition, in conjunction with the retention and organic growth of legacy lines, and is primarily reflected in the other specialty, general casualty and credit classes of business, which increased 848.6 million, 544.7 million and 202.5 million, respectively, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the professional liability class of business of 55.6 million which, was driven by decreases in premium estimates on business underwritten in prior years. 
 Casualty and Specialty Ceded Premiums Written 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Ceded premiums written 639,539 571,098 68,441 
 Ceded premiums written in our Casualty and Specialty segment increased by 12.0 , to 639.5 million, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 571.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by the increase in gross premiums written subject to our retrocessional reinsurance programs, and partially offset by a decrease in amount of quota share retrocessional coverage purchased. 
 82 

Casualty and Specialty Net Premiums Written 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Net premiums written 4,743,088 3,271,410 1,471,678 
 Net premiums written in our Casualty and Specialty segment increased by 1.5 billion, or 45.0 , consistent with the changes in gross premiums written and quota share retrocessional coverage purchased as discussed above. 
 Casualty and Specialty Underwriting Results 
 Our Casualty and Specialty segment generated underwriting income of 33.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 170.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our Casualty and Specialty segment generated a net claims and claim expense ratio of 66.4 , an underwriting expense ratio of 32.9 and a combined ratio of 99.3 , compared to 63.6 , 30.7 and 94.3 , respectively, in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The increase in the Casualty and Specialty segment combined ratio in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 99.3 was principally driven by an increase of 2.8 percentage points in the net claims and claims expense ratio and an increase of 2.2 percentage points in the underwriting expense ratio. 
 The increase in the net claims and claims expense ratio was driven by higher current accident year losses, mainly as a result of losses related to the Baltimore Bridge Collapse, which added approximately 1.3 percentage points of loss, as well as two specific losses within the structured credit and transactional liability lines of business in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 our Casualty and Specialty segment also experienced net favorable development on prior accident years net claims and claim expenses of 27.1 million, or 0.6 percentage points, compared to 37.6 million, or 1.3 percentage points during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net favorable development during both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by reported losses generally coming in lower than expected on attritional net claims and claim expenses from our other specialty and credit classes of business. 
 See Note 6. Reserve for Claims and Claim Expenses in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the development of prior accident years net claims and claim expenses. 
 The increase in the underwriting expense ratio of 2.2 percentage points was primarily driven by a 1.8 percentage point increase in the acquisition expense ratio from the impact of purchase accounting adjustments. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Casualty and Specialty segment underwriting income was reduced by total purchase accounting adjustments of 116.2 million, which added 2.5 percentage points to the Casualty and Specialty segment combined ratio. 
 83 

Fee Income 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Management fee income 
 Joint ventures 
 118,786 89,774 29,012 Structured reinsurance products and other 
 21,774 20,676 1,098 Managed funds 
 25,765 18,380 7,385 Total management fee income 
 166,325 128,830 37,495 Performance fee income 
 Joint ventures 
 55,364 32,039 23,325 Structured reinsurance products and other 
 14,748 4,412 10,336 Managed funds 
 13,255 730 12,525 Total performance fee income 83,367 37,181 46,186 Total fee income 
 249,692 166,011 83,681 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total fee income earned through our third-party capital management activities increased by 83.7 million, to 249.7 million, compared to 166.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven by both higher management fee income and higher performance fee income. 
 Management fee income increased 37.5 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven by increased capital managed at DaVinci and Fontana, as well as the addition of fees earned by AlphaCat Managers. 
 Performance fee income increased 46.2 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven by current underwriting year results and favorable development on prior year events, primarily in DaVinci, Upsilon RFO, and certain structured reinsurance products. 
 The fees earned through third-party capital management activities are principally recorded through redeemable noncontrolling interest, or as an increase to underwriting income through a decrease in operational expenses or acquisition expenses. Below is a summary of the impact of fee income on the applicable financial statement line items. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Underwriting income (loss) - fee income on third-party capital management activities (1) 
 40,030 28,198 11,832 Equity in earnings (losses) of other ventures 
 (698) (1,004) 306 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 210,360 138,817 71,543 Total fee income 249,692 166,011 83,681 
 (1) Reflects total fee income earned through third-party capital management activities recorded through underwriting income (loss) as a decrease (increase) to operational expenses or acquisition expenses. The 40.0 million includes 39.6 million of management fee income, recorded as a reduction to operational expenses and 0.4 million of performance fee income recorded as a reduction to acquisition expenses (2023 - 28.2 million, 33.7 million and an increase of 5.5 million, respectively). 
 84 

In addition to the 40.0 million of fee income earned through our third-party capital management activities that was recorded through underwriting income (loss), as detailed above, we also earn additional fee income on certain other underwriting-related activities. These fees, in the aggregate, are recorded as a reduction to operational expenses or acquisition expenses, as applicable. The total fees recorded through underwriting income (loss) are detailed in the table below. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Underwriting income (loss) - fee income on third-party capital management activities 40,030 28,198 11,832 Underwriting income (loss) - additional fee income on underwriting-related activities 52,550 72,405 (19,855) Total fees recorded through underwriting income (loss) (1) 
 92,580 100,603 (8,023) Impact of total fees recorded through underwriting income (loss) on the combined ratio 1.2 1.9 (0.7) pts 
 (1) The 92.6 million includes 87.6 million of management fee income, recorded as a reduction to operational expenses and 5.0 million of performance fee income recorded as a reduction to acquisition expenses (2023 - 100.6 million, 92.8 million and 7.8 million, respectively). 
 Net Investment Income 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Fixed maturity investments trading 820,876 514,020 306,856 Short term investments 141,923 149,903 (7,980) Equity investments 
 1,819 6,675 (4,856) Other investments Catastrophe bonds 177,860 142,936 34,924 Other 59,525 65,422 (5,897) Cash and cash equivalents 40,347 13,009 27,338 1,242,350 891,965 350,385 Investment expenses (16,871) (15,817) (1,054) Net investment income 1,225,479 876,148 349,331 
 Net investment income was 1.2 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 876.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 349.3 million. This increase was driven by a combination of higher average invested assets, primarily resulting from the Validus Acquisition, and higher yielding assets in the fixed maturity investments portfolio. 
 85 

Net Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Net realized gains (losses) on fixed maturity investments trading (33,965) (300,089) 266,124 Net unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity investments trading 353,465 14,007 339,458 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity investments trading 319,500 (286,082) 605,582 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investment-related derivatives (1) 
 50,102 (22,295) 72,397 Net realized gains (losses) on equity investments 355 (27,503) 27,858 Net unrealized gains (losses) on equity investments 26,368 62,039 (35,671) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity investments 26,723 34,536 (7,813) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on other investments - catastrophe bonds 51,091 94,786 (43,695) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on other investments - other 155,091 7,638 147,453 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments 602,507 (171,417) 773,924 
 (1) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investment-related derivatives includes fixed maturity investments related derivatives (interest rate futures and credit default swaps), equity investments related derivatives (equity futures) and commodity investments related derivatives (commodity futures and commodity options). See Note 13. Derivative Instruments for additional information. 
 Net realized and unrealized gains on investments were 602.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net realized and unrealized losses of 171.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 773.9 million. Principally impacting our net realized and unrealized gains on investments in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were: 
 net realized and unrealized gains on our fixed maturity investments trading portfolio of 319.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net realized and unrealized losses of 286.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of decreases in interest rates in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to increases in interest rate in the nine months ended September 30, 2023; 
 net realized and unrealized gains on other investments of 155.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net realized and unrealized gains of 7.6 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by an increase in the value of the Company s investment in TWFG as a result of their initial public offering in the nine months ended September 30, 2024; 
 net realized and unrealized gains on investment-related derivatives of 50.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, driven by commodity price movements favorably impacting commodity futures, compared to net realized and unrealized losses of 22.3 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven by coupon payments on credit default swaps to hedge credit risk; and 
 net realized and unrealized gains on catastrophe bonds of 51.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 94.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 43.7 million. The decrease in net realized and unrealized gains were driven by a generally lower narrowing of risk spreads in the catastrophe bond market in 2024 compared to 2023. The net realized and unrealized gains are primarily reflected in the Medici portfolio, and are predominantly attributable to third-party investors and allocated through net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest. 
 86 

Net Foreign Exchange Gains (Losses) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Net foreign exchange gains (losses) (27,694) (53,877) 26,183 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net foreign exchange losses were 27.7 million compared to 53.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net foreign exchange losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023 is primarily driven by lower losses attributable to third-party investors in Medici in the current period, which are allocated through net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest, slightly offset by a higher impact of certain foreign exchange exposures related to our underwriting activities in the current period compared to the prior period. 
 Refer to Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information related to our exposure to foreign currency risk and Note 13. Derivative Instruments in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to foreign currency forward and option contracts we have entered into. 
 Equity in Earnings of Other Ventures 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Equity in earnings (losses) of other ventures 
 32,435 28,072 4,363 
 Earnings from our investments in other ventures was 32.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 28.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 4.4 million. 
 Corporate Expenses 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Corporate expenses 100,489 53,357 47,132 
 Corporate expenses increased 47.1 million to 100.5 million, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 53.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by 45.9 million of expenses associated with the Validus Acquisition, compared to 14.7 million in the comparative quarter. We expect to incur additional costs and expenses associated with the Validus Acquisition. These additional non-recurring costs may be significant, and it is possible that our ultimate costs will exceed our current estimates. 
 Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Income tax benefit (expense) (96,536) (44,139) (52,397) 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an income tax expense of 96.5 million, compared to 44.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in income tax expense was primarily driven by increased income in the Company s U.S. operations and was partially offset by a 33.7 million deferred tax benefit resulting from the merger of RREAG and Validus Switzerland which was successfully completed in the second quarter of 2024. 
 87 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Redeemable noncontrolling interest - DaVinci 523,812 333,490 190,322 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - Vermeer 183,129 151,527 31,602 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - Medici 183,015 167,281 15,734 Redeemable noncontrolling interest - Fontana 29,778 3,688 26,090 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 919,734 655,986 263,748 
 Our net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests was 919.7 million compared to 656.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 263.7 million. The increase was primarily driven by the following: 
 DaVinci, which had higher net income in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily resulting from improved underwriting results and higher total investment results; 
 Vermeer, which had higher net income in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily resulting from improved underwriting results in the nine months ended September 30, 2024; 
 Medici, which had higher net income in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to higher net realized and unrealized gains on its catastrophe bond portfolio and increased net investment income in the current period, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023; and 
 Fontana, which had higher net income in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily resulting from an increase in net realized and unrealized gains on its investments, in addition to higher net investment income in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 88 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Financial Condition 
 As a Bermuda-domiciled holding company, RenaissanceRe has limited operations of its own. Its assets consist primarily of investments in subsidiaries and cash and securities in amounts which fluctuate over time. We therefore rely on dividends and distributions (and other statutorily permissible payments) from our subsidiaries, investment income and fee income to meet our liquidity requirements, which primarily include making principal and interest payments on our debt and dividend payments to our preference and common shareholders. 
 The payment of dividends by our subsidiaries is, under certain circumstances, limited by the applicable laws and regulations in the various jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries operate. In addition, insurance laws require our insurance subsidiaries to maintain certain measures of solvency and liquidity. We believe that each of our insurance subsidiaries and branches exceeded the minimum solvency, capital and surplus requirements in their applicable jurisdictions at September 30, 2024. Certain of our subsidiaries and branches are required to file FCRs with their regulators, which provide details on solvency and financial performance. Where required, these FCRs will be posted on our website. The regulations governing our and our principal operating subsidiaries ability to pay dividends and to maintain certain measures of solvency and liquidity, and requirements to file FCRs are discussed in detail in Part I, Item 1. Business, Regulation and Note 18. Statutory Requirements in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and Cash Flows 
 Holding Company Liquidity 
 RenaissanceRe s principal uses of liquidity are: (1) common share related transactions including dividend payments to our common shareholders and common share repurchases, (2) preference share related transactions including dividend payments to our preference shareholders and preference share redemptions, (3) interest and principal payments on debt, (4) capital investments in our subsidiaries, (5) acquisition of, or investments in, new or existing companies or books of business of other companies, such as the Validus Acquisition, and (6) certain corporate and operational expenses. 
 We attempt to structure our organization in a way that facilitates efficient capital movements between RenaissanceRe and our operating subsidiaries and to ensure that adequate liquidity is available when required, giving consideration to applicable laws and regulations, and the domiciliary location of sources of liquidity and related obligations. For example, our internal investment structures and cash pooling arrangements among RenaissanceRe and certain of our subsidiaries help to efficiently facilitate capital and liquidity movements. 
 In the aggregate, our principal operating subsidiaries have historically produced sufficient cash flows to meet their expected claims payments and operational expenses and to provide dividend payments to us. In addition, our subsidiaries maintain a concentration of investments in high-quality liquid securities, which management believes will provide additional liquidity for extraordinary claims payments should the need arise. In 2024, we received significant distributions of capital from many of our principal operating subsidiaries, both in the ordinary course and in connection with the integration of Validus and streamlining of our corporate structure following the Validus Acquisition. For example, we received dividends from Validus Re, Renaissance Reinsurance and RREAG, following the merger of Validus Switzerland and RREAG in June 2024 and in connection with the amalgamation of Validus Re and Renaissance Reinsurance in October 2024. 
 However, in some circumstances, RenaissanceRe may determine it is necessary or advisable to contribute capital to our subsidiaries or may be contractually required to contribute capital to our subsidiaries, joint ventures or managed funds. For example, in 2023, RenaissanceRe contributed capital to RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S. to support growth in premiums. In addition, from time to time we invest in new managed joint ventures or managed funds, increase our investments in certain of our managed joint ventures or managed funds and contribute cash to investment subsidiaries, such as the launch of Fontana in 2022. Examples of our contractual requirements to make capital contributions to our subsidiaries or joint ventures or managed funds include our net worth maintenance agreements with certain operating subsidiaries and Renaissance 
 89 

Reinsurance s obligation to make a mandatory capital contribution of up to 50.0 million in the event that a loss reduces Top Layer s capital below a specified level. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Historically, cash receipts from operations, consisting primarily of premiums, investment income and fee income, have provided sufficient funds to pay the losses and operational expenses incurred by our subsidiaries and to fund dividends and distributions to RenaissanceRe. Other potential sources of liquidity include borrowings under our credit facilities and issuances of securities. 
 The premiums received by our operating subsidiaries are generally received months or even years before losses are paid under the policies related to such premiums. Premiums and acquisition expenses generally are received within the first two years of inception of a contract, while operational expenses are generally paid within a year of being incurred. It generally takes much longer for net claims and claims expenses incurred to be reported and ultimately settled, requiring the establishment of reserves for claims and claim expenses and losses recoverable. Therefore, the amount of net claims paid in any one year is not necessarily related to the amount of net claims and claims expenses incurred in that year, as reported in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 We expect that our liquidity needs for the next 12 months will be met by our cash receipts from operations. However, as a result of a combination of market conditions, turnover of our investment portfolios and changes in investment yields, and the nature of our business where a large portion of the coverages we provide can produce losses of high severity and low frequency, future cash flows from operating activities cannot be accurately predicted and may fluctuate significantly between individual quarters and years. In addition, due to the magnitude and complexity of certain large loss events, meaningful uncertainty remains regarding losses from these events and our actual ultimate net losses from these events may vary materially from preliminary estimates, which would impact our cash flows from operations. 
 Our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act allows for the public offering of various types of securities, including common shares, preference shares and debt securities, which provides a source of liquidity. Because we are a well-known seasoned issuer as defined by the rules promulgated under the Securities Act, we are also eligible to file additional automatically effective registration statements on Form S-3 in the future for the potential offering and sale of additional debt and equity securities. 
 From time to time, we raise capital through public offerings pursuant to our registration statements. For example, in 2023, we completed an offering of common shares and an issuance of senior notes, for total net proceeds of approximately 2.1 billion to fund a portion of the cash consideration for the Validus Acquisition, to pay related costs and expenses, and for general corporate purposes. 
 Credit Facilities, Trusts and Other Collateral Arrangements 
 We also maintain various other arrangements that allow us to access liquidity and satisfy collateral requirements, including revolving credit facilities, letter of credit facilities, and regulatory trusts, as well as other types of trust and collateral arrangements. Regulatory and other requirements to post collateral to support our reinsurance obligations could impact our liquidity. For example, many jurisdictions in the U.S. do not permit insurance companies to take credit for reinsurance obtained from unlicensed or non-admitted insurers on their statutory financial statements unless security is posted, so our contracts generally require us to post a letter of credit or provide other security (such as through a multi-beneficiary reinsurance trust). However, certain of our subsidiaries qualify as certified reinsurers or reciprocal reinsurers in one or more U.S. states, which has, and may continue to, reduce the amount of collateral that we are required to post. In addition, if we were to fail to comply with certain covenants in our debt agreements, we may have to pledge additional collateral. 
 90 

Letter of Credit and Revolving Credit Facilities 
 We and certain of our subsidiaries, joint ventures, and managed funds maintain secured and unsecured revolving credit facilities and letter of credit facilities that provide liquidity and allow us to satisfy certain collateral requirements. The outstanding amounts drawn under each of our significant credit facilities are set forth below: 
 At September 30, 2024 Issued or Drawn (in thousands) Revolving Credit Facility (1) 
 Medici Revolving Credit Facility (2) 
 50,000 Bilateral Letter of Credit Facilities 
 Secured 
 393,190 Unsecured 
 517,432 Funds at Lloyd s Letter of Credit Facility 
 225,000 1,185,622 
 (1) At September 30, 2024, no amounts were issued or drawn under this facility. 
 (2) RenaissanceRe owns a noncontrolling economic interest in Medici. Because RenaissanceRe controls all of Medici s outstanding voting rights, the financial statements of Medici are included in RenaissanceRe s consolidated financial statements. However, RenaissanceRe does not guarantee or provide credit support for Medici, and RenaissanceRe s financial exposure to Medici is limited to its investment in Medici s shares and counterparty credit risk arising from reinsurance transactions. The drawn amount of the Medici revolving credit facility is included on the Company s consolidated balance sheets under debt. 
 Refer to Note 7. Debt and Credit Facilities and Note 15. Subsequent Events in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to our significant debt and credit facilities. 
 Funds at Lloyd s 
 As a member of Lloyd s, the underwriting capacity, or stamp capacity, of Syndicate 1458 is required to be supported by providing a deposit, the FAL, in the form of cash, securities or letters of credit. At September 30, 2024, the FAL required to support the underwriting activities at Lloyd s through Syndicate 1458 was 659.3 million (December 31, 2023 - 730.9 million). Actual FAL posted for Syndicate 1458 at September 30, 2024 by RenaissanceRe Corporate Capital (UK) Limited was 970.1 million (December 31, 2023 - 935.8 million), supported by a 225.0 million letter of credit and a 745.1 million deposit of cash and fixed maturity securities (December 31, 2023 - 225.0 million and 710.8 million, respectively). Refer to Note 7. Debt and Credit Facilities and Note 15. Subsequent Events in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to this letter of credit facility. 
 Multi-Beneficiary Reinsurance Trusts, Multi-Beneficiary Reduced Collateral Reinsurance Trusts 
 Renaissance Reinsurance, DaVinci Reinsurance, RREAG, and Validus Re, use multi-beneficiary reinsurance trusts and/or multi-beneficiary reduced collateral reinsurance trusts to collateralize reinsurance liabilities. As of September 30, 2024, all of these trusts were funded in accordance with the relevant regulatory thresholds. However, assets held in these trusts have in the past, and may in the future, exceed the amount required under U.S. state regulations. 
 
 Refer to Note 18. Statutory Requirements in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information on our multi-beneficiary reinsurance trusts and multi-beneficiary reduced collateral reinsurance trusts. 
 91 

The following table summarizes the assets held under trust and minimum amount required pursuant to U.S. state regulations in the multi-beneficiary reinsurance trusts. 
 At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Assets held under trust 
 Minimum amount required 
 Assets held under trust 
 Minimum amount required 
 Renaissance Reinsurance 336,949 239,984 584,708 381,497 DaVinci Reinsurance 182,121 48,044 174,352 114,203 Validus Re 627,698 388,043 625,100 529,149 RREAG, as successor in interest to Validus Switzerland 
 1,506,754 1,253,573 1,342,339 1,298,712 
 The following table summarizes the assets held under trust and minimum amount required pursuant to U.S. state regulations in the reduced collateral reinsurance trusts. 
 At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Assets held under trust 
 Minimum amount required 
 Assets held under trust 
 Minimum amount required 
 Renaissance Reinsurance 202,290 103,017 193,922 129,380 DaVinci Reinsurance 224,402 99,321 215,560 125,184 RREAG 111,101 70,425 103,632 75,380 
 Contractual Obligations 
 In assessing our liquidity requirements and cash needs, we also consider contractual obligations to which we are a party. These contractual obligations are summarized in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, there were no material changes in our contractual obligations as disclosed in the table of contractual obligations and related footnotes included in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Cash Flows 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 3,385,906 1,399,139 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (2,780,542) (3,509,127) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (911,495) 2,104,136 Effect of exchange rate changes on foreign currency cash 1,524 7,397 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (304,607) 1,545 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 1,877,518 1,194,339 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 1,572,911 1,195,884 
 2024 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents decreased by 304.6 million, to 1.6 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.9 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 3.4 billion, compared to 1.4 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash flows provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily the result of certain adjustments to reconcile our net income of 3.0 billion to net cash provided by operating activities, including: 
 an increase in unearned premiums of 905.0 million due to the increase in gross premiums written across both our Property and Casualty and Specialty segments; 
 92 

an increase in reserve for claims and claim expenses of 734.3 million, primarily resulting from an increase in reserves in our Casualty and Specialty segment, largely driven by an increase in earned premiums due to the renewal of business acquired in the Validus Acquisition and organic growth, resulting in additional attritional reserves, partially offset by a decrease in reserves in our Property segment primarily due to paid losses and prior year favorable development; and 
 a decrease in reinsurance recoverable of 605.6 million due to prior year favorable development across the 2017 through 2022 accident years, in addition to paid recoveries; partially offset by 
 an increase in premiums receivable of 946.2 million due to the timing of receipts and an increase in our gross premiums written; 
 net realized and unrealized gains on investments of 552.4 million, primarily driven by higher net realized and unrealized gains on fixed maturity investments resulting from declining interest rates in 2024; and 
 an increase in prepaid reinsurance premiums of 272.8 million due to the increase in ceded premiums written across both our Property and Casualty and Specialty segments. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our cash flows used in investing activities were 2.8 billion, principally reflecting net purchases of fixed maturity investments trading of 2.7 billion and other investments of 380.5 million, partially offset by cash flows from net sales of short term investments of 385.7 million. The net purchases of fixed maturity investments trading and other investments was primarily funded by cash flows provided by operating activities, as described above. 
 Cash flows used in financing activities 
 Our cash flows used in financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 911.5 million, and were principally the result of: 
 net outflows of 562.3 million primarily related to net third-party redeemable noncontrolling interest share transactions in DaVinci, Medici and Vermeer; 
 common share repurchases of 215.3 million; and 
 repayment of debt of 100.0 million related to the Medici Revolving Credit Facility. 
 2023 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents decreased by 1.5 million, to 1,195.9 million at September 30, 2023, compared to 1,194.3 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were 1.4 billion, compared to 870.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2022. Cash flows provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily the result of certain adjustments to reconcile our net income of 1.6 billion to net cash provided by operating activities, including: 
 an increase in premiums receivable of 789.3 million due to the timing of receipts and an increase in our gross premiums written; 
 a decrease in reinsurance balances payable of 604.7 million, principally driven by the timing of payments related to underwriting activity and the redemption of capital from Upsilon RFO; partially offset by 
 an increase in unearned premiums of 663.4 million due to gross premiums written across both our Property and Casualty and Specialty segments; 
 a decrease in reinsurance recoverable of 457.7 million due to the decrease in recoverables associated with 2022 Weather-Related Large Losses; and 
 93 

net realized and unrealized losses on investments of 149.1 million, primarily driven by interest rate increases. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, our cash flows used in investing activities were 3.5 billion, principally reflecting net purchases of fixed maturity investments trading of 1.8 billion, short term investments of 1.8 billion, and other investments of 526.0 million, partially offset by cash flows from net sales of equity investments trading of 564.3 million. The net purchases of fixed maturity investments trading was primarily funded by cash flows provided by operating activities, as described above, and cash flows provided by the capital raised as part of our financing plan for the Validus Acquisition, as described below, whereas the net purchase of other investments during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily driven by an increased allocation to catastrophe bonds and fund investments. 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities 
 Our cash flows provided by financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were 2.1 billion, and were principally the result of: 
 the issuance of 7,245,000 of our common shares in an underwritten public offering at a public offering price of 192.00 per share. The total net proceeds from the offering were 1,351.6 million; 
 the issuance of 750.0 million of 5.750 Senior Notes due June 5, 2033, with net proceeds from the offering of 740.6 million; 
 net inflows of 143.7 million primarily related to net third-party redeemable noncontrolling interest share transactions in Medici and DaVinci; partially offset by 
 dividends paid on our common and preference shares of 55.2 million and 26.5 million, respectively; and 
 repayment of debt of 30.0 million related to the Medici Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 We monitor our capital adequacy on a regular basis and seek to adjust our capital according to the needs of our business. In particular, we require capital sufficient to meet or exceed the capital adequacy ratios established by rating agencies for maintenance of appropriate financial strength ratings, the capital adequacy tests performed by regulatory authorities and the capital requirements under our credit facilities. From time to time, rating agencies may make changes in their capital models and rating methodologies, which could increase the amount of capital required to support our ratings. We may seek to raise additional capital or return capital to our shareholders through common share repurchases and cash dividends (or a combination of such methods). In the normal course of our operations, we may from time to time evaluate additional share or debt issuances given prevailing market conditions and capital management strategies, including for our operating subsidiaries, joint ventures and managed funds. In addition, as noted above, we enter into agreements with financial institutions to obtain letter of credit facilities for the benefit of our operating subsidiaries and certain of our joint ventures and managed funds in their reinsurance and insurance business. 
 94 

Our total shareholders equity attributable to RenaissanceRe and total debt was as follows: 
 At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Change (in thousands) Common shareholders equity 10,492,584 8,704,958 1,787,626 Preference shares 750,000 750,000 Total shareholders equity attributable to RenaissanceRe 11,242,584 9,454,958 1,787,626 5.750 Senior Notes due 2033 741,831 741,124 707 3.600 Senior Notes due 2029 395,822 395,137 685 3.450 Senior Notes due 2027 298,641 298,270 371 3.700 Senior Notes due 2025 299,815 299,537 278 4.750 Senior Notes due 2025 (DaVinci) (1) 
 149,819 149,587 232 Total senior notes 1,885,928 1,883,655 2,273 Medici Revolving Credit Facility (2) 
 50,000 75,000 (25,000) Total debt 1,935,928 1,958,655 (22,727) 
 (1) RenaissanceRe owns a noncontrolling economic interest in its joint venture DaVinci. Because RenaissanceRe controls a majority of DaVinci s issued voting shares, the consolidated financial statements of DaVinci are included in the consolidated financial statements of RenaissanceRe. However, RenaissanceRe does not guarantee or provide credit support for DaVinci and RenaissanceRe s financial exposure to DaVinci is limited to its investment in DaVinci s shares and counterparty credit risk arising from reinsurance transactions. 
 (2) RenaissanceRe owns a noncontrolling economic interest in Medici. Because RenaissanceRe controls all of Medici s issued voting shares, the financial statements of Medici are included in RenaissanceRe s consolidated financial statements. However, RenaissanceRe does not guarantee or provide credit support for Medici, and RenaissanceRe s financial exposure to Medici is limited to its investment in Medici s shares and counterparty credit risk arising from reinsurance transactions. 
 Our shareholders equity attributable to RenaissanceRe increased 1.8 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 principally as a result of: 
 our comprehensive income attributable to RenaissanceRe of 2.1 billion; partially offset by 
 60.9 million and 26.5 million of dividends on our common and preference shares, respectively. 
 For additional information related to the terms of our debt and significant credit facilities, see Note 7. Debt and Credit Facilities in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q and Note 9. Debt and Credit Facilities in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. See Note 10. Shareholders Equity in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q and Note 12. Shareholders Equity in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information related to our common and preference shares. 
 95 

Reserve for Claims and Claim Expenses 
 We believe the most significant accounting judgment made by management is our estimate of claims and claim expense reserves. Claims and claim expense reserves represent estimates, including actuarial and statistical projections at a given point in time, of the ultimate settlement and administration costs for unpaid claims and claim expenses arising from the insurance and reinsurance contracts we sell. Our actual net claims and claim expenses paid will differ, perhaps materially, from the estimates reflected in our financial statements, which may adversely impact our financial condition, liquidity and capital resources. 
 Refer to Note 6. Reserve for Claims and Claim Expenses included herein and Note 8. Reserve for Claims and Claim Expenses in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for more information on the risks we insure and reinsure, the reserving techniques, assumptions and processes we follow to estimate our claims and claim expense reserves, prior year development of the reserve for claims and claim expenses, analysis of our incurred and paid claims development and claims duration information for each of our Property and Casualty and Specialty segments. In addition, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates, Claims and Claim Expense Reserves in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for more information on the reserving techniques, assumptions and processes we follow to estimate our claims and claim expense reserves, our current estimates versus our initial estimates of our claims reserves, and sensitivity analysis for each of our Property and Casualty and Specialty segments. 
 
 96 

Investments 
 
 The table below shows our invested assets: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change (in thousands, except percentages) U.S. treasuries 11,736,158 35.6 10,060,203 34.4 1,675,955 Corporate (1) 
 7,790,634 23.6 6,499,075 22.2 1,291,559 Residential mortgage-backed 1,753,318 5.3 1,420,362 4.9 332,956 Asset-backed 1,440,194 4.4 1,491,695 5.0 (51,501) Agencies 615,627 1.9 489,117 1.7 126,510 Non-U.S. government 609,355 1.8 483,576 1.7 125,779 Commercial mortgage-backed 341,899 1.0 433,080 1.5 (91,181) Total fixed maturity investments trading, at fair value 
 24,287,185 73.6 20,877,108 71.4 3,410,077 Short term investments, at fair value 4,302,991 13.0 4,604,079 15.8 (301,088) Equity investments, at fair value 133,091 0.4 106,766 0.4 26,325 Fund investments 1,982,762 6.0 1,415,804 4.9 566,958 Catastrophe bonds 1,896,075 5.7 1,942,199 6.7 (46,124) Direct private equity investments 199,039 0.6 59,905 0.2 139,134 Term loans 94,575 0.3 97,658 0.3 (3,083) Total other investments, at fair value 4,172,451 12.6 3,515,566 12.1 656,885 Investments in other ventures, under equity method 137,959 0.4 112,624 0.3 25,335 Total investments 33,033,677 100.0 29,216,143 100.0 3,817,534 
 (1) Corporate fixed maturity investments include non-U.S. government-backed corporate fixed maturity investments. 
 We structure our investment portfolio to emphasize the preservation of capital and the availability of liquidity to meet our claims obligations, to be well diversified across market sectors, and to generate relatively attractive returns on a risk-adjusted basis over time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our investments are subject to market-wide risks and fluctuations, as well as to risks inherent in particular securities. For additional information regarding our investments and the fair value measurement of our investments refer to Note 3. Investments and Note 4. Fair Value Measurements in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 As the reinsurance coverages we sell include substantial protection for damages resulting from natural and man-made catastrophes, as well as for potentially large casualty and specialty exposures, we expect, from time to time, to become liable for substantial claim payments on short notice. Accordingly, our investment portfolio as a whole is structured to seek to preserve capital and provide a high level of liquidity, which means that the large majority of our investments are highly rated fixed income securities, including U.S. treasuries, agencies, highly rated sovereign and supranational securities, high-grade corporate securities and mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. We also have an allocation to publicly traded equities reflected on our consolidated balance sheet as equity investments and an allocation to other investments (including catastrophe bonds, fund investments, term loans and direct private equity investments). 
 97 

Other Investments 
 The table below shows our portfolio of other investments: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change (in thousands) Fund investments 1,982,762 1,415,804 566,958 Catastrophe bonds 1,896,075 1,942,199 (46,124) Direct private equity investments 199,039 59,905 139,134 Term loans 94,575 97,658 (3,083) Total other investments 4,172,451 3,515,566 656,885 
 We account for our other investments at fair value in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments . The fair value of our fund investments, which include private equity funds, private credit funds and hedge funds, is recorded on our consolidated balance sheet in other investments, and is generally established on the basis of the net asset value per share (or its equivalent), determined by the managers of these investments in accordance with the applicable governing documents. Many of our fund investments are subject to restrictions on redemptions and sales which limit our ability to liquidate these investments in the short term. 
 Our fund managers and their fund administrators are generally unable to provide final fund valuations as of our current reporting date. We typically experience a reporting lag to receive a final net asset value report of one month for our hedge funds and three months for both private equity funds and private credit funds, although we have occasionally experienced delays of up to six months, particularly at year end. In circumstances where there is a reporting lag, we estimate the fair value of these funds by starting with the prior month or quarter-end fund valuation, adjusting these valuations for actual capital calls, redemptions or distributions, as well as the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and then estimating the return for the current period. This principally includes using preliminary estimates reported to us by our fund managers where available, and estimating returns based on the performance of broad market indices, or other valuation methods. Actual final fund valuations may differ, perhaps materially, from our estimates and these differences are recorded in our consolidated statement of operations in the period in which they are reported to us as a change in estimate. Due to the lag in reporting discussed above, we recorded a net loss of 12.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023), representing the difference between our estimate recorded at year end and the actual amount reported in the final net asset values provided by our fund managers in the current period. 
 Our estimate of the fair value of catastrophe bonds is based on quoted market prices, or when such prices are not available, by reference to broker or underwriter bid indications. Refer to Note 4. Fair Value Measurements in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the fair value measurement of our investments. 
 We have committed capital to direct private equity investments, fund investments, term loans and investments in other ventures of 4.4 billion, of which 2.6 billion has been contributed at September 30, 2024 (December 31, 2023 - 3.6 billion and 2.0 billion, respectively). Our remaining commitments to these investments at September 30, 2024 totaled 1.8 billion (December 31, 2023 - 1.6 billion). In the future, we may enter into additional commitments in respect of these investments or individual portfolio company investment opportunities. 
 
 Ratings 
 Financial strength ratings are important to the competitive position of reinsurance and insurance companies. We have received high financial strength ratings from A.M. Best, S P, Moody s and Fitch. These ratings represent independent opinions of an insurer s financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet policyholder obligations, and are not an evaluation directed toward the protection of investors or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any of our securities. Certain of our entities and the senior notes and preference shares issued by them also have issuer credit ratings. Rating organizations continually review the financial positions of our principal operating subsidiaries and joint ventures and ratings may be 
 98 

revised or revoked by the agencies which issue them. Additionally, rating organizations may change their rating methodology, which could have a material impact on our ratings. 
 In addition, S P and A.M. Best assess companies ERM practices, which is an opinion on the many critical dimensions of risk that determine overall creditworthiness. RenaissanceRe has been assigned an ERM score of Very Strong from each of these agencies, which is the highest ERM score assigned. 
 The financial strength ratings of our principal operating subsidiaries and joint ventures and the ERM score of RenaissanceRe as of November 4, 2024 are presented below. 
 A.M. Best (1) S P (2) Moody s (3) Fitch (4) Renaissance Reinsurance Ltd. A+ A+ A1 A+ DaVinci Reinsurance Ltd. A A+ A3 Fontana Reinsurance Ltd. A Fontana Reinsurance U.S. Ltd. A Renaissance Reinsurance of Europe Unlimited Company A+ A+ Renaissance Reinsurance U.S. Inc. A+ A+ RenaissanceRe Europe AG A+ A+ RenaissanceRe Specialty U.S. Ltd. A+ A+ Top Layer Reinsurance Ltd. A+ AA Vermeer Reinsurance Ltd. A RenaissanceRe Syndicate 1458 Lloyd s Overall Market Rating A+ 
 AA- 
 AA- RenaissanceRe ERM Score Very Strong Very Strong 
 (1) The A.M. Best ratings for our principal operating subsidiaries and joint ventures represent the insurer s financial strength rating. The Lloyd s Overall Market Rating represents RenaissanceRe Syndicate 1458 s financial strength rating. RenaissanceRe has been assigned a Very Strong ERM score by A.M. Best. 
 (2) The S P ratings for our principal operating subsidiaries and joint ventures represent the insurer s financial strength rating. The Lloyd s Overall Market Rating represents RenaissanceRe Syndicate 1458 s financial strength rating. RenaissanceRe has been assigned a Very Strong ERM score by S P. 
 (3) The Moody s ratings represent the insurer s financial strength rating. 
 (4) The Fitch rating for Renaissance Reinsurance represents the insurer s financial strength rating. The Lloyd s Overall Market Rating represents Syndicate 1458 s financial strength rating. 
 On August 7, 2024, A.M. Best upgraded the financial strength rating of Lloyd s to A+ from A . The outlook of the rating was revised to stable from positive. A+ is the second highest designation of A.M. Best s sixteen rating levels. A+ rated insurance companies are defined as Superior companies and are considered by A.M. Best to have a very strong ability to meet their obligations to policyholders. 
 As of November 4, 2024, there were no other material changes to our ratings as disclosed in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 99 

SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 RenaissanceRe Finance, a 100 owned subsidiary of RenaissanceRe, is the issuer of certain 3.700 Senior Notes due 2025 and 3.450 Senior Notes due 2027, each of which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by RenaissanceRe. The guarantees are senior unsecured obligations of RenaissanceRe and rank equally in right of payment with all other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of RenaissanceRe, which may be outstanding from time to time. Each series of notes contain various covenants, including limitations on mergers and consolidations, and restrictions as to the disposition of, and the placing of liens on, stock of designated subsidiaries. For additional information related to the terms of our outstanding debt securities, see Note 9. Debt and Credit Facilities in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Note 7. Debt and Credit Facilities included herein. 
 The following tables present supplemental summarized financial information for RenaissanceRe and RenaissanceRe Finance, collectively the Obligor Group. Intercompany transactions among the members of the Obligor Group have been eliminated. The financial information of non-obligor subsidiaries has been excluded from the summarized financial information. In addition, assets as detailed in the table below exclude investments in subsidiaries for the Obligor Group. Significant intercompany transactions and receivable/payable balances between the Obligor Group and non-obligor subsidiaries are presented separately in the summarized financial information: 
 Summarized Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Receivables due from non-obligor subsidiaries 1,853,676 17,992 Other current assets 764,646 530,471 Total current assets 2,618,322 548,463 Goodwill and other intangibles 99,374 101,509 Loan receivable from non-obligor subsidiaries 646,262 624,152 Other noncurrent assets 4,822 39,951 Total noncurrent assets 750,458 765,612 Liabilities Payables due to non-obligor subsidiaries 19,603 137,322 Other current liabilities 55,396 87,066 Total current liabilities 74,999 224,388 Loan payable to non-obligor subsidiaries 203,318 201,380 Other noncurrent liabilities 1,838,212 1,837,360 Total noncurrent liabilities 2,041,530 2,038,740 
 100 

Summarized Statement of Operations 
 (in thousands) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Revenues Intercompany revenue with non-obligor subsidiaries 119,245 Other revenue 39,624 Total revenues 158,869 Expenses Intercompany expense with non-obligor subsidiaries 45,047 Other expense 95,059 Total expenses 140,106 Income tax benefit (expense) 2,769 Net income (loss) 21,532 Dividends on RenaissanceRe preference shares (26,531) Net income (loss) attributable to Obligor Group (4,999) 

101 

CURRENT OUTLOOK 
 Over the last 10 years, we have made key strategic decisions to build the capabilities and scale that we believe will allow us to generate superior returns in an evolving marketplace. We have diversified our sources of capital through various owned and managed balance sheets as well as equity, debt and insurance-linked securities markets. We believe that the prior planning initiatives we implemented provide the flexibility to manage large loss events and efficiently distribute capital across balance sheets. We are unique among our peers in that we have both owned and managed, and rated and fronted, vehicles across the risks that we write. Our three drivers of profit put us in a differentiated position to absorb losses while still providing efficient capacity to our customers and producing strong returns for our shareholders. This has afforded us significant flexibility to react when the world changes. 
 In 2023, we accomplished several strategic milestones, including (i) achieving a step change in reinsurance pricing, and (ii) completing the Validus Acquisition, which helped us accelerate our growth in a favorable market. In 2024, we have been focused on execution to realize the benefits of the strategic successes we accomplished in 2023. 
 We believe that we are in a strong capital position, which has been enhanced by capital that has been freed up as we have progressed with the Validus integration, and provides us with the ability to deploy capital into the business while actively repurchasing shares when at attractive valuations. 
 Validus Acquisition 
 On November 1, 2023, we completed the Validus Acquisition, accelerating our strategy at a critical juncture in the reinsurance cycle. The Validus Acquisition has several significant strategic benefits for us and advances our position as a global property and casualty reinsurer, providing additional scale and diversification, and increasing our importance with customers and brokers. Through the Validus Acquisition, we gained access to a large book of attractive reinsurance business that is closely aligned with our existing business mix. The Validus Acquisition was immediately accretive to our shareholders across our three drivers of profit, and this is visible in our 2024 results to date. 
 Reinsurance Market Trends and Developments 
 We believe we have created significant opportunities to source attractive risk in the lines of business that we write, and that such opportunities will result in superior returns for our shareholders. The shift in the reinsurance market environment has resulted in an increase in rates across certain lines of business at the January 1, April 1, June 1 and July 1 renewals. 
 Overall, we were pleased with the outcome of the 2024 mid-year renewals, where we believe that the reinsurance market was appropriately positioned in the insurance value chain, assumed the appropriate level of risk, and was appropriately paid for it. After successfully integrating the Validus portfolio, we are shifting our focus to serving our customers and deploying our capacity at our increased scale. 
 As we look forward to the January 1 renewals, we expect that the market will remain disciplined, and that rates and terms and conditions will remain attractive. We aim to retain the combined portfolio and look for rate adequate opportunities to deploy capacity. We believe that we are in a strong position to grow with our customers on attractive business and are a trusted partner to help our customers manage their risk across portfolios and across market cycles. We have a strategic commitment to reinsurance that we think enhances our value proposition to customers because our reinsurance participation is consistent and broad, and our focus on reinsurance minimizes potential channel conflict with our customers. This commitment was only reinforced by the Validus Acquisition. 
 We are uniquely positioned to write a variety of risks, leveraging the enhancements we have made over the last several years to our risk and capital management technology and underwriting expertise to cover additional lines of business. In particular, we have invested heavily to understand the influence of climate change on the weather and its impact on the risks that we take. We believe that our RenaissanceRe Risk Sciences team gives us an advantage in properly reflecting the evolving phenomenon of climate change in our models as compared to commercially available models. 
 Our strategy focuses on operating as an integrated system of three competitive advantages: superior risk selection, superior customer relationships and superior capital management. We leverage our strengths in risk selection and capital management to build portfolios designed to be resilient against a spectrum of tail- 
 102 

risk scenarios, including elevated hurricane seasons. This allows us to price our products accordingly and to maintain our important position as a consistent incumbent for our customers. 
 We plan to continue to seek to take advantage of additional available opportunities and think that the strategic decisions we have made in prior periods have laid the foundation for these initiatives. Our clients value our ability to be a long-term partner who brings access to multiple forms of capital and innovative, large-scale solutions. 
 General Economic Conditions 
 We think that the stresses in the global economy will continue and that this may result in increased market volatility. Global events and geopolitical instability have contributed to widespread economic inflation. We consider the anticipated effects of inflation, including social, economic, and event-driven, in our loss models, on our investment portfolio, and generally in the running of our business, and actively monitor trends in these areas. 
 Some central banks have begun to cut interest rates, which could act as a potential supporting force for some of these inflationary pressures, if they have cut rates too soon. The effects of interest rate trends on our reinsurance and insurance business could be magnified for longer-tail business lines that are more inflation-sensitive, particularly in our Casualty and Specialty segment, and in our other property class of business within our Property segment. 
 The risk of a global recession is a continuing concern. However, we think that our business model is well positioned to be less sensitive to an inflationary or recessionary environment. Notwithstanding the many uncertainties and challenges that lie ahead, we believe that our track record of responding to industry events, differentiated risk management and client service capabilities, coupled with access to diverse sources of both capital and risk position us favorably in the current environment. 
 Tax Updates 
 On December 27, 2023, the Government of Bermuda enacted the Corporate Income Tax Act 2023, which will apply a 15 corporate income tax to certain Bermuda businesses in fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2025. The act includes a provision referred to as the economic transition adjustment, which is intended to provide a fair and equitable transition into the tax regime, and results in a deferred tax benefit for the Company. Pursuant to this legislation, the Company recorded a net deferred tax asset in the fourth quarter of 2023, expected to be utilized predominantly over a 10-year period. The Company expects to incur and pay increased taxes in Bermuda beginning in 2025. We believe that the flexible global operating model that we have utilized will continue to prove resilient. 
 Three Drivers of Profit 
 We have built a strong foundation across all three drivers of profit, and we had strong overall performance in the third quarter of 2024, reflecting solid contributions from each of our three drivers of profit. This performance was a reflection of our strategy of generating diversified and sustainable earnings streams for our business across underwriting income, fee income and investment income. Having three distinct sources of income makes us more resilient to catastrophe activity, and should reward our shareholders with superior returns. 
 Underwriting Income 
 Through disciplined underwriting, we aim to manage the cycle and allocate our capital to the business that will generate the best returns. Portfolio construction is a continuous process, and we believe that we have constructed a large and profitable underwriting portfolio that has been bolstered by our ability to participate broadly across our clients portfolios. 
 In 2024, we have been focused on continuing to deliver the combined RenaissanceRe and Validus portfolio at attractive rates and terms and conditions. With the majority of renewals now complete, we are confident that we have achieved our goal of delivering a larger, well-diversified combined portfolio while also deepening our partnerships with brokers and clients. Even at our increased scale following the Validus Acquisition, we remain focused on staying nimble to be able to capture attractive opportunities as they arise and exercising discipline to effectively manage our portfolio. Our customers have been overwhelmingly supportive throughout the process of the Validus integration, and we are ending the year with a larger and more diversified portfolio and deeper partnerships. 
 103 

Looking forward to 2025, we believe that demand in the market will continue to grow due to several factors, including inflation of insured values and cedents adjusting their reinsurance budgets. We expect that most of this growth will be at the top end of programs, but may filter down to lower levels as well. We believe that we are well positioned to meet this expected demand due to our flexible underwriting platform, our risk expertise, and the strength and durability of our partnerships with clients and brokers. 
 Property 
 With the global impact of climate change, we expect the frequency and severity of perils such as drought, flood, rain, hail and wildfire to continue at the elevated levels we have seen in recent years. We believe that the underwriting changes that we recently made, including requiring higher rates and attachment points, has optimized the portfolio and positioned us so that this catastrophe activity will have a smaller impact on our financial results than it otherwise may have. In the third quarter, our property portfolio demonstrated its resilience to an active hurricane season and several losses from secondary perils. 
 In our Property segment, we have focused on constructing a portfolio that has appropriate attachment points for each of our customers, and we expect this dynamic to persist into 2025, supporting a healthy reinsurance market and the consistent protection our customers need. Our gross-to-net strategy provides us with flexibility so that we can move quickly to offer capacity to our partners at attractive rates without the challenges that many other markets may face. We continue to grow organically in the catastrophe class of business where we are seeing the most attractive risk-adjusted returns. 
 Casualty and Specialty 
 Part of fulfilling our vision of being the best underwriter is knowing when to grow our portfolio and when to exercise discipline. Each line of business in the Casualty and Specialty segment is at a different point in the cycle and we continually manage our participation to achieve the best portfolio mix and balance of risk and reward. 
 Our prior work building strong relationships with key customers has allowed us to gain superior access to desirable business. This access has been enhanced as a result of the larger book of business that we have following the Validus Acquisition. We have focused our growth in attractive areas while reducing on deals that do not meet our return hurdles. We continue to grow organically in certain specialty lines of business where we are seeing the most attractive risk-adjusted returns. 
 In our casualty class of business, we have been closely monitoring trends in general liability where inflation and claims severity have been increasing. We believe that the industry needs to continue to evolve to stay ahead of these social inflation trends and are actively working with customers to share our insights and improve data capture throughout the renewal process. This customer-by-customer approach enables us to differentiate between accounts, appropriately price each program, and reduce if needed. 
 We believe that we have a prudent reserving process for our casualty and specialty business and remain confident in our reserves. We have been closely monitoring casualty loss trends, and our longstanding approach is to recognize increasing trends early. We are reflecting our insights into our prudent reserving process to proactively stay ahead of trend and inform portfolio shaping decisions. 
 Fee Income 
 We take a differentiated approach to our Capital Partners unit, with a focus on first sourcing the risks that we intend to write, and then matching it with the appropriate third-party capital. This business improves our offerings to customers, enhances our ability to optimize our portfolios, and generates attractive fees for doing so. Our Capital Partners unit continues to grow into an attractive market and benefited from increased access to desirable risk as a result of the Validus Acquisition. We view this as a growing and sustainable driver of profit that we expect will continue to generate an increase in low-volatility management fee income. 
 Investment Income 
 We are benefiting from high interest rates and growth in this driver of profit as a result of our proactive rotation of the portfolio into higher yielding securities as we saw historic increases in interest rates. This has been enhanced by the increased size of our investment portfolio which continues to grow, including as a result of the Validus Acquisition. We continue to maintain a relatively conservative position for our investment portfolio. During the third quarter we generated significant mark-to-market gains related to the decrease in interest rates, as well as on certain of our strategic investments. 
 104 

See the Risk Factors section in our Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024, and Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for additional information on factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q and other documents we file with the SEC. 

105 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are principally exposed to five types of market risk: interest rate risk; foreign currency risk; credit risk; equity price risk and commodity price risk. Our investment guidelines permit, subject to approval, investments in derivative instruments such as futures, options, foreign currency forward contracts and swap agreements, which may be used to assume risks or for hedging purposes. 
 There were no material changes to these market risks, as disclosed in Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion of our exposure to these risks. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, at September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in Company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, which were identified in connection with our evaluation required pursuant to Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 106 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 There have been no material changes to the legal proceedings previously disclosed in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Our share repurchase program may be effected from time to time, depending on market conditions and other factors, through open market purchases and privately negotiated transactions. Our Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program, which was renewed in an aggregate amount of up to 500.0 million on July 31, 2024 and increased to an aggregate amount of up to 750 million on November 6, 2024. Unless terminated earlier by our Board of Directors, the program will expire when we have repurchased the full value of the shares authorized. 
 The table below details the repurchases that were made during the third quarter of 2024, and includes other shares purchased, which represents common shares surrendered by employees in respect of withholding tax obligations on the vesting of restricted stock. 
 Total shares purchased Other shares purchased Shares purchased under publicly announced repurchase program Maximum dollar amount still available under repurchase program 
 Shares purchased Average price per share Shares purchased Average price per share Shares purchased Average price per share (in thousands) Beginning dollar amount available to be repurchased 416,246 July 1 - 31, 2024 (1) 
 376,633 221.15 376,633 221.15 500,000 August 1 - 31, 2024 101,461 232.02 313 233.23 101,148 232.02 476,532 September 1 - 30, 2024 476,532 Total 478,094 223.46 313 233.23 477,781 223.45 476,532 
 (1) On July 31, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a renewal of our authorized share repurchase program to an aggregate amount of up to 500.0 million. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 477.8 thousand common shares pursuant to our publicly announced share repurchase program at an aggregate cost of 106.8 million and an average price of 223.45 per common share. At September 30, 2024, 476.5 million remained available for repurchase under the share repurchase program. In the future, we may authorize additional purchase activities under the currently authorized share repurchase program, increase the amount authorized under the share repurchase program, or adopt additional trading plans. Our decision to repurchase common shares will depend on, among other matters, the market price of the common shares and our capital requirements. 
 107 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Renaissance Reinsurance was party to an Amended and Restated Letter of Credit Reimbursement Agreement dated November 7, 2019, as amended (the Funds at Lloyd s Letter of Credit Facility ), with Bank of Montreal, Citibank Europe and ING Bank N.V., which provides a facility under which letters of credit may be issued from time to time to support business written by RenaissanceRe Syndicate 1458. On November 4, 2024, Renaissance Reinsurance terminated the Funds at Lloyd s Letter of Credit Facility. 
 a Rule 10b5-1 or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended): on , , , a trading plan intended to satisfy Rule 10b5-1(c) to gift up to the lesser of (i) shares of RenaissanceRe common stock or (ii) shares of RenaissanceRe common stock with a value of 35,000, between November 18, 2024 and December 31, 2024, subject to certain conditions. The plan will terminate on the earlier of , or when all sales or gifts under the plan have been completed. 
 108 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 10.1 Standby Letter of Credit Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2024, by and among Renaissance Reinsurance Ltd., RenaissanceRe Europe AG, RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., as Guarantor, and Nordea Bank Abp, New York Branch. 
 31.1 Certification of Kevin J. O Donnell, Chief Executive Officer of RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 Certification of Robert Qutub, Chief Financial Officer of RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1 Certification of Kevin J. O Donnell, Chief Executive Officer of RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Robert Qutub, Chief Financial Officer of RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). 

109 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 RENAISSANCERE HOLDINGS LTD. 
 
 Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Robert Qutub 
 Robert Qutub 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) 

Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ James C. Fraser 
 James C. Fraser 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

110 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex3112024q3.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Kevin J. O'Donnell, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Kevin J. O'Donnell Kevin J. O'Donnell Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex3122024q3.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Robert Qutub, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Robert Qutub Robert Qutub Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex3212024q3.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Form 10-Q of RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kevin J. O'Donnell, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Kevin J. O'Donnell Kevin J. O'Donnell Chief Executive Officer November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex3222024q3.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Form 10-Q of RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert Qutub, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Robert Qutub Robert Qutub Chief Financial Officer November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rnr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rnr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rnr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rnr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rnr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

