<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241126_10-Q_edgar_data_946486_0001437749-24-036277.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7982694</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189970</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1308504</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1987857</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2212406</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2140268</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-036277.hdr.sgml : 20241126
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241126164657
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-036277
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241126
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241126

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WINDTREE THERAPEUTICS INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000946486
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				943171943
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39290
		FILM NUMBER:		241504740

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 KELLY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			WARRINGTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18976
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2154889300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 KELLY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			WARRINGTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18976

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DISCOVERY LABORATORIES INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANSAN PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19961121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANSAN INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950609

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-036277.txt : 20241126

10-Q
 1
 wint20240930c_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

wint20240930c_10q.htm 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
 Commission File Number : 
 
 WINDTREE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 The Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 22, 2024 , there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding, par value 0.001 per share. 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 
 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Page 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 4 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 4 

As of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (unaudited) 
 5 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEZZANINE AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (unaudited) For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited) 
 7 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 8 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 35 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 36 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 37 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 37 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 37 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 38 

Signatures 
 40 

1

Table of Contents 

Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to we, us, our, and the Company include Windtree Therapeutics, Inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements provide our current expectations or forecasts of future events and financial performance and may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including such terms as believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, plans, intends, may, will, should, could, targets, projects, contemplates, predicts, potential or continues or, in each case, their negative, or other variations or comparable terminology, though the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 
 
 We intend that all forward-looking statements be subject to the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We caution you therefore against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Examples of such risks and uncertainties, which potentially could have a material adverse effect on our development programs, business and/or operations, include, but are not limited to the following: 

our estimates regarding future results of operations, financial position, research and development costs, capital requirements, and our needs for additional financing; 

how long we can continue to fund our operations with our existing cash and cash equivalents; 

changes in market conditions, general economic conditions, and the banking sector, and potential constraints in accessing capital or credit if and when needed with favorable terms, if at all; 

the potential impairment of our intangible assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheet, which could lead to material impairment charges in the future; 

our ability to repay indebtedness; 

potential delays and uncertainties in our anticipated timelines and milestones and additional costs associated with the impact of the evolving events in Israel and Gaza on our clinical trial operations; 

the costs, timing, and results, of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, as well as the number of required trials for regulatory approval and the criteria for success in such trials; 

legal and regulatory developments in the United States, or U.S., and foreign countries, including any actions or advice that may affect the design, initiation, timing, continuation, progress or outcome of clinical trials or result in the need for additional clinical trials; 

the difficulties and expenses associated with obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates, and the indication and labeling under any such approval; 

risks related to manufacturing active pharmaceutical ingredients, drug product, and other materials we need; 

delays, interruptions or failures in the manufacture and supply of our product candidates; 

the plans of our licensee, Lee s Pharmaceutical (HK) Ltd., and its affiliate, Zhaoke Pharmaceutical (Hefei) Co. Ltd., and their ability to successfully source materials, execute necessary clinical and regulatory activities in a timely manner, if at all, to support development and commercialization of the licensed product candidates; 

the performance of third parties, both foreign and domestic, upon which we depend, including contract research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations, contract laboratories, and independent contractors; 

the size and growth of the potential markets for our product candidates, the regulatory requirements in such markets, the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, and our ability to serve those markets; 

the success of competing therapies and products that are or may become available; 

our ability to limit our exposure under product liability lawsuits; 

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates; 

2

Table of Contents 

recently enacted and future legislation, including but not limited to, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, regarding the healthcare system in the U.S. or the healthcare systems in foreign jurisdictions; 

our ability to recruit or retain key scientific, commercial or management personnel or to retain our executive officers; 

our ability to secure electronically stored work product, including clinical data, analyses, research, communications, and other materials necessary to gain regulatory approval of our product candidates, including those acquired from third parties, and assure the integrity, proper functionality, and security of our internal computer and information systems and prevent or avoid cyber-attacks, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, security incidents, data privacy violations, or other significant disruption; 

economic uncertainty resulting from inflation and interest rate fluctuations, including concerns involving liquidity, defaults or other non-performance by financial institutions; 

our expectations regarding the use of proceeds from sales under our equity line of credit, if any; and 

economic uncertainty resulting from geopolitical instability, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the People s Republic of China and the Republic of China (Taiwan), and the Middle East, including any escalation or expansion. 

Pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical technology companies have suffered significant setbacks conducting clinical trials, even after obtaining promising earlier preclinical and clinical data. In addition, data obtained from clinical trials are susceptible to varying interpretations, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. After gaining approval of a drug product, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies face considerable challenges in marketing and distributing their products and may never become profitable. 
 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or the documents incorporated by reference herein, speak only as of their respective dates. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict them all. Except to the extent required by applicable laws, rules or regulations, we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements or to publicly announce revisions to any of the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 You should also read carefully the factors described in the Risk Factors included in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q in conjunction with Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 , as supplemented by our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, to better understand the significant risks and uncertainties inherent in our business and underlying any forward-looking statements. 
 
 Trademark Notice 
 AEROSURF , AFECTAIR , SURFAXIN , SURFAXIN LS , WINDTREE THERAPEUTICS (logo) , 
 WINDTREE THERAPEUTICS , and WINDTREE are registered and common law trademarks of Windtree Therapeutics, Inc. (Warrington, PA). 

3

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1. Financial Statements 
 
 WINDTREE THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 ASSETS 
 Current Assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Restricted cash 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Intangible assets 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Current Liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses 
 Operating lease liabilities - current portion 
 ELOC commitment note payable 
 Derivative liability - ELOC commitment note 
 Common stock warrant liability 
 Loans payable 
 Other current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 Operating lease liabilities - non-current portion 
 Restructured debt liability - contingent milestone payments 
 Other liabilities 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Mezzanine Equity: 
 Series C redeemable preferred stock, 0.001 par value; 18,820 and 0 shares authorized; 15,719 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Series B redeemable preferred stock, 0.001 par value; 5,500 and 0 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Total mezzanine equity 
 
 Stockholders Equity: 
 Preferred stock, 0.001 par value; 4,975,680 and 5,000,000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock, 0.001 par value; 120,000,000 shares authorized; 2,340,429 and 333,145 shares issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; 2,340,428 and 333,144 shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Treasury stock (at cost); 1 share 
 Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities, mezzanine equity stockholders equity 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

4

Table of Contents 

WINDTREE THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Unaudited) 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 
 
 Expenses: 
 Research and development 
 General and administrative 
 Loss on impairment of goodwill 
 Total operating expenses 
 Operating loss 
 
 Other income (expense): 
 Gain on debt extinguishment 
 Change in fair value of common stock warrant liability 
 Interest income 
 Interest expense 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 Total other income, net 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 Net loss 
 Extinguishment of Series B Preferred Stock 
 Deemed dividend on Series C Preferred Stock 
 Net loss attributable to common stockholders 
 
 Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 
 Basic and diluted 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 
 Basic and diluted 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

5

Table of Contents 

WINDTREE THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders Equity 
 (Unaudited) 

(in thousands) 

Mezzanine Equity Stockholders Equity 
 Series A Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Shares Amount Total 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2022 
 Net loss - - - - 
 Redemption of Series A Preferred Stock - - - - - - 
 Exercise of common stock warrants, net of expenses of 276 
 Reverse split adjustments - fractional share round ups - - - - - - 
 Stock-based compensation expense - - - 
 Balance - March 31, 2023 
 Net loss - - - 
 Issuance of common stock and common stock warrants, net of issuance costs of 1,630 
 Stock-based compensation expense - - - 
 Balance - June 30, 2023 
 Net loss - - - 
 Stock-based compensation expense - - - 
 Balance - September 30, 2023 

Mezzanine Equity Stockholders Equity 
 Series B Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Shares Amount Total 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2023 
 Net income - - - - 
 Issuance of common stock, ATM Program, net of issuance costs of 44 
 Issuance of common stock, equity consideration in debt extinguishment 
 Stock-based compensation expense - - - - 
 Balance - March 31, 2024 
 Net loss - - - - 
 Issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs of 68 
 Reverse split adjustments - fractional share round ups - - - - - - - 
 Stock-based compensation expense - - - - 
 Balance - June 30, 2024 
 Net loss - - - - 
 ELOC sales, net of issuance costs of 156 
 Exchange of Series B preferred stock 9 
 Issuance of Series C preferred stock for cash proceeds, net of issuance costs of 172 
 Issuance of Series C preferred stock to extinguish debt - - - - 
 Issuance of Series C preferred stock as consideration for services 
 Conversions of Series C preferred stock 
 Redemptions of Series C preferred stock 
 Deemed dividends on Series C preferred stock - - - - 
 Deemed cash dividends on Series C preferred stock - - - - 
 Stock-based compensation expense - - - - 
 Balance - September 30, 2024 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

6

Table of Contents 

WINDTREE THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 

(in thousands) 

Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 2023 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net loss 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 In-process research and development expenses in connection with the Varian asset acquisition 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Non-cash expense related to equity consideration for services 
 Loss on ELOC commitment note and derivative liability 
 Loss on impairment of goodwill 
 Loss on sale and disposal of property and equipment 
 Gain on debt extinguishment 
 Unrealized gain on foreign exchange rate changes 
 Change in fair value of common stock warrant liability 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 Change in fair value of senior secured notes 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Other current liabilities 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Purchase of property and equipment 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Proceeds from ELOC Purchase Agreement, net of issuance costs 
 Proceeds from private placements, net of issuance costs 
 Redemptions of Series C Preferred Stock 
 Cash dividends on Series C Preferred Stock 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants, net of issuance costs 
 Proceeds from ATM Program, net of issuance costs 
 Proceeds from senior convertible notes payable, net of issuance costs 
 Principal payments on senior convertible notes payable 
 Proceeds from senior secured and unsecured notes, net of issuance costs 
 Principal payments on loans payable 
 Issuance costs related to Series B Preferred Stock 
 Payments on debt extinguishment 
 Proceeds from exercise of common stock warrants, net of expenses 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - beginning of period 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - end of period 
 
 Supplementary disclosure of non-cash activity: 
 Fair value upon issuance of common stock warrant liability 
 Private placement proceeds allocated to common stock warrant liability 
 Non-cash issuance costs allocated to Series C preferred stock 
 Fair value upon issuance of derivative liability related to senior convertible notes payable 
 Fair value upon issuance of derivative liability related to ELOC commitment note 
 Fair value of common stock consideration related to debt extinguishment 
 Fair value of January 2023 warrant modifications related to the January 2023 warrant exercise inducement 
 Fair value of February 2023 warrant modifications related to the February 2023 warrant exercise inducement 
 Prepayment of insurance through third-party financing 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

7

Table of Contents 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 

reverse split of our common stock that was approved by our Board of Directors and stockholders and made effective on April 19, 2024. All share and per share information herein that relates to our common stock prior to the effective date has been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse stock split. 

million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . Included in our net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is million related to the change in fair value of our common stock warrant liability. Also included in our net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is million of non-cash R D expense related to costs in connection with the Varian asset acquisition and a million gain on debt extinguishment. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , our net loss was million and million, respectively. Included in our net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 is a million loss on impairment of goodwill (See the section titled, Note 4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ). We expect to continue to incur operating losses for at least the next several years. As of September 30, 2024 , we had an accumulated deficit of million. Our future success is dependent on our ability to fund and develop our product candidates, and ultimately upon our ability to attain profitable operations. We have devoted substantially all of our financial resources and efforts to research and development expense and general and administrative expense to support such research and development. Net losses and negative cash flows have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital, and accordingly, our ability to execute our future operating plans. 
 
 In June 2024, we entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement, or the ELOC Purchase Agreement, establishing an equity line of credit with the purchaser, or the Purchaser, whereby we have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser is obligated to purchase, up to million of newly issued shares of our common stock. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we sold million shares of Common Stock under the ELOC Purchase Agreement for net proceeds of million following mandatory redemption payments on our Series C Preferred Stock (See the section titled, Note 13 - Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders' Equity - Common Stock Purchase Agreement for further details). In addition, in July 2024, we completed two private placement transactions for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million, which consists of approximately million of new funding and a million payment through the full cancellation and extinguishment of certain holders outstanding senior notes, including secured notes, and shares of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. Net proceeds related to these private placements was million (See the section titled, Note 13 - Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders' Equity - First Private Placement and Second Private Placements for further details). 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 , we had cash and cash equivalents of million and current liabilities of million, which includes an million warrant liability. Included in prepaid expenses and other assets as of September 30, 2024 is million in receivables related to ELOC Purchase Agreement gross proceeds for sales made during the quarter for which we had not yet received the cash payment. The related net proceeds after the additional redemption of the Series C Preferred Stock was million. In addition, subsequent to September 30, 2024 and through November 22, 2024, we sold an additional million shares of Common Stock under the ELOC Purchase Agreement for net proceeds of million following mandatory redemption payments on our Series C Preferred Stock. Following these financings, we believe that we have sufficient resources available to fund our business operations through January 2025. We do not have sufficient cash and cash equivalents as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to support our operations for at least the 12 months following the date that the financial statements are issued. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 To alleviate the conditions that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, management plans to secure additional capital, potentially through a combination of public or private securities offerings, convertible debt financings, and/or strategic transactions, including potential licensing arrangements, alliances, and drug product collaborations focused on specified geographic markets; however, none of these alternatives are committed at this time. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining sufficient funding on terms acceptable to us to fund continuing operations, if at all, or identify and enter into any strategic transactions that will provide the capital that we will require. If we fail to raise sufficient capital, we potentially could be forced to limit or cease our development activities, as well as modify or cease our operations, either of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Accordingly, management has concluded that substantial doubt exists with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern for at least 12 months after the issuance of the accompanying financial statements. 
 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business, and do not include any adjustments relating to recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

million in the first quarter of 2023 and an additional loss of million, representing the remaining balance of goodwill, in the second quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the aggregate loss on impairment of goodwill is million, recognized within operating expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of June 30, 2023, goodwill was written down to zero on our condensed consolidated balances sheet. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , goodwill was zero on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The following table represents identifiable intangible assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 : 

Rostafuroxin drug candidate 
 Intangible assets 

million and a net gain of million for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Foreign currency transactions resulted in net gains of approximately million and million for the nine -month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. 

million, which was accrued in general and administrative expense at the date of the separation, and was paid ratably through July 2024. 
 
 In June 2023, we implemented certain reductions in headcount. The total severance cost for impacted employees was approximately million, which was accrued in research and development expense at the date of the separations and was paid ratably through December 2023. 

million long-term liability for contingent milestone payments potentially due under the Exchange and Termination Agreement dated as of October 27, 2017, or the Milestone Agreement, between ourselves and affiliates of Deerfield Management Company L.P., or Deerfield. The liability was recorded at the full value of the contingent milestones and was to be carried at full value until the milestones were achieved and paid or the milestones were not achieved and the liability was written off as a gain on debt extinguishment. 
 
 On January 24, 2024, we and Deerfield entered into an Exchange and Termination Agreement, or the Exchange and Termination Agreement, wherein Deerfield agreed to terminate its rights to receive certain milestone payments in exchange for (i) cash in the aggregate amount of million and (ii) an aggregate of shares of our common stock, par value per share (See the section titled, Note 12 - Restructured Debt Liability ). 

million and million shares, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , all potentially dilutive securities were anti-dilutive and therefore have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 We do not have any components of other comprehensive (loss) income. 

Total Assets 
 
 Liabilities: 
 Common stock warrant liability 
 Derivative liability - ELOC commitment note 
 Total Liabilities 

Total Assets 

The money market funds were classified as cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets and were within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The aggregate fair value of the Company s money market funds approximated amortized cost. 
 
 The fair value of the common stock warrant liability is based on significant unobservable inputs, which represent Level 3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. The following table provides a summary of the change in the estimated fair value of the common stock warrant liability: 

Change in fair value 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 

In determining the initial fair value of the common stock warrants at their respective issuance dates, we used a Black Scholes pricing model. For the subsequent measurement at September 30, 2024, we used a Monte Carlo simulation. The following table provides a summary of the significant inputs used in these valuations: 

Exercise price 
 Volatility n/a 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 Expected term (in years) 
 Discounting factor n/a n/a 

The fair value of the derivative liability-ELOC commitment note is also based on significant unobservable inputs, which represent Level 3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. The following table provides a summary of the change in the estimated fair value of the derivative liability: 

Change in fair value 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 

In determining the initial fair value of the derivative liability and for the subsequent measurement at September 30, 2024, we used a Monte Carlo simulation. The following table provides a summary of the significant inputs used in these valuations: 
 
 4 39 
 Volatility - - 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 Conversion price discount 
 Discounting period (in years) 
 Discount rate 
 Discounting factor 

Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 

Certain of our assets were measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023 . Our goodwill was recorded at its estimated fair value as a result of the impairment tests performed in 2023, which resulted in the goodwill being written down to zero as of June 30, 2023 (See the section titled, Note 4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Intangible Assets and Goodwill ). 
 In order to perform the goodwill impairment test, we compared the estimated fair value of our reporting unit to its carrying value. Significant factors considered in estimating the fair value of our reporting unit included the use of the quoted market price and related market capitalization of our common stock, adjusted for an estimated control premium based on transactions completed by comparable companies. Quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the reporting unit included an estimated control premium of 50 for both periods. 

million of net proceeds. The Senior Convertible Notes were convertible into shares of our common stock at an initial conversion price of , which was subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified events to no lower than , subject to any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction involving our common stock. 
 
 The Senior Convertible Notes were senior obligations and accrued interest at a rate of per annum, payable in arrears on the first calendar day of each calendar month, beginning on May 2, 2024, unless an event of default had occurred, upon which interest would accrue at per annum. The Senior Convertible Notes had a maturity date of January 2, 2025 unless earlier converted or redeemed (upon the satisfaction of certain conditions). 

The Senior Convertible Notes contained certain conversion and redemption features requiring bifurcation as separate derivative liabilities. We initially recorded the fair value of the embedded features in the amount of million as a derivative liability in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. The derivative was adjusted to fair value at each reporting period, with the change in the fair value recorded in change in fair value of derivatives that is a component of other income (expense) in our condensed consolidated statement of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the change in fair value of the derivative was million and million, respectively, and was recorded in other expense. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the Senior Convertible Notes, we incurred in debt issuance costs. The associated debt issuance costs were capitalized and were presented as an offset to the Senior Convertible Notes and, along with the debt discount of associated with the bifurcated derivative, were amortized as additional interest expense over the term of the Senior Convertible Notes at an effective interest rate of . For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the interest expense was million. We used the proceeds from our First PIPE to extinguish the Senior Convertible Notes and we wrote-off the remaining related derivative liability of million and recognized a gain on debt extinguishment of million. Refer to Note 13, Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders' Equity - Accounting for the First and Second Private Placements for additional details. As of September 30, 2024, there are no Senior Convertible Notes outstanding. 

. The ELOC Commitment Note matures on June 26, 2025 and will bear interest at per annum on a 365-day basis, due and payable on June 26, 2025. The Purchaser, in its sole discretion and upon written notice to us may convert all or a portion of the entire unpaid principal balance of the ELOC Commitment Note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, if any, or the Conversion Amount, into a number of shares of our common stock equal to (x) the Conversion Amount divided by, as of the date of such conversion notice or other date of determination, the lesser of (i) a 20 discount to the lowest intraday sale price of our common stock as traded on the principal market on June 26, 2024 and (ii) a 20 discount to the lowest intraday sale price of our common stock as traded on the principal market during the 20 trading days immediately preceding the date of such conversion notice, subject to adjustment as provided in the terms of the ELOC Commitment Note. 
 
 The ELOC Commitment Note in its entirety had an estimated fair value of million at issuance, while the ELOC Commitment Note conversion option was required to be bifurcated as a separate derivative liability upon issuance. As a result, we recorded the fair value of the conversion option feature in the amount of million as a derivative liability and million as a ELOC Commitment Note payable in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. Because there was no consideration paid by the Purchaser in exchange for the ELOC Commitment Note, the entire initial fair value of both instruments was recorded to other expense in the amount of million. 
 
 The derivative is adjusted to fair value at each reporting period, with the change in the fair value recorded in change in fair value of derivatives that is a component of other income (expense) in our condensed consolidated statement of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the change in fair value of the derivative was million. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, million shares of Common Stock have been sold under the ELOC Purchase Agreement for net proceeds of million. Additionally, as a result of our sales of Common Stock pursuant to the ELOC Purchase Agreement, we redeemed Series C Preferred Shares as of September 30, 2024 for an aggregate redemption price of million pursuant to the Company s Certificate of Designations of Rights and Preferences of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

per share, subject to customary adjustments. The July 2024 Warrants are considered a freestanding financial instrument as they are separable and legally detachable from the Series C Preferred Stock. The July 2024 Warrants have been classified as a liability in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet because they include a put option election available to the holders that is contingently exercisable if the Company enters into a change of control transaction, or the Change of Control Put. If the Change of Control Put is exercised by the holder of a July 2024 Warrant, they may elect to receive cash as determined by the Black Scholes pricing model, based on terms and timing specified in the July 2024 Warrants. The potential for a cash settlement for the July 2024 Warrants is outside the control of the Company, and in accordance with U.S. GAAP, requires the July 2024 Warrants to be treated as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
 The July 2024 warrants had an initial fair value of million upon issuance. As of September 30, 2024, the change in the estimated fair value of the July 2024 warrants was million and was recorded in the condensed consolidated statement of operation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

million. The maturity date of such notes was June 25, 2025, unless extended at the holder s option in accordance with the terms of the notes. On June 28, 2024, we issued additional senior secured notes with an aggregate principal amount of million. The maturity date of such notes was June 28, 2025, unless extended at the holder s option in accordance with the terms of the notes. 
 
 We collectively refer to such senior secured notes due 2025 as the June Senior Secured Notes. The aggregate gross proceeds from the issuances of the June Senior Secured Notes were million. The June Senior Secured Notes include a original issue discount. The June Senior Secured Notes bear interest at per annum on a 360-day and twelve 30-day month basis, payable monthly in cash and in arrears on each Interest Date (as defined in the June Senior Secured Notes) and such interest compounds each calendar month. 
 
 On July 3, 2024, we agreed to issue and sell to (i) an institutional investor an aggregate principal amount of million in senior secured notes, or the July Secured Note, and (ii) an additional institutional investor an aggregate principal amount of million in senior unsecured notes, or the July Unsecured Note, and together with the July Secured Note, the July 2024 Notes, for aggregate gross proceeds of million. The July 2024 Notes include a original issue discount and had a maturity date of July 3, 2025, unless extended at the holder s option in accordance with the terms of the July 2024 Notes. The July 2024 Notes bear interest at per annum on a 360-day and twelve 30-day month basis, payable monthly in cash and in arrears on each Interest Date (as defined in the applicable July 2024 Notes) and such interest will compound each calendar month. The interest rate will increase to per annum upon the existence of an Event of Default (as defined in the applicable July 2024 Notes). 
 
 The July Secured Note was secured by first-priority security interests in all of our assets then presently existing, and constitutes a valid, first priority security interest in all of the assets that we later-acquire, as further defined in the July 2024 Secured Note. 
 
 Certain conversion and redemption features of the June Senior Secured Notes and the July 2024 Notes would typically be considered derivatives that would require bifurcation. In lieu of bifurcating various features in the agreement, we elected the fair value option for the June Senior Secured Notes and the July 2024 Notes and recorded the changes in the fair value within the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations at the end of each reporting period. The excess of the initial fair value of million of the June Senior Secured Notes over the proceeds received of million was recorded to other expense in the amount of during the three months ended June 30, 2024. The excess of the initial fair value of million of the July 2024 Notes over the proceeds received of million was recorded to other expense in the amount of during the three months ended September 30, 2024. We used the proceeds from our First PIPE to extinguish the June Senior Secured Notes and July 2024 Notes. Immediately prior to the extinguishment, the combined fair value of the June Senior Secured Notes and the July 2024 Notes was million. We determined that the fair value of the instruments issued, which totaled million, represents the fair value of the instruments extinguished, and therefore there was gain or loss recognized on extinguishment. Refer to Note 13, Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders' Equity - Accounting for the First and Second Private Placements for additional details. As of September 30, 2024, there are June Senior Secured Notes or July 2024 Notes outstanding. 

million of certain premiums at a fixed annual interest rate. Payments of approximately are due monthly from August 2024 through May 2025. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal of the loan was million. 
 
 In June 2023, we entered into an insurance premium financing and security agreement with IPFS Corporation. Under the agreement, we financed million of certain premiums at a fixed annual interest rate. Payments of approximately were due monthly from July 2023 through April 2024. As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding principal of the loan was million. The balance of the loan was repaid during the first quarter of 2024. 

Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated License Agreement with Philip Morris USA for Aerosolization Technology 
 
 On January 16, 2024, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the U.S. License Agreement, effective as of January 17, 2024, or the U.S. License Agreement Amendment, which amended the U.S. License Agreement. The U.S. License Agreement licenses U.S. intellectual property rights to us in respect of our former acute pulmonary care platform that was globally outlicensed to the Licensee in August 2022. Pursuant to the U.S. License Agreement Amendment, we agreed to pay PMUSA (i) by January 18, 2024, or the PMUSA Upfront Payment, (ii) no later than the earlier of (a) July 1, 2024 or (b) the Company receiving a specified amount of net proceeds from debt or equity financings occurring on or after January 17, 2024 and (iii) up to an aggregate of million upon the achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones, which milestone payments are expected to be funded from corresponding milestone payments received from the Licensee. Additionally, under the U.S. License Agreement Amendment, the parties extinguished and released their respective rights, obligations and claims in respect of quarterly payments under Section 7.3 of the U.S. License Agreement as in effect immediately prior to January 17, 2024. The U.S. License Agreement Amendment also grants PMUSA the right to terminate the U.S. License Agreement upon 30 days prior written notice to us if we have not paid a milestone payment to PMUSA by January 1, 2028. 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated License Agreement with Philip Morris USA for Aerosolization Technology 
 
 As a result of us not paying the payable to PMUSA by July 1, 2024, PMUSA issued a notice of default to us dated July 17, 2024. Such notice of default informed us that to avoid termination of the US License Agreement and a collection action via arbitration, we must pay the by September 15, 2024. 
 
 We did not pay to PMUSA by September 15, 2024 as specified in the notice of default. Rather, on October 28, 2024, we entered into Amendment No. 2 to the License Agreement with PMUSA, or the Second PMUSA License Amendment, to further amend the PMUSA License Agreement. Pursuant to the Second PMUSA License Amendment, we agreed to pay PMUSA (i) no later than October 29, 2024, or the PMUSA Initial Payment, and (ii) no later than November 15, 2024, or the PMUSA Deferred Payment, plus interest on the PMUSA Deferred Payment at the rate of per annum for the period beginning on July 2, 2024, and ending on the date of payment. In the event any balance on the PMUSA Deferred Payment (including accrued interest) remains unpaid after November 15, 2024, interest on such remaining balance will then accrue at the rate of per annum until December 31, 2024 or the date of payment, whichever is earlier. In the event any balance (including accrued interest) on the PMUSA Deferred Payment remains unpaid after December 31, 2024, interest shall then accrue at the rate of per annum on such balance until the date of payment. 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the License Agreement with Philip Morris Products for Aerosolization Technology 
 
 On January 16, 2024, we also entered into Amendment No. 1 to the License Agreement with PMPSA, effective as of January 17, 2024, or the PMPSA License Amendment, which amended the License Agreement, dated March 28, 2008, between us and PMPSA, or the PMPSA License Agreement. The PMPSA License Agreement licenses ex-U.S. intellectual property to us in respect of our former acute pulmonary care platform that was globally outlicensed to the Licensee in August 2022. Pursuant to the PMPSA License Amendment, we agreed to pay PMPSA (i) by January 19, 2024, or the PMPSA Upfront Payment, (ii) no later than the earlier of (a) July 1, 2024 or (b) the Company receiving a specified amount of net proceeds from debt or equity financings occurring on or after January 17, 2024 (together with the PMPSA Upfront Payment, the Fixed Payments) and (iii) up to an aggregate of million upon the achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones, which milestone payments are expected to be funded from corresponding milestone payments received from the Licensee. Additionally, but contingent upon our timely payment of the Fixed Payments, the parties extinguished and released their respective rights, obligations and claims in respect of quarterly payments under Section 6.2 of the PMPSA License Agreement as in effect immediately prior to January 17, 2024. 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the License Agreement with Philip Morris Products for Aerosolization Technology 
 
 We did not pay to PMPSA by July 1 as required by the PMPSA License Amendment. Rather, on July 31, 2024, we entered into Amendment No. 2 to the License Agreement with PMPSA, or the Second PMPSA License Amendment, to further amend the PMPSA License Agreement. Pursuant to the Second PMPSA License Amendment, we agreed to pay PMPSA (i) no later than August 2, 2024, or the PMPSA Initial Payment, and (ii) no later than November 15, 2024, or the PMPSA Deferred Payment, plus interest on the PMPSA Deferred Payment at the rate of per annum for the period beginning on July 2, 2024, and ending on the date of payment. In the event any balance on the PMPSA Deferred Payment (including accrued interest) remains unpaid after November 15, 2024, interest on such remaining balance will then accrue at the rate of per annum until December 31, 2024 or the date of payment, whichever is earlier. In the event any balance (including accrued interest) on the PMPSA Deferred Payment remains unpaid after December 31, 2024, interest shall then accrue at the rate of 36 per annum on such balance until the date of payment. 
 
 Accounting for the PMUSA and PMPSA Payments 
 
 We accounted for these payments as a recognized subsequent event for 2023 in accordance with applicable accounting guidance provided in ASC Topic 855, Subsequent Events. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we accrued million for payments to PMUSA and PMPSA to be paid in 2024. During the first quarter of 2024, the PMUSA Upfront Payment and the PMPSA Upfront Payment were both paid. During the third quarter of 2024, the PMPSA Initial Payment was paid. As of September 30, 2024 , the remaining liability related to PMUSA and PMPSA is million and is recorded in other current liabilities. During October 2024, the PMUSA Initial Payment of was paid. The PMUSA Deferred Payment of and the PMPSA Deferred Payment of have not been paid as of November 25, 2024. 

million and (ii) warrants to purchase up to shares of our common stock at an exercise price of per share held by Deerfield were cancelled in consideration for (x) a cash payment in the aggregate amount of million, (y) shares of common stock, representing of fully-diluted shares outstanding (as defined in the Milestone Agreement) on the closing date, and (z) the right to receive certain milestone payments, or Milestone Payments, based on achievement of specified AEROSURF development and commercial milestones, which, if achieved, could potentially total up to 15.0 million. In addition, a related security agreement, pursuant to which Deerfield held a security interest in substantially all of our assets, was terminated. We established a million long-term liability for the contingent milestone payments potentially due to Deerfield under the Milestone Agreement. The liability was recorded at the full value of the contingent milestones and was to be carried at full value until the milestones were achieved and paid or the milestones were not achieved and the liability was written off as a gain on debt extinguishment. As of December 31, 2023 , the restructured debt liability balance was million. 
 
 On January 24, 2024, we and Deerfield entered into an Exchange and Termination Agreement wherein Deerfield agreed to terminate its rights to receive the Milestone Payments. 
 
 Pursuant to the Exchange and Termination Agreement, Deerfield agreed to terminate its rights to receive the Milestone Payments and all related rights and obligations in respect of such Milestone Payments in exchange for (i) cash in the aggregate amount of million, million of which was paid on January 24, 2024 and million of which is included in accrued expenses and will be paid no later than the earlier to occur of (a) January 24, 2025 and (b) us receiving a specified amount of gross proceeds from debt or equity financings occurring on or after January 24, 2024, and (ii) an aggregate of shares of our common stock, par value per share. The shares of the common stock were issued to Deerfield in a transaction exempt from registration pursuant Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
 Contemporaneously with the execution of the Exchange and Termination Agreement, we and Deerfield entered into a Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which we have agreed to, among other matters, register for resale with the SEC the shares of the common stock issued to Deerfield pursuant to the Exchange and Termination Agreement. On February 14, 2024, we filed a resale registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-277073) with respect to shares of our common stock, which was amended on April 17, 2024. Such resale registration statement was declared effective by the SEC on April 19, 2024. 
 
 The Exchange and Termination Agreement was accounted for as an extinguishment of debt in accordance with ASC Topic 470, Debt Modifications and Extinguishments , and, as a result, we recognized a million non-cash gain on debt extinguishment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisting of the difference between the 15.0 million of the extinguished Milestone Payments and the consideration to Deerfield under the Exchange and Termination Agreement, which includes million in cash and million in fair value of common stock issued to Deerfield. 

shares, or the Preferred Shares, of our Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share, or the Series C Preferred Stock, and (ii) warrants, or the July 2024 Warrants, to acquire up to the aggregate number of additional shares of our common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million of which million was paid through the cancellation and extinguishment of certain securities as further described below. 
 
 Additionally, we issued Preferred Shares and July 2024 Warrants as compensation for certain placement agent fees and expenses. We also reimbursed the lead buyer for certain fees and expenses of counsel in accordance with the terms of the First Purchase Agreement. 
 
 We agreed to seek stockholder approval for the issuance of all of the shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares and exercise of the July 2024 Warrants in connection with the First PIPE in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market, which approval was obtained on September 24, 2024. 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 
 The terms of the Series C Preferred Stock are as set forth in the Series C Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State and effective on July 19, 2024. The Series C Certificate of Designation authorizes a total of shares of Series C Preferred Stock with an initial conversion price of , or the Series C Preferred Conversion Price, which is subject to adjustment as provided in the Series C Certificate of Designation to no lower than . The Series C Preferred Stock has a stated value of per share. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock is initially convertible into shares of our common stock, subject to adjustment as provided in the Series C Certificate of Designation. No fractional shares will be issued upon conversion; rather any fractional share will be rounded up to the nearest whole share. 
 
 From and after July 19, 2024, each holder of a share of Series C Preferred Stock is entitled to receive dividends, which are computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve 30-day months and will increase the stated value of the Series C Preferred Stock on each dividend date (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designation). 
 
 Dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock will accrue at per annum and be payable by way of inclusion of the dividends in the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designation) on each Conversion Date (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designation) in accordance with the Series C Certificate of Designation or upon any redemption in accordance with the Series C Certificate of Designation or upon any required payment upon any Bankruptcy Triggering Event (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designation). From and after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Triggering Event (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designation), the accrual of the dividends will automatically be increased to per annum. 
 
 The Preferred Conversion Price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified events and subject to price-based adjustment in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction involving our common stock at a price below the then-applicable Preferred Conversion Price, as described in further detail in the Series C Certificate of Designation. 
 
 July 2024 Warrants 
 
 The July 2024 Warrants are exercisable upon the six month and one day anniversary of the issuance date, or the Initial Exercisability Date, and expire on the fifth anniversary of the Initial Exercisability Date and will have an exercise price of per share, subject to customary adjustments. 
 
 Cancellation and Extinguishment of Certain Securities 
 
 In connection with the First PIPE, million of the aggregate gross proceeds was paid through the cancellation and extinguishment of certain holders (x) outstanding principal amount, conversion/exchange premiums and all accrued interest and dividends thereon under our (i) Senior Convertible Notes, (ii) the June Senior Secured Notes, (iii) the July Secured Note, and (iv) the July Unsecured Note, and (y) shares of the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 Related Party Participation 
 
 Our CEO and CMO each participated in the First PIPE, with Mr. Fraser making a purchase to receive shares of Series C Preferred Stock and July 2024 Warrants and Dr. Simonson making a purchase to receive shares of Series C Preferred Stock and July 2024 Warrants. Neither Mr. Fraser nor Dr. Simonson have received any redemption payments or payments of accrued dividends, nor have they converted any shares of Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 Second Private Placement 
 
 On July 26, 2024, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, or the Second Purchase Agreement, with the buyer named therein, pursuant to which we agreed to a second tranche of the private placement, or the Second PIPE, of (i) Preferred Shares, and (ii) July 2024 Warrants to acquire up to the aggregate number of additional shares of our common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million. 
 
 Additionally, we issued Preferred Shares and July 2024 Warrants as compensation for certain placement agent fees and expenses. We also reimbursed the lead buyer for certain fees and expenses of counsel in accordance with the terms of the Second Purchase Agreement. 
 
 We agreed to seek stockholder approval for the issuance of all of the shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares and exercise of the July 2024 Warrants in connection with the Second PIPE in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 
 The rights and preferences of the Series C Preferred Stock issued in connection with the Second PIPE, including the terms pursuant to which they are convertible into our common stock, are consistent with the rights and preferences of the Series C Preferred Stock issued in connection with the First PIPE. Similarly, the terms of the warrants issued in connection with the Second PIPE are consistent with the terms of the warrants issued in connection with the First PIPE. 
 
 Accounting for the First and Second Private Placements 
 
 The July 2024 Warrants are considered a freestanding financial instrument as they are separable and legally detachable from the Series C Preferred Stock. The July 2024 Warrants have been classified as a liability in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet because they include a put option election available to the holders that is contingently exercisable if the Company enters into a change of control transaction, or the Change of Control Put. If the Change of Control Put is exercised by the holder of a July 2024 Warrant, they may elect to receive cash as determined by the Black Scholes pricing model, based on terms and timing specified in the July 2024 Warrants. The potential for a cash settlement for the July 2024 Warrants is outside the control of the Company, and in accordance with U.S. GAAP, requires the July 2024 Warrants to be treated as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
 Net cash proceeds from the issuance of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and July 2024 Warrants in the First Private Placement totaled million, net of lead buyer reimbursements of million. The net cash proceeds were allocated first to the July 2024 Warrants based on their fair value which totaled million, and the remaining million was allocated to the Series C Preferred Stock using the residual method of allocation. Net cash proceeds from the issuance of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and July 2024 Warrants in the Second Private Placement totaled , net of lead buyer reimbursement of . The net cash proceeds were allocated first to the July 2024 Warrants based on their fair value which totaled , and the remaining was allocated to the Series C Preferred Stock using the residual method of allocation. The Company accretes to Series C Preferred Stock against additional paid-in capital as a deemed dividend for the difference between the initial net carrying value and the full redemption price of per share. The Company uses the effective interest method to calculate the accretion amount for each period. 
 
 Upon issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock, the Company was not solely in control of the redemption of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock as the Series C Preferred Stock has multiple redemption features that are outside of our control, including time-based maturity redemption and change of control redemption. Since the redemption of the Series C Preferred Stock was not solely in the control of the Company, the shares of Series C Preferred Stock are classified within mezzanine equity. 
 
 In connection with the First PIPE, we issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock and July 2024 Warrants for the cancellation and extinguishment of certain holders outstanding principal amount, conversion/exchange premiums and all accrued interest thereon under our Senior Convertible Notes with a net carrying value of million. In addition, the associated derivative liability which had a fair value of million was also extinguished. The fair value of the instruments issued were determined based on the fair value of the July 2024 Warrants and the residual value determined for the Series C Preferred Stock as described above. The difference between the carrying value of the extinguished instruments and the fair value of the instruments issued totaling million was and recorded as gain on debt extinguishment. 
 
 In addition, we issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock and July 2024 Warrants for the cancellation and extinguishment of certain holders outstanding principal amount, conversion/exchange premiums and all accrued interest thereon under our June Senior Secured Notes, July Secured Note, and July Unsecured Note, which are carried at fair value. The Company determined that the fair value of the instruments issued, which totaled million represents the fair value of the instruments extinguished, and therefore there was gain or loss recognized on the extinguishment. The fair value of the instruments issued were determined based on the fair value of the July 2024 Warrants and the residual value determined for the Series C Preferred Stock as described above. 
 
 Also in connection with the First PIPE, we issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock and July 2024 Warrants for the cancellation and extinguishment of shares of the Series B Preferred Stock with a net carrying value of million. The fair value of the instruments issued were determined based on the fair value of the July 2024 Warrants and the residual value determined for the Series C Preferred Stock as described above. The difference of million between the carrying value of the extinguished instruments totaling million and the fair value of the instruments issued totaling million was credited to retained earnings and adjusted to net loss per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 We incurred approximately million of legal, placement and professional fees in connection with the First and Second PIPEs. In addition, we issued Series C Preferred Shares and July 2024 Warrants as compensation for certain placement agent fees and expenses. The fair value of the instruments issued for compensation were determined based on the fair value of the July 2024 Warrants and the residual value determined for the Series C Preferred Stock as described above, which amounted to million and were accounted for as issuance costs. The issuance costs totaling million were allocated to all of the Series C Preferred Stock and July 2024 Warrants issued in the First and Second PIPEs based on their fair values and residual value. Issuance costs allocated to the July 2024 Warrants totaling million were expensed immediately and issuance costs allocated to the Series C Preferred Stock totaling million were recorded as a reduction of the net carrying value of the Series C Preferred Stock at inception as additional discount, which will be accreted against additional paid-in capital as a deemed dividend using the interest method. 
 
 Conversions and Redemptions of Series C Preferred Stock 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and of accrued and unpaid dividends were converted into shares of common stock. Upon conversion, the carrying value of of the Series C Preferred Stock was reclassified to common stock par value and additional paid-in capital. There was gain or loss recognized on the transaction as the shares were converted in accordance with the original terms of the Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock were redeemed for million in cash at their stated value per share of plus a premium in connection with the Equity Line Mandatory Redemption. In addition, million was paid for accrued and unpaid dividends. The excess of the consideration paid over the carrying value of the Series C Preferred Stock redeemed was accounted for as a deemed dividend and resulted in an increase in net loss per common share during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement 
 
 In June 2024, we entered into the ELOC Purchase Agreement establishing an equity line of credit with the Purchaser, whereby we have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser is obligated to purchase, up to million of newly issued shares of our common stock. 
 
 Over the 36-month period from and after the Commencement Date, we will control the timing and amount of any sales of Common Stock to the Purchaser. Actual sales of shares of our common stock to the Purchaser under the ELOC Purchase Agreement will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of our common stock and determinations by us as to the appropriate sources of funding and our operations. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we sold million shares of Common Stock under the ELOC Purchase Agreement for gross proceeds of million, million of which is included in prepaid expenses and other assets as of September 30, 2024 for gross proceeds for sales made during the quarter for which we had not yet received the cash. Pursuant to the Company s Certificate of Designations of Rights and Preferences of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, we are required to use of the proceeds from sales pursuant to the ELOC Purchase Agreement to pay outstanding Series C Preferred Stock dividends and to redeem Series C Preferred Stock at a premium to the stated price per share. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we paid an aggregate redemption price of million with million applied to accrued and unpaid dividends and million to redeem Series C Preferred Shares. During October 2024, we paid an additional aggregate redemption price related to ELOC Purchase Agreement sales during the quarter of million with approximately applied to accrued and unpaid dividends and million to redeem Series C Preferred Shares. Inclusive of the additional redemptions paid after quarter end, we received net proceeds from the shares sold under the ELOC Purchase Agreement of million. 
 
 We have determined that the put option in the ELOC Purchase Agreement is a derivative within the scope of ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, to be initially measured and recorded at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value to be recorded in earnings. However, as the exercise price is floating and is a discounted price to the exercise date fair value of the common stock, we have determined that the put option has a de minimis value (effectively zero value) and will not be recorded. 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Varian Biopharmaceuticals 
 
 On April 2, 2024, we entered into the Asset Purchase Agreement with Varian. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, we purchased all of the assets of Varian s business associated with the Licence Agreement, which includes the Licence Agreement, all rights in molecules and compounds subject to the Licence Agreement, know-how and inventory of drug substance, or the Transferred Assets. We also assumed all liabilities arising on or after April 2, 2024, relating to the research, development, manufacturing, registration, commercialization, use, handling, supply, storage, import, export or other disposition or exploitation of any and all products associated with the Transferred Assets. 
 
 In consideration of the purchase of the Transferred Assets, (i) on April 2, 2024, we issued a total of shares of our Series B Preferred Stock, par value per share, or the Series B Preferred Stock, to certain creditors of Varian and (ii) agreed to pay up to million in milestone payments upon the achievement of certain regulatory and clinical development milestones with our option to pay such milestone payments either in cash or our common stock. 
 
 The Asset Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, covenants, closing conditions and indemnification provisions for a transaction of this nature, including, without limitation, confidentiality and non-compete undertakings by Varian. 
 
 The fair value of the consideration transferred for the shares of our Series B Preferred Stock was million. Because the assets acquired do not meet the definition of a business, and the assets have not reached technological feasibility and have no alternative future use, we expensed the consideration paid as research and development expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have not recorded a liability or expense related to contingent consideration for future milestone payments to Varian, as the achievement of such milestones has not occurred and was not deemed probable. 

Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 The terms of the Series B Preferred Stock are as set forth in the Series B Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State and effective on April 3, 2024. The Series B Certificate of Designation authorizes a total of shares of Series B Preferred Stock, or the Series B Preferred Stock, with an initial conversion price of , or the Series B Preferred Conversion Price, which is subject to adjustment as provided in the Series B Certificate of Designation to no lower than . The Series B Preferred Stock has a stated value of per share. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is initially convertible into shares of our common stock, subject to adjustment as provided in the Series B Certificate of Designation. No fractional shares will be issued upon conversion; rather any fractional share will be rounded up to the nearest whole share. 
 
 Upon issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock, the Company was not solely in control of the redemption of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock as the Series B Preferred Stock has multiple redemption features that are outside of our control, including time-based maturity redemption and change of control redemption. Since the redemption of the Series B Preferred Stock was not solely in the control of the Company, the shares of Series B Preferred Stock are classified within mezzanine equity. The shares of Series B Preferred Stock were recorded at fair value of million partially offset by issuance costs of . Because this initial carrying value of the Series B Preferred Stock is higher than the maturity redemption price (i.e., the stated value of million with the per annum dividend over the period from issuance until maturity on January 2, 2025), no accretion of Series B Preferred Stock dividends will be recorded. The Series B Preferred Stock could become redeemable at higher values than the initial carrying value under the standard and customary triggering events or a redemption in the event of a change of control, in each case, pursuant to the terms of the Series B Certificate of Designations, but these are not probable of occurrence as of June 30, 2024. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there are shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding. (See the section titled, Note 13 Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders Equity - First Private Placement ). 

April 2023 Public Offering 
 
 On April 20, 2023, we entered into an underwriting agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc., or Ladenburg, as the sole underwriter relating to a public offering, or the April 2023 Offering, of an aggregate of units with each unit consisting of share of common stock and a warrant, or the April 2023 Warrants. The April 2023 Warrants are immediately exercisable for shares of common stock at a price of per share and expire five years from the date of issuance. The shares of common stock and the April 2023 Warrants were immediately separable and were issued separately in the April 2023 Offering. 
 
 In addition, Ladenburg exercised in full a 45-day option, or the Overallotment Option, to purchase up to additional shares of common stock and/or warrants to purchase up to additional shares of common stock. 
 
 The closing of the April 2023 Offering occurred on April 24, 2023, inclusive of the Overallotment Option. The offering price to the public was per unit resulting in gross proceeds to us of approximately million. After deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses payable by us, and excluding the proceeds, if any, from the exercise of the April 2023 Warrants issued pursuant to this April 2023 Offering, the net proceeds to us were approximately million. 
 
 We have determined that the appropriate accounting treatment under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , is to classify the shares of common stock and the April 2023 Warrants issued in the April 2023 Offering as equity. We have also determined that the April 2023 Warrants are not in their entirety a derivative under the scope of ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , due to the scope exception under ASC 815-10-15-74, nor are there any material embedded derivatives that require separate accounting. We allocated the net proceeds from the April 2023 Offering based on the relative fair value of the common stock and the April 2023 Warrants. 
 
 January 2023 Warrant Exercise Inducement Offer Letters 
 
 On January 20, 2023, we entered into warrant exercise inducement offer letters with certain holders of certain of our: (i) warrants issued in December 2019 to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share; (ii) warrants issued in May 2020 to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share, and (iii) warrants issued in March 2021 to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share (collectively, the January 2023 Existing Warrants). 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the inducement letters, we agreed to amend the January 2023 Existing Warrants by lowering the exercise price of the January 2023 Existing Warrants to per share. Additionally, the exercising holders agreed to exercise for cash all of their January 2023 Existing Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock in exchange for our agreement to issue to such exercising holders new warrants, or the January 2023 New Warrants, to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock. We received aggregate gross and net proceeds of approximately million and million, respectively, from the exercise of the January 2023 Existing Warrants by the exercising holders. 
 
 Each January 2023 New Warrant is exercisable into shares of common stock at a price per share of , was exercisable six months following its date of issuance, or the January 2023 Initial Exercise Date, and will expire on the fifth anniversary of the January 2023 Initial Exercise Date. 

February 2023 Warrant Exercise Inducement Offer Letter 
 
 On February 21, 2023, we entered into a warrant exercise inducement offer letter with Panacea Venture Healthcare Fund I, L.P., a holder of certain of our: (i) warrants issued in July 2018 to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share; (ii) warrants issued in December 2018 to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share; (iii) warrants issued in December 2019 to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share; and (iv) warrants issued in May 2020 to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share (collectively, the February 2023 Existing Warrants). 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the inducement letter, we agreed to amend the February 2023 Existing Warrants by lowering the exercise price of the February 2023 Existing Warrants to per share. Additionally, Panacea agreed to exercise for cash all of their February 2023 Existing Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock in exchange for our agreement to issue to Panacea new warrants, or the February 2023 New Warrants, to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock. We received aggregate gross and net proceeds of approximately million and million, respectively, from the exercise of the February 2023 Existing Warrants by Panacea. 
 
 Each February 2023 New Warrant is exercisable into shares of common stock at a price per share of , was exercisable six months following its date of issuance, or the February 2023 Initial Exercise Date, and will expire on the fifth anniversary of the February 2023 Initial Exercise Date. 
 
 Accounting for the January 2023 and February 2023 Warrant Exercise Inducement Offer Letters 
 
 The amendment of the January 2023 Existing Warrants and the February 2023 Existing Warrants by lowering the exercise prices and issuing the January 2023 New Warrants and the February 2023 New Warrants is considered a modification of the January 2023 Existing Warrants and the February 2023 Existing Warrants under the guidance of ASU 2021-04. The modification is consistent with the Equity Issuance classification under that guidance as the reason for the modification was to induce the holders to cash exercise their warrants, resulting in the imminent exercise of the January 2023 Existing Warrants and the February 2023 Existing Warrants, which raised equity capital and generated net proceeds for us of approximately million and million, respectively. The total fair value of the consideration of the modification includes the incremental fair value of the January 2023 Existing Warrants and the February 2023 Existing Warrants (determined by comparing the fair values immediately prior to and immediately after the modification) and the initial fair value of the January 2023 New Warrants and the February 2023 New Warrants. The fair values were calculated using the Black-Scholes model and we determined that the total fair value of the consideration related to the modification of the January 2023 Existing Warrants and the February 2023 Existing Warrants, including the initial fair value of the January 2023 New Warrants and the February 2023 New Warrants, was million and million, respectively. 
 
 At-The-Market Program 
 
 On November 9, 2023, we entered into the 2023 ATM Program with Ladenburg. We are not obligated to make any sales under the 2023 ATM Program. When we issue sale notices to Ladenburg, we designate the maximum amount of shares to be sold by Ladenburg daily and the minimum price per share at which shares may be sold. Ladenburg may sell shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at-the-market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or in privately negotiated transactions. 
 
 Sales under the 2023 ATM Program will be made pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-261878) filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021, and declared effective on January 3, 2022, and a prospectus supplement related thereto. 
 
 Either party may suspend the offering under the 2023 ATM Program by notice to the other party. The 2023 ATM Program will terminate upon the earlier of (i) the sale of all shares subject to the 2023 ATM Program or (ii) termination of the 2023 ATM Program in accordance with its terms. Either party may terminate the 2023 ATM Program at any time upon five business days' prior written notification to the other party in accordance with the related agreement. 
 
 We agreed to pay Ladenburg a commission of of the gross sales price of any shares sold pursuant to the 2023 ATM Program. The rate of compensation will not apply when Ladenburg acts as principal, in which case such rate shall be separately negotiated. We also agreed to reimburse Ladenburg for the fees and disbursements of its counsel in an amount not to exceed , in addition to certain ongoing disbursements of its legal counsel up to per calendar quarter. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , we sold shares of our common stock under the 2023 ATM Program resulting in aggregate gross and net proceeds to us of approximately million. 

Reverse split adjustments - fractional share round ups 
 Forfeited or expired 
 Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 Vested and exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 
 Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 

Reverse split adjustments - fractional share round ups 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

The table below summarizes the total stock-based compensation expense included in the interim unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented: 

General and administrative 
 Total 

The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing formula that uses assumptions noted in the following table. Expected volatilities are based upon the historical volatility of our common stock and other factors. We also use historical data and other factors to estimate option exercises and forfeiture rates. The risk-free interest rates are based upon the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. 

shares of our Series B Preferred Stock to certain creditors of Varian and (ii) agreed to pay up to million in milestone payments upon the achievement of certain regulatory and clinical development milestones with our option to pay such milestone payments either in cash or our common stock. 
 
 The Asset Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, covenants, closing conditions and indemnification provisions for a transaction of this nature, including, without limitation, confidentiality and non-compete undertakings by Varian. 
 
 The fair value of the consideration transferred for the shares of our Series B Preferred Stock was million. Because the assets acquired do not meet the definition of a business, and the assets have not reached technological feasibility and have no alternative future use, we expensed the consideration paid as research and development expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have not recorded a liability or expense related to contingent consideration for future milestone payments to Varian, as the achievement of such milestones has not occurred and was not deemed probable. 
 
 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
 
 In order to reduce expected costs with our contract research organization, Momentum Research, Inc., or MRI, on May 9, 2024, or the Effective Date, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Master Services Agreement and Work Order Nos. 11 and 12, or the Amendment, with MRI. The Amendment amends the Master Services Agreement we entered into with MRI on February 13, 2020, or the Original MSA, and the original Work Order Nos. 11 and 12 we entered into with MRI on June 1, 2023, collectively, the Original Work Orders. 

Under the Original MSA, we agreed to, among other things, engage MRI to provide non-exclusive research and development services, by executing individual work orders to be negotiated and specified in writing on terms agreed to by both parties on a later date. 
 
 Under the terms of the Amendment, we agreed to, among other things, be responsible for certain management, regulatory strategy, and reporting obligations in connection with our SEISMiC Extension study and MRI agreed to fully perform its obligations under the Original Work Orders with respect to the SEISMiC Extension study, including performance of all services and delivery of all deliverables required by the Original Work Orders. Additionally, with respect to the SEISMiC C Study, MRI agreed to be responsible for certain regulatory submissions, as provided in the Amendment. 
 
 Additionally, in consideration of and conditioned upon the payments described below, we and MRI each agreed to cancel and extinguish any and all amounts owed to MRI or us, respectively, each subject to the terms of the Amendment. The parties agreed that such cancellation and extinguishment shall not be construed as a waiver of claims by each party for breach of the Original MSA or either or both of the Original Work Orders other than for non-payment, nor a waiver of each party s respective indemnification rights under the Original MSA. 
 
 In consideration of MRI s full performance of the Original Work Orders and cancellation of accrued expenses as described above, we agreed to, among other things, pay MRI million in a series of scheduled payments through September 20, 2024, subject to the terms of the Amendment. If services were not completed by October 31, 2024, the parties agreed that MRI would continue its services until fully completed with no further compensation. In case of delayed payments, we agreed to pay MRI interest on any overdue amount from the due date until the date paid in full at a rate equal to per annum. If the SEISMiC Extension study and the SEISMiC C Study are terminated prior to September 20, 2024, then the next payment due after termination will be made to MRI and remaining payments that would have become due automatically become no longer payable. 
 
 Additionally, we agreed that, for a transaction consummated by December 31, 2027, we shall pay MRI an amount equal to of istaroxime license fees, milestone payments, royalties, securities or other property that we actually collect in respect of any license of istaroxime that we grant to any unaffiliated third party on or after the Effective Date; net of all legal and financial advisory fees and expenses actually paid by us in respect of the associated license transaction. Further, we agreed that if we commercialize istaroxime ourselves in the United States or another region, we shall also pay MRI an amount equal to of our net profit derived from direct sales of istaroxime to clients in our territory where sales occurred, as determined in our US GAAP financial statements. Pursuant to the Amendment, such payments on istaroxime sales will end when data and market exclusivity protection expires for istaroxime. 
 
 Further, in connection with the first to occur of either a Change of Control (as defined in the Amendment) or the sale of all or substantially all of our rights in istaroxime not in the context of a Change of Control, we agree to pay MRI an amount equal to of the sum of any cash and the fair market value of any securities or other property that we actually collect or receive that is attributable to our rights in istaroxime (subject to the terms of the Amendment), net of a ratable portion of certain fees and expenses as provided by the Amendment. 
 
 After December 1, 2025, we have the right to buy out the amounts due under certain provisions of the Amendment. 
 
 The foregoing descriptions of the Original MSA and Amendment are general descriptions only, do not purport to be complete descriptions of the rights and obligations of the parties thereunder, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the terms of such agreements, which are filed as Exhibit 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Term Sheet and Project Financing Agreement with Lee s (HK) 
 
 In March 2020, we entered into a Term Sheet with Lee s (HK), pursuant to which Lee s (HK) provided financing for the development of AEROSURF. In August 2020, we entered into a Project Financing Agreement with Lee s (HK), or the PF Agreement, formalizing the terms of the Term Sheet, and under which we received payments totaling million through October 2020. In November 2020, Lee s (HK) provided notice of termination of additional funding under the PF Agreement, and we and Lee s (HK) revised our plans for the continued development of AEROSURF. Lee s (HK) agreed to continue the development of AEROSURF in Asia at its own cost. Lee s (HK) agreed to fund an additional 1.0 million to us in 2021 for certain transition and analytical services to be provided by us with respect to the development of AEROSURF, which will be considered Project Expenses under the terms of the PF Agreement. In 2021, we received payments totaling million from Lee s (HK) and no further amounts were due under the PF Agreement. 
 
 Since the 2018 acquisition of CVie Investments Limited and CVie Therapeutics, istaroxime has become our primary focus for investment and execution due to what we believe represents a greater potential value opportunity for us and our stockholders. Since completing our Phase 2 study of lucinactant (KL4 surfactant) for patients with severe COVID-19 associated ARDS and lung injury in January 2022, in order to preserve resources for the highest priority programs, we have begun to reduce costs not already being performed by our licensee, Lee s (HK) and Zhaoke, under the terms of our Original License Agreement. These costs include certain reductions in headcount dedicated to KL4 surfactant and the decommissioning of both our analytical and technical support laboratory, which previously conducted release testing of APIs and supportive research for our lyophilized and aerosolized KL4 surfactant, and our medical device development laboratory, which was previously used to conduct development activities and testing for our ADS technologies. To support the future development of our KL4 surfactant platform in markets outside of Asia, including the U.S., we are pursuing one or more licensing transactions. 
 
 To repay the funds provided under the terms of the PF Agreement, until such time as we have repaid of the amounts funded by Lee s (HK) for the development of AEROSURF, we will pay to Lee s (HK) of all revenue amounts and payments received by us for any sale, divestiture, license or other development and/or commercialization of the KL4/AEROSURF patent portfolio, excluding (i) payments for bona fide research and development services; (ii) reimbursement of patent expenses and (iii) all amounts paid to us under the Original License Agreement, minus certain deductions and certain reductions for any payments made by us with respect to third party intellectual property not previously funded by Lee s (HK). 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the liability balance related to the payments under the PF Agreement was million and is recorded in other liabilities. 

A R License Agreement with Lee s (HK) 
 
 Previously, we were developing a KL4 surfactant platform, including AEROSURF (lucinactant for inhalation), to address a range of serious respiratory conditions in children and adults. In order to focus our resources on the development of our istaroxime pipeline, we suspended all internal AEROSURF clinical activities in November 2020, and, in January 2022 we began to reduce all other costs related to the KL4 surfactant platform that were not already being performed by our licensee, Lee s (HK) and Zhaoke, under the terms of the Original License Agreement. 
 
 On August 17, 2022, we entered into an Amended and Restated License, Development and Commercialization Agreement, or the A R License Agreement, with Lee s (HK) and Zhaoke effective as of August 9, 2022. We refer to Zhaoke and Lee s (HK) together as the Licensee. The A R License Agreement amends, restates, and supersedes the Original License Agreement. 
 
 Under the A R License Agreement, we granted to Licensee an exclusive license, with a right to sublicense, to develop, register, make, use, sell, offer for sale, import, distribute, and otherwise commercialize our KL4 surfactant products, including SURFAXIN , the lyophilized dosage form of SURFAXIN, and aerosolized KL4 surfactant, in each case for the prevention, mitigation and/or treatment of any respiratory disease, disorder, or condition in humans worldwide, except for Andorra, Greece, and Italy (including the Republic of San Marino and Vatican City), Portugal, and Spain, or the Licensed Territory, which countries are currently exclusively licensed to Laboratorios Del Dr. Esteve, S.A., or Esteve. If and when the exclusive license granted to Esteve terminates as to any country, such country automatically becomes part of the Licensed Territory of Licensee. 
 
 Under the Original License Agreement, Lee s (HK) previously made an upfront payment to us of 1.0 million. Pursuant to the terms of the A R License Agreement, we may also receive up to million in potential clinical, regulatory, and commercial milestone payments. We are also entitled to receive a low double-digit percentage of Licensee s non-royalty sublicense income. We are also eligible to receive tiered royalties based on a percentage of Net Sales (as defined in the A R License Agreement) that ranges from low single digit to low teen percentages, depending on the product. Royalties are payable on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the latest of (i) the expiration of the last valid patent claim covering the product in the country of sale, (ii) the expiration or revocation of any applicable regulatory exclusivity in the country of sale, and (iii) ten years after the first commercial sale of the product in the country of sale. Thereafter, in consideration of licensed rights other than patent rights, royalties shall continue for the commercial life of each product but at substantially reduced rates. In addition, the royalty rates are subject to reduction by as much as 50 in a given country based on generic competition in such country. 
 
 The A R License Agreement is considered to be a contract modification in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . No additional performance obligations were identified in the contract modification, and no future material performance obligations are due. 
 
 All revenue related to the million upfront payment under the Original License Agreement was appropriately recognized as of the second quarter of 2019. Regulatory and commercialization milestones under the A R License Agreement were excluded from the transaction price, as all milestone amounts were fully constrained under the guidance. Consideration related to sales-based milestones and royalties under the A R License Agreement will be recognized when the related sales occur, provided that the reported sales are reliably measurable and that we have no remaining performance obligations, as such sales were determined to relate predominantly to the license granted to Licensee and therefore have also been excluded from the transaction price. We will re-evaluate the transaction price in each future reporting period and as uncertain events are resolved or other changes in circumstances occur. 
 
 License, Development and Commercialization Agreement with Lee s (HK) 
 
 On January 12, 2024, we entered into a License, Development and Commercialization Agreement with Lee s (HK) effective as of January 7, 2024, or the Lee s (HK) License Agreement. Under the Lee s (HK) License Agreement, we granted an exclusive license, with a right to sublicense, to develop, register, make, use, sell, offer for sale, import, distribute and otherwise commercialize products that incorporate istaroxime for intravenous administration, rostafuroxin for oral administration, and our proprietary dual-mechanism SERCA2a activators for intravenous or oral administration (collectively, the Products and each, a Product), in each case for the prevention, mitigation and/or treatment of any disease, disorder or condition in humans including acute decompensated heart failure, cardiogenic shock, and chronic use following discharge of an individual hospitalized for acute decompensated heart failure, or Field, in the People s Republic of China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, Vietnam, Brunei, Myanmar, Cambodia, East Timor, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, and the Philippines, or the New Licensed Territory. 
 
 Under the Lee s (HK) License Agreement, we may receive up to million in potential upfront pre-development, development, clinical, and regulatory milestone payments and up to million in sales milestone payments. We are also entitled to receive a low double-digit percentage of Lee s (HK) non-royalty sublicense income. 
 
 We are eligible to receive tiered royalties based on a percentage of Net Sales (as defined in the Lee s (HK) License Agreement) that ranges from low single-digit to low double-digit percentages, depending on the Product. Royalties are payable on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the latest of (i) the expiration of the last valid patent claim covering the Product in the country of sale, (ii) the expiration or revocation of any applicable regulatory exclusivity in the country of sale, and (iii) ten years after the first commercial sale of the Product in the country of sale. Thereafter, in consideration of licensed rights other than patent rights, royalties shall continue for the commercial life of each Product but at substantially reduced rates. In addition, the royalty rates are subject to reduction by as much as in a given country based on generic competition in such country. 

Under the Lee s (HK) License Agreement, Lee s (HK) will be solely and exclusively responsible for all costs and activities related to the development, manufacturing, regulatory approval and commercialization of Products in the New Licensed Territory, with the exception of certain costs in connection with filing fees payable to regulatory authorities in the New Licensed Territory relative to a Product for which we hold the applicable marketing authorization. Lee s (HK) may sublicense its rights to its affiliates and may grant sublicenses to third-party subcontractors to perform certain activities under the Lee s (HK) License Agreement on behalf of Lee s (HK) or its affiliates but may not otherwise grant sublicenses to unaffiliated third parties without our prior consent. A sublicensee and a subcontractor may not be a competitor identified by us. Sublicenses granted under the Lee s (HK) License Agreement may not include the right to further sublicense. The Lee s (HK) License Agreement establishes a joint steering committee and a joint development committee to oversee the regional development (with us retaining final decision rights over clinical protocols) and a joint commercialization committee. 
 
 During the term of the Lee s (HK) License Agreement, we receive an exclusive (even as to Lee s (HK)), sublicensable license under any Lee s (HK) and its affiliate s intellectual property that covers a Product (including its manufacture and use) and any improvements to the licensed technology developed solely by or on behalf of Lee s (HK) or jointly with us, to (i) develop Product in the Field to obtain or maintain regulatory approval outside of the New Licensed Territory, and (ii) use, sell, offer for sale, import, export, make, have made, distribute, warehouse, market, promote, apply for and submit applications for drug approval and reimbursement approval and otherwise commercialize Product in the Field outside of the New Licensed Territory. After the term of the Lee s (HK) License Agreement, or in the event that we wish to obtain an exclusive license under certain patent rights during or after the term, we have the option to negotiate an exclusive royalty-bearing license under any such intellectual property, provided that such royalties shall not exceed specified low single-digit caps. 
 
 Under the Lee s (HK) License Agreement, each party is responsible for prosecution and maintenance of its respective solely-owned patents, and the parties shall decide on a case-by-case basis the appropriate allocation of costs and control concerning matters regarding the prosecution, maintenance, defense and infringement of any jointly-owned patents. The Lee s (HK) License Agreement provides for cooperation between the parties with respect to enforcement of patent rights. As between the parties, we have the first right to enforce patent rights against third parties at our own expense. If we decline to enforce such rights, Lee s (HK) has the right to enforce such rights at its own expense. In the event that a third party claims that a Product used or sold by Lee s (HK) (or its affiliate or sublicensee) is infringing on a patent in the New Licensed Territory, Lee s (HK) is responsible for defending against such third party claim at its cost and expense, with the exception of certain counterclaims that we may bring. 
 
 The term of the Lee s (HK) License Agreement will continue on a country-by-country basis for the commercial life of the Products. Either party may terminate the Lee s (HK) License Agreement in the event of bankruptcy or a material breach of the Lee s (HK) License Agreement by the other party that remains uncured for a period of sixty days (or within 30 days after delivery of a Default Notice (as defined in the Lee s (HK) License Agreement) if such material breach is solely based on the breaching party s failure to pay amount due under the Lee s (HK) License Agreement). In addition, either party may terminate the Lee s (HK) License Agreement with respect to any individual Product in a country if a regulatory authority in such country terminates, suspends or discontinues development of such Product and such termination, suspension or discontinuance persists for a period in excess of 18 months. Upon termination of the Lee s (HK) License Agreement in its entirety or with respect to a particular Product or country, generally all related rights and licenses granted to Lee s (HK) will terminate, all rights under our technology will revert to us, and Lee s (HK) will cease all use of our technology, in each case in relation to the terminated Product(s) and country(ies), as applicable. 
 
 The Lee s (HK) License Agreement constitutes a contract with a customer accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 606. The promise of the istaroxime product, dual mechanism SERCA2a activator products, and rostafuroxin product license is the sole performance obligation provided in the Lee s (HK) License Agreement. The performance obligation was fully satisfied as of the effective date of the Lee s (HK) License Agreement, and no future material performance obligations are due. 
 
 No revenue has been recognized under the Lee s (HK) License Agreement. Clinical, regulatory and commercialization milestones under the Lee s (HK) License Agreement were excluded from the transaction price, as all milestone amounts were fully constrained under the guidance. Consideration related to sales-based milestones and royalties under the Lee s (HK) License Agreement will be recognized when the related sales occur, provided that the reported sales are reliably measurable and that we have no remaining performance obligations, as such sales were determined to relate predominantly to the license granted to Lee s (HK) and therefore have also been excluded from the transaction price. We will re-evaluate the transaction price in each future reporting period and as uncertain events are resolved or other changes in circumstances occur. 

million shares of Common Stock under the ELOC Purchase Agreement for gross proceeds of million. From these proceeds we paid million for accrued and unpaid dividends and an additional million to redeem Series C Preferred Shares as of November 21, 2024 for an aggregate redemption price of million. 
 
 Conversions of Series C Preferred Stock 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024 and through November 21, 2024, shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing activities, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. These statements are based on our beliefs and expectations about future outcomes and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from anticipated results. We undertake no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The reader should review the section titled Forward-Looking Statements and any risk factors discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which are in addition to and supplement the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on April 16, 2024 , as supplemented by our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 filed thereafter, and our other filings with the SEC, and any amendments thereto, for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis or elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis, or MD A, is provided as a supplement to the accompanying interim unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (including the notes thereto) to help provide an understanding of our financial condition and changes in our financial condition and our results of operations. This item should be read in connection with our accompanying interim unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (including the notes thereto) and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . Unless otherwise specified, references to Notes in this MD A refer to the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 We are a biotechnology company focused on advancing early and late-stage innovative therapies for critical conditions and diseases. Our portfolio of product candidates includes istaroxime, a Phase 2 candidate that inhibits the sodium-potassium ATPase and also activates sarco endoplasmic reticulum Ca2+ -ATPase 2a, or SERCA2a, for acute heart failure and associated cardiogenic shock; preclinical SERCA2a activators for heart failure; rostafuroxin for the treatment of hypertension in patients with a specific genetic profile; and a preclinical atypical protein kinase C iota, or aPKCi, inhibitor (topical and oral formulations), being developed for potential application in rare and broad oncology indications. We also have a licensing business model with partnership out-licenses currently in place. 
 
 Our lead product candidate, istaroxime, is a first-in-class, dual-acting agent being developed to increase blood pressure and improve cardiac function in patients with cardiogenic shock and to improve cardiac function in patients with acute heart failure, or AHF, and reverse the hypotension and hypoperfusion associated with heart failure that deteriorates to cardiogenic shock. Istaroxime demonstrated significant improvement in both systolic and diastolic aspects of cardiac function and was generally well tolerated in three Phase 2 clinical trials. Istaroxime has been granted Fast Track designation for the treatment of AHF by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. Based on the profile observed in our Phase 2 clinical studies in AHF, where istaroxime significantly improved cardiac function and systolic blood pressure, or SBP, in acute decompensated heart failure patients and had a favorable renal profile, we initiated a Phase 2 global clinical study, or the SEISMiC Study, to evaluate istaroxime for the treatment of early cardiogenic shock (Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions, or SCAI, Stage B shock), a severe form of AHF characterized by very low blood pressure and risk for hypoperfusion to critical organs and mortality. In April 2022, we announced our observations in the SEISMiC Study that istaroxime rapidly and significantly increased SBP while also improving cardiac function and preserving renal function. We believe that istaroxime has the potential to fulfill an unmet need in early and potentially more severe cardiogenic shock. We further believe that the data from the SEISMiC Study supports continued development in both cardiogenic shock and AHF. In September 2024, we announced positive topline results from our Phase 2b SEISMiC Extension Study, or the SEISMiC Extension, which demonstrated that istaroxime infused intravenously significantly improves cardiac function and blood pressure without increasing heart rate or clinically significant cardiac rhythm disturbances. Additionally, we have initiated a study in more severe SCAI Stage C cardiogenic shock, or the SEISMiC C Study, to evaluate the safety and efficacy of istaroxime in cardiogenic shock patients who are also receiving standard of care rescue therapy for shock. The SEISMiC C Study is expected to enroll up to 100 subjects with SCAI Stage C cardiogenic shock with enrollment anticipated to be completed in late 2025. An unblinded review of the data from the first 20 subjects is planned to take place in early Q2 2025. Our ability to complete this study with its intended sample size is dependent upon our ability to secure adequate resourcing for the program through financing efforts or business development activities. 
 
 Our heart failure cardiovascular portfolio also includes other SERCA2a activators. One family of compounds has the dual mechanism of action that includes inhibition of the sodium-potassium ATPase as well as activation of SERCA2a. The other family of compounds are considered selective SERCA2a activators and are devoid of activity against the sodium-potassium ATPase. This research program is evaluating these preclinical product candidates, including oral and intravenous SERCA2a activator heart failure compounds. These candidates would potentially be developed for both acute decompensated and chronic out-patient heart failure. In addition, our cardiovascular drug product candidates include rostafuroxin, a novel product candidate for the treatment of hypertension in patients with a specific genetic profile. We are pursuing potential licensing arrangements and/or other strategic partnerships and do not intend to advance the development of rostafuroxin without securing such an arrangement or partnership. 
 
 Our cardiovascular assets and programs are associated with a regional licensed partnership with Lee s Pharmaceutical (HK) Ltd., or Lee s (HK), for the development and commercialization of our product candidate, istaroxime, in Greater China. In addition to istaroxime, the agreement also licenses our preclinical next-generation dual mechanism SERCA2a activators, and rostafuroxin. In addition, we are supporting the efforts of Lee s (HK) in starting a Phase 3 trial in AHF with istaroxime. 

26

Table of Contents 

On April 2, 2024, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement, or the Asset Purchase Agreement, with Varian Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., or Varian. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, we purchased all of the assets of Varian s business associated with a license agreement, dated as of July 5, 2019, by and between Varian and Cancer Research Technology Limited, or the Licence Agreement, which includes the Licence Agreement, all rights in molecules and compounds subject to the Licence Agreement, know-how and inventory of drug substance, or the Transferred Assets. The Transferred Assets include a novel, potential high-potency, specific, aPKCi inhibitor with possible broad use in oncology as well as certain rare malignant diseases. The asset platform includes two formulations (topical and oral) of an aPKCi inhibitor. We plan to advance investigational new drug enabling activities and are in the process of determining the expected clinical development plan for the platform. 
 
 We have incurred net losses since inception. Our net loss was 2.7 million and 4.6 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . Included in net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is 7.5 million of non-cash R D expense related to costs in connection with the Varian asset acquisition and a 14.6 million gain on debt extinguishment. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , our net loss was 4.4 million and 15.1 million, respectively. Included in our net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is a 3.1 million loss on impairment of goodwill. As of September 30, 2024 , we had an accumulated deficit of 848.8 million. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through private placements and public offerings of our common and preferred stock, warrants to purchase common stock, and borrowings from investors and financial institutions. 
 
 We expect to continue to incur significant research and clinical development, regulatory, and other expenses as we (i) continue to develop our product candidates; (ii) seek regulatory clearances or approvals for our product candidates; (iii) conduct clinical trials on our product candidates; and (iv) manufacture, market, and sell any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval. 
 
 Our ability to advance our development programs is dependent upon our ability to secure additional capital in both the near and long-term, through public or private securities offerings; convertible debt financings; and/or potential strategic opportunities, including licensing agreements, drug product development, marketing collaboration arrangements, pharmaceutical research cooperation arrangements, and/or other similar transactions in geographic markets, including the U.S., and/or through potential grants and other funding commitments from U.S. government agencies, in each case, if available. We have engaged with potential counterparties in various markets and will continue to pursue non-dilutive sources of capital as well as potential private and public securities offerings. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to identify and enter into public or private securities offerings on acceptable terms and in amounts sufficient to meet our needs or qualify for non-dilutive funding opportunities under any grant programs sponsored by U.S. government agencies, private foundations, and/or leading academic institutions, or identify and enter into any strategic transactions that will provide the additional capital that we will require. If none of these alternatives is available, or if available and we are unable to raise sufficient capital through such transactions, we potentially could be forced to limit or cease our development activities, as well as modify or cease our operations, either of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Business and Program Updates 
 
 The reader is referred to, and encouraged to read in its entirety, Item 1 Business in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 that we filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024 , which contains a discussion of our business and business plans, as well as information concerning our proprietary technologies and our current and planned development programs. 
 
 Istaroxime (Cardiogenic Shock) 
 
 In September 2020, we initiated a Phase 2 clinical study of istaroxime for the acute treatment of cardiogenic shock in more severe heart failure patients than previously studied to evaluate the potential to improve blood pressure (primary measure) and cardiac function (secondary measure). The study also evaluated the safety and side effect profile of istaroxime in this patient population. In April 2022, we announced positive topline results with istaroxime in rapidly and significantly raising SBP. In May 2022, we presented data from our positive Phase 2 study of istaroxime in early cardiogenic shock in a late-breaker presentation at the European Society of Cardiology Heart Failure Meeting in Madrid, Spain and, in September 2022, the results were published in the European Journal of Heart Failure. There is a significant unmet medical need in the area of early cardiogenic shock and severe heart failure. Istaroxime demonstrated a meaningful increase in blood pressure while simultaneously increasing cardiac output and preserving renal function in clinical trials of this condition. 
 
 In September 2024, we announced positive topline results from our SEISMiC Extension study which enrolled 30 patients with SCAI Stage B cardiogenic shock and demonstrated significant improvement in systolic blood pressure and cardiac function as well as improving pulmonary congestion and renal function. This study evaluated lower doses and longer duration of dosing than in previous studies. These data were presented at the Heart Failure Society of America meeting in September 2024. This study contributed to optimizing the istaroxime dosing regimen and extended the favorable safety and tolerability profile for the istaroxime program. Multiple secondary endpoints supported the positive outcome on the primary endpoint of systolic blood pressure AUC over the first 6 hours of study drug infusion. These included assessments from invasive hemodynamics (from a pulmonary artery catheter), echocardiography and Holter monitoring. The most commonly reported adverse events were gastrointestinal (nausea and vomiting) and infusion site discomfort, both known to occur with istaroxime administration from previous clinical trials. Additionally, we have initiated enrollment for the SEISMiC C study, which is expected to enroll up to 100 subjects with SCAI Stage C cardiogenic shock with enrollment anticipated to be completed in late 2025. An unblinded review of data from the first 20 subjects is planned to take place in early Q2 2025. We believe that the SEISMiC Extension and SEISMiC C studies will further characterize the effects associated with SERCA2a activation and will support our clinical and regulatory strategy for istaroxime. We currently do not have sufficient capital to fully complete the SEISMiC C clinical trial and will need to secure adequate resourcing for the study through financing efforts or business development activities. 
 
 Istaroxime (AHF) 
 
 There is substantial potential synergy between our clinical trial program in early cardiogenic shock and our development program in acute decompensated heart failure. Both programs are focused on treating heart failure patients with acute congestion and low blood pressure requiring hospitalization. We believe that this category of heart failure patients (whether they are in shock or not) could particularly benefit from the unique profile and potential ability of istaroxime to improve cardiac function and increase blood pressure while maintaining or improving renal function. Our strategy is to advance istaroxime in cardiogenic shock as the lead indication and utilize this data and experience, along with the positive Phase 2a and 2b AHF studies, already completed, to potentially enter Phase 3 for acute decompensated heart failure in the normal to low SBP population. We currently do not have sufficient capital to execute our clinical trial in AHF and are seeking partnership opportunities to advance the program. We believe the Phase 3 AHF program being planned by our licensing partner in China may provide supportive data for potential AHF programs initiated in the future. 

27

Table of Contents 

SERCA2a Activators Preclinical Oral, Chronic, and Acute Heart Failure Product Candidates 
 
 We are pursuing several early exploratory research programs to assess potential product candidates, including oral and intravenous dual mechanism or selective SERCA2a activator heart failure compounds, and believe that we can add value to our cardiovascular portfolio by advancing these SERCA2a activator candidates through preclinical studies. In April 2023, we announced that the European Patent Office has granted Patent No. 3599243, providing patent coverage for the dual mechanism SERCA2a Activator class of drug candidates. This patent provides protection until July 2038 for the family of compounds with a dual mechanism of action. To further advance these product candidates, we are actively exploring potential licensing transactions, research partnership arrangements, or other strategic opportunities. Additionally, the United States Patent and Trademark Office has issued US Patent No. 11,730,746 covering our dual mechanism SERCA2a activators. The new composition of matter patent provides patent protection through late 2039. Further, the European Patent Office has granted Patent No. 3805243, providing composition of matter patent coverage for the pure SERCA2a Activator class of drug candidates. The pure SERCA2a Activators are one of two families of preclinical drug candidates that act on SERCA2a in the Company s pipeline. The pure SERCA2a Activators are devoid of action on the Na+/K+ pump while activating SERCA2a. The new European patent provides patent protection until October 9, 2039 for the family of compounds with the pure SERCA2a mechanism of action. 
 
 Rostafuroxin 
 
 Rostafuroxin has demonstrated efficacy in Caucasian patients in treatment na ve hypertension in a Phase 2b trial. During the second quarter of 2021, we concluded an initial process to test the industry s interest in investing in our product candidate. We currently have not been able to secure a licensing transaction or other strategic opportunity. Based on feedback received from potential licensing partners, we have determined that there is a need for an additional Phase 2 clinical trial to demonstrate efficacy in African American patients in treatment resistant hypertension. We are continuing to pursue licensing arrangements and/or other strategic partnerships for rostafuroxin. We do not intend to conduct the additional Phase 2 clinical trial without securing such an arrangement or partnership. 
 
 aPKCi inhibitor (topical formulation previously designated as VAR-101) 
 
 The topical (cutaneous) formulation is a small molecule that may have potential for the treatment of basal cell carcinoma, or BCC. The active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, in aPKCi inhibitor (topical) has demonstrated dose dependent anti-tumor activity in murine and human BCC cell lines, in studies performed at Cancer Research UK, or CRUK, a charity registered in England and Scotland, and based in London, United Kingdom. CRUK collaborators, including Stanford University under a sponsored research agreement with CRUK, completed the preclinical tumor cell line data and the BCC cell line data that formed the basis for additional method of use patents that are included in the License Agreement. These types of in vitro studies in tumor cell lines are typical early-stage models of activity or efficacy when testing a new chemical compound, the data from which is used in regulatory filings for first-in-man clinical trials. These mouse models of BCC and lung cancer were performed by CRUK and their collaborators. 
 
 aPKCi inhibitor (oral formulation previously designated as VAR-102) 
 
 The oral formulation is a small molecule that may have potential for the treatment of solid tumors. The API in the aPKCi inhibitor (oral) is the same as the API in aPKCi inhibitor (topical). In the scientific literature, the presence and activation of aPKCi has been implicated in the growth of multiple human cancers including non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC, pancreatic, and ovarian cancer. The API in aPKCi inhibitor (oral) has demonstrated dose dependent anti-tumor activity in a mouse model of NSCLC (squamous cell lung carcinoma), in studies performed at CRUK and with its collaborators. Preclinical experiments of the API in aPKCi inhibitor (oral), appears to show dose dependent anti-tumor activity in a xenograft NSCLC model. 
 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 
 On April 19, 2024, we filed an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to implement a 1-for-18 reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock. The reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock was effected at a ratio of 1 post-split share for every 18 pre-split shares as of 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on April 19, 2024. The reverse stock split correspondingly adjusted the per share exercise price of all outstanding options and all shares underlying any of our outstanding warrants by reducing the conversion ratio for each outstanding warrant and increasing the applicable exercise price or conversion price in accordance with the terms of each outstanding warrant and based on the reverse stock split ratio. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the reverse stock split. The number of shares of common stock authorized under our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is unchanged at 120 million shares. The accompanying interim unaudited condensed financial statements reflect the 1-for-18 reverse split of our common stock. All share and per share information data herein that relates to our common stock prior to the effective date has been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse stock split. 
 
 Continued Listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market 
 
 On January 22, 2024, we received a deficiency letter from the Staff of Nasdaq notifying us that, for the last 31 consecutive business days, the closing bid price for our common stock has been below the minimum 1.00 per share required for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Rule 5550(a)(2). The Nasdaq deficiency letter had no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock, and our common stock continued to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol WINT . We were initially given 180 calendar days, or until July 22, 2024, to regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2). 
 
 As described above, on April 19, 2024, we effected a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, at a ratio of 1 post-split share for every 18 pre-split shares. On May 6, 2024, we received written confirmation from Nasdaq notifying us that we had regained compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2). There can be no assurances that we will maintain compliance with the Nasdaq listing rules, including Rule 5550(a)(2). 

28

Table of Contents 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 For a discussion of our accounting policies, see the section titled, Note 4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 , Note 4 Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements. Readers are encouraged to review those disclosures in conjunction with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 
 We record acquired intangible assets and goodwill based on estimated fair value. The identifiable intangible assets resulting from the CVie Therapeutics acquisition in December 2018 relate to in-process research and development, or IPR D, of istaroxime and rostafuroxin. The IPR D assets are considered indefinite-lived intangible assets until completion or abandonment of the associated research and development efforts. IPR D is not amortized but reviewed for impairment at least annually, or when events or changes in the business environment indicate the carrying value may be impaired. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , no events or changes in circumstances occurred indicating that our IPR D intangible assets were more likely than not impaired. 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination and is not amortized. It is reviewed for impairment at least annually or when events or changes in the business environment indicate that its carrying value may be impaired. 
 
 During each of the first and second quarters of 2023, the continued declining trend in the closing share price of our common stock suggested that the fair value of our reporting unit was more likely than not less than its carrying value. Based on an interim goodwill impairment tests, we determined that the fair value of our reporting unit was more likely than not less than its carrying value. As a result, we recorded a loss on impairment of goodwill of 0.5 million in the first quarter of 2023 and an additional loss of 2.6 million, representing the remaining balance of goodwill, in the second quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the aggregate loss on impairment of goodwill is 3.1 million, recognized within operating expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of June 30, 2023, goodwill was written down to zero on our condensed consolidated balances sheet. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , goodwill was zero on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The following table represents identifiable intangible assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 : 

September 30, 

December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Istaroxime drug candidate 

22,340 

22,340 

Rostafuroxin drug candidate 

2,910 

2,910 

Intangible assets 

25,250 

25,250 

Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expenses 
 
 IPR D expenses include consideration for the purchase of IPR D through asset acquisitions and license agreements as well as payments made in connection with asset acquisitions and license agreements upon the achievement of development milestones. 
 
 We evaluate in-licensed agreements for IPR D projects to determine if it meets the definition of a business and thus should be accounted for as a business combination. If the in-licensed agreement for IPR D does not meet the definition of a business and the assets have not reached technological feasibility and have no alternative future use, we expense payments made under such license agreements as research and development expense in the consolidated statements of operations. In those cases, payments for milestones achieved and payments for a product license prior to regulatory approval of the product are expensed in the period incurred. Payments made in connection with regulatory and sales-based milestones are capitalized and amortized to cost of revenue. 
 
 Convertible Debt and Equity Instruments 
 
 We review the terms of convertible debt and equity instruments to determine whether there are conversion features or embedded derivative instruments including embedded conversion options that are required to be bifurcated and accounted for separately as derivative financial instruments under ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . 
 
 In circumstances where the convertible instrument contains more than one embedded derivative instrument, including conversion options that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single compound instrument. Also, in connection with the sale of convertible debt and equity instruments, we may issue free standing warrants that may, depending on their terms, be accounted for as derivative instrument liabilities, rather than as equity. When convertible debt or equity instruments contain embedded derivative instruments that are to be bifurcated and accounted for separately, the total proceeds allocated to the convertible host instruments are first allocated to the fair value of the bifurcated derivative instrument. The remaining proceeds, if any, are then allocated to the convertible instruments themselves, usually resulting in those instruments being recorded at a discount from their face amount. When we issue debt securities, which bear interest at rates that are lower than market rates, we recognize a discount, which is offset against the carrying value of the debt. Such discount from the face value of the debt, together with the stated interest on the instrument, is amortized over the life of the instrument through periodic charges to income. 
 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 
 Derivatives are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. The conversion features of the convertible notes are embedded derivatives and are separately valued and accounted for on the consolidated balance sheet with changes in fair value recognized during the period of change as a separate component of other income (expense). Fair values for exchange-traded securities and derivatives are based on quoted market prices. The pricing model we use for determining the fair value of non-exchange traded derivatives is the Monte Carlo model. Valuations derived from this model are subject to ongoing internal and external verification and review. The model uses market-sourced inputs such as interest rates and stock price volatilities. 

29

Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months EndedSeptember 30, 2024 and 2023 

Three Months Ended 

Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 

September 30, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Change 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Expenses: 

Research and development 

1,968 

2,110 

(142) 

14,084 

5,288 

8,796 

General and administrative 

2,773 

2,580 

193 

6,514 

7,292 

(778) 

Loss on impairment of goodwill 

- 

- 

- 

- 

3,058 

(3,058) 

Total operating expenses 

4,741 

4,690 

51 

20,598 

15,638 

4,960 

Operating loss 

(4,741) 

(4,690) 

(51) 

(20,598) 

(15,638) 

(4,960) 

Other income (expense): 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

71 

- 

71 

14,591 

- 

14,591 

Change in fair value of common stock warrant liability 

2,166 

- 

2,166 

2,166 

- 

2,166 

Interest income 

12 

112 

(100) 

62 

264 

(202) 

Interest expense 

(51) 

(13) 

(38) 

(174) 

(38) 

(136) 

Other (expense) income, net 

(446) 

166 

(612) 

(530) 

275 

(805) 

Total other income, net 

1,752 

265 

1,487 

16,115 

501 

15,614 

Loss before income taxes 

(2,989) 

(4,425) 

1,436 

(4,483) 

(15,137) 

10,654 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

240 

- 

240 

(71) 

- 

(71) 

Net loss 

(2,749) 

(4,425) 

1,676 

(4,554) 

(15,137) 

10,583 

30

Table of Contents 

Research and Development Expenses 
 
 Our research and development expenses are charged to operations as incurred and we incur both direct and indirect expenses for each of our programs. We track direct research and development expenses by preclinical and clinical programs, which include third-party costs such as contract research organization, contract manufacturing organizations, contract laboratories, consulting, and clinical trial costs. We do not allocate indirect research and development expenses, which include product development and manufacturing expenses and clinical, medical, and regulatory operations expenses, to specific programs. We also account for research and development and report annually by major expense category as follows: (i) contracted services; (ii) salaries and benefits; (iii) rents and utilities; (iv) stock-based compensation; (v) depreciation; and (vi) other. We expect that our research and development expenses related to the istaroxime cardiogenic shock program will continue to increase to the extent that we continue the SEISMiC C study in patients with more severe SCAI Stage C cardiogenic shock. We currently do not have sufficient capital to fully complete these clinical trials. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing, and estimated costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of our product candidates. We are also unable to predict when, if ever, material net cash inflows will commence from sales of our product candidates. 
 
 Research and development expenses are as follows: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

Increase 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

Increase 

(in thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

(Decrease) 

2024 

2023 

(Decrease) 

Acquired IPR D from Varian asset purchase 

- 

- 

- 

7,495 

- 

7,495 

Istaroxime cardiogenic shock program 

1,254 

1,264 

(10) 

4,413 

2,305 

2,108 

Istaroxime AHF 

25 

17 

8 

25 

9 

16 

KL4 surfactant 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(34) 

34 

Total direct clinical and preclinical programs 

1,279 

1,281 

(2) 

4,438 

2,280 

2,158 

Product development and manufacturing 

221 

249 

(28) 

660 

735 

(75) 

Clinical, medical, and regulatory operations 

468 

580 

(112) 

1,491 

2,273 

(782) 

Total research and development expenses 

1,968 

2,110 

(142) 

14,084 

5,288 

8,796 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, research and development expenses include non-cash charges of 7.5 million associated with the acquired IPR D related to the Asset Purchase Agreement with Varian (See the section titled, Note 13 - Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders' Equity - Asset Purchase Agreement with Varian Biopharmaceuticals ). 
 
 Direct Clinical and Preclinical Programs 
 
 Direct clinical and preclinical programs include: (i) activities associated with conducting clinical trials, including contract research organization costs, patient enrollment costs, clinical site costs, clinical drug supply, and related external costs, such as consultant fees and expenses; and (ii) development activities, toxicology studies, and other preclinical studies. 
 
 Total direct clinical and preclinical programs expenses were comparable for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased 2.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to costs related to the istaroxime cardiogenic shock program as described below. 
 
 Istaroxime cardiogenic shock program costs were comparable for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased 2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 due to (i) the timing of the trial execution costs for the SEISMiC Extension study, which began enrollment in the fourth quarter of 2023 and (ii) the start-up procedures for the SEISMiC C study in patients with more severe SCAI Stage C cardiogenic shock. 
 
 Istaroxime AHF costs have been limited as we focus our resources on the execution of the istaroxime cardiogenic shock program. 
 
 Costs related to the KL4 surfactant platform are expected to be minimal as prior KL4 surfactant platform clinical trials have now been closed out. 

31

Table of Contents 

Product Development and Manufacturing 
 
 Product development and manufacturing includes (i) manufacturing operations with our contract manufacturing organization, validation activities, quality assurance; and (ii) pharmaceutical and manufacturing development activities of our drug product candidates, including development of istaroxime. These costs include employee expenses, facility-related costs, depreciation, costs of drug substances (including raw materials), supplies, quality assurance activities, and expert consultants and outside services to support pharmaceutical development activities. 
 
 Product development and manufacturing expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are comparable to the same periods in 2023 . 
 
 Clinical, Medical, and Regulatory Operations 
 
 Clinical, medical, and regulatory operations include medical, scientific, preclinical and clinical, regulatory, data management, and biostatistics activities in support of our research and development programs. These costs include personnel, expert consultants, outside services to support regulatory and data management, symposiums at key medical meetings, facilities-related costs, and other costs for the management of clinical trials. 
 
 Clinical, medical, and regulatory operations expenses decreased 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to a decrease of 0.1 million in non-cash stock-based compensation expense. 
 
 Clinical, medical, and regulatory operations expenses decreased 0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to (i) a decrease of 0.7 million in personnel costs; and (ii) a decrease of 0.1 million in non-cash stock-based compensation expense. 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 General and administrative expenses consist of costs for executive management, business development, intellectual property, finance and accounting, legal, insurance, human resources, information technology, facilities, and other administrative costs. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to (i) an increase of 0.9 million in professional fees, primarily related to costs associated with the First and Second PIPEs that were allocated to the July 2024 Warrants and expensed immediately; partially offset by (ii) a decrease of 0.4 million in severance costs; (iii) a decrease of 0.2 million in non-cash stock-based compensation expense; and (iv) a decrease of 0.1 million in insurance costs. 
 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to (i) a decrease of 0.4 million in personnel costs; (ii) a decrease of 0.4 million in severance costs; (iii) a decrease of 0.4 million in non-cash stock-based compensation expense; and (iv) a decrease of 0.3 million in insurance costs; partially offset by (v) an increase of 0.7 million in professional fees, primarily related to costs associated with the First and Second PIPEs that were allocated to the July 2024 Warrants and expensed immediately. 
 
 Other (Expense) Income, Net 
 
 On January 24, 2024, we and affiliates of Deerfield Management Company L.P., or Deerfield, entered into an Exchange and Termination Agreement, or the Exchange and Termination Agreement, wherein Deerfield agreed to terminate its rights to receive certain milestone payments in exchange for (i) cash in the aggregate amount of 0.2 million and (ii) an aggregate of 33,793 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share (See the section titled, Note 12 - Restructured Debt Liability ). This transaction was accounted for as an extinguishment of debt in accordance with ASC 470, Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments , and as a result, we recognized a 14.5 million non-cash gain on debt extinguishment. 
 
 Change in fair value of common stock warrant liability relates to the change in fair value of the July 2024 Warrants, which are classified as a liability on our condensed consolidated balance sheet and are recorded at fair value at the end of each period. The July 2024 warrants had an initial fair value of 10.8 million upon issuance. As of September 30, 2024, the change in the estimated fair value of the July 2024 warrants was 2.2 million. For further details, refer to "Note 8 - Common Stock Warrant Liability." 
 
 Interest income relates to interest on our money market account for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 . 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense consists primarily of interest expense associated with the amortization of the issuance costs and the debt discount related to our senior convertible notes payable. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, interest expense consists of interest expense associated with our notes payable. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Total other income, net primarily consists of initial recognition and remeasurement changes in the fair value of derivative liabilities associated with our senior convertible notes payable and our ELOC commitment note, partially offset by net loss on foreign currency translation. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, other (expense) income, net primarily consists of net loss on foreign currency translation. Foreign currency gains and losses are primarily due to changes in the New Taiwan dollar exchange rate related to activities of our wholly-owned subsidiary, CVie Therapeutics Limited, in Taiwan. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded income tax benefit of 0.2 million and income tax expense of 0.1 million, respectively, related to the tax on our estimated taxable income for the year, primarily due to the gain on debt extinguishment (See the section titled, Note 12 Restructured Debt Liability ). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , there was no income tax expense due to losses incurred and forecasted for 2023 as well as a full valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. 

32

Table of Contents 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 We are subject to risks common to companies in the biotechnology industry, including but not limited to the need for additional capital, risks of failure of preclinical and clinical studies, the need to obtain marketing approval and reimbursement for any drug product candidate that we may identify and develop, the need to successfully commercialize and gain market acceptance of our product candidates, dependence on key personnel, protection of proprietary technology, compliance with government regulations, development of technological innovations by competitors, and risks associated with our international operations in Taiwan and activities abroad, including but not limited to having foreign suppliers, manufacturers, and clinical sites in support of our development activities. 
 
 We have incurred net losses since inception. Our net loss was 2.7 million and 4.6 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . Included i n our net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is 2.2 million related to the change in fair value of our common stock warrant liability. Also included in our net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is 7.5 million of non-cash R D expense related to costs in connection with the Varian asset acquisition and a 14.6 million gain on debt extinguishment. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , our net loss was 4.4 million and 15.1 million, respectively. Included in our net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 is a 3.1 million loss on impairment of goodwill (See the section titled, Note 4 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ). We expect to continue to incur operating losses for at least the next several years. As of September 30, 2024 , we had an accumulated deficit of 848.8 million. Our future success is dependent on our ability to fund and develop our product candidates, and ultimately upon our ability to attain profitable operations. We have devoted substantially all of our financial resources and efforts to research and development expense and general and administrative expense to support such research and development. Net losses and negative cash flows have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital, and accordingly, our ability to execute our future operating plans. 

In June 2024, we entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement, or the ELOC Purchase Agreement, establishing an equity line of credit with the purchaser, or the Purchaser, whereby we have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser is obligated to purchase, up to 35 million of newly issued shares of our common stock. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 1.4 million shares of Common Stock under the ELOC Purchase Agreement for net proceeds of 3.1 million following mandatory redemption payments on our Series C Preferred Stock (See the section titled, Note 13 - Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders' Equity - Common Stock Purchase Agreement for further details). In addition, in July 2024, we completed two private placement transactions for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 13.9 million, which consists of approximately 4.4 million of new funding and a 9.5 million payment through the full cancellation and extinguishment of certain holders outstanding senior notes, including secured notes, and shares of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. Net proceeds related to these private placements was 2.3 million (See the section titled, Note 13 - Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders' Equity - First Private Placement and Second Private Placements for further details). 

As of September 30, 2024 , we had cash and cash equivalents of 2.3 million and current liabilities of 14.4 million, 

which includes an 8.6 million warrant liability. Included in prepaid expenses and other assets as of September 30, 2024 is 0.7 million in receivables related to ELOC Purchase Agreement gross proceeds for sales made during the quarter for which we had not yet received the cash payment. The related net proceeds after the additional redemption of the Series C Preferred Stock was 0.5 million. In addition, subsequent to September 30, 2024 and through November 22, 2024, we sold an additional 4.3 million shares of Common Stock under the ELOC Purchase Agreement for net proceeds of 2.4 million following mandatory redemption payments on our Series C Preferred Stock. Following these financings, we believe that we have sufficient resources available to fund our business operations through January 2025. We do not have sufficient cash and cash equivalents as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to support our operations for at least the 12 months following the date that the financial statements are issued. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

To alleviate the conditions that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, management plans to secure additional capital, potentially through a combination of public or private securities offerings, convertible debt financings, and/or strategic transactions, including potential licensing arrangements, alliances, and drug product collaborations focused on specified geographic markets; however, none of these alternatives are committed at this time. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining sufficient funding on terms acceptable to us to fund continuing operations, if at all, or identify and enter into any strategic transactions that will provide the capital that we will require. If we fail to raise sufficient capital, we potentially could be forced to limit or cease our development activities, as well as modify or cease our operations, either of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Accordingly, management has concluded that substantial doubt exists with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern for at least 12 months after the issuance of the accompanying financial statements. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consists primarily of 11.7 million of net cash used in operating activities and 9.6 million of net cash provided by financing activities . Cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consist of 9.9 million of net cash used in operating activities and 11.1 million of net cash provided by financing activities . 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 11.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and consisted primarily of (i) a net loss of 4.6 million; (ii) a 14.6 million gain on debt extinguishment; (iii) an unrealized gain on foreign exchange rate changes of 0.2 million; (iv) 2.0 million related to changes in fair value; partially offset (v) 7.4 million in non-cash IPR D costs in connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement with Varian; (vi) changes in operating assets and liabilities of 0.6 million; (vii) 0.6 million non-cash expense related to the fair value of the ELOC commitment note and the related derivative liability; (viii) non-cash stock-based compensation of 0.4 million; (ix) non-cash expense of 0.2 million related to equity consideration for services; and (x) depreciation and non-cash amortization of right-of-use assets, debt discounts, and debt amortization of 0.5 million. Changes in prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and operating lease liabilities result from timing differences between the receipt and payment of cash and when the transactions are recognized in our results of operations. 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 9.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and consisted primarily of (i) a net loss of 15.1 million; and (ii) an unrealized gain on foreign exchange rate changes of 0.3 million; partially offset by (iii) a non-cash loss on impairment of goodwill of 3.1 million; (iv) changes in operating assets and liabilities of 1.1 million; (v) non-cash stock-based compensation of 1.1 million; and (vi) depreciation and non-cash amortization of right-of-use assets of 0.4 million. Changes in prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and operating lease liabilities result from timing differences between the receipt and payment of cash and when the transactions are recognized in our results of operations. 

33

Table of Contents 

Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 9.6 million and includes (i) 4.4 million of net proceeds related to the ELOC Purchase Agreement; (ii) 3.9 million in net proceeds from private placements; (iii) 1.4 million in net proceeds from the 2023 ATM Program; (iv) 1.3 million in net proceeds from convertible notes; (v) 0.6 million in net proceeds from senior secured and senior unsecured notes; partially offset by (vi) 0.8 million for redemptions of Series C preferred stock; (vii) 0.3 million for cash dividends on Series C Preferred Stock; (viii) 0.3 million of principal payments on loans payable; (ix) 0.2 million in payments related to the debt extinguishment; (x) 0.2 million in principal payments for senior convertible notes; and (xi) 0.1 million in issuance costs for the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 11.1 million and includes (i) 10.8 million in net proceeds from the April 2023 public offering; and (ii) 0.8 million in proceeds from the exercise of common stock warrants, net of expenses; partially offset by (iii) 0.6 million of principal payments on loans payable. 
 
 The following sections provide a more detailed discussion of our available financing facilities. 
 
 Common Stock Offerings 
 
 Historically, we have funded, and expect that we will continue to fund, our business operations through various sources, including financings in the form of common stock offerings. 

Common Stock Purchase Agreement 

In June 2024, we entered into the ELOC Purchase Agreement establishing an equity line of credit with the Purchaser, whereby we have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser is obligated to purchase, up to 35 million of newly issued shares of our common stock. 
 
 Over the 36-month period from and after the Commencement Date, we will control the timing and amount of any sales of Common Stock to the Purchaser. Actual sales of shares of our common stock to the Purchaser under the ELOC Purchase Agreement will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of our common stock and determinations by us as to the appropriate sources of funding and our operations. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 1.4 million shares of Common Stock under the ELOC Purchase Agreement for gross proceeds of 4.4 million, 0.7 million of which is included in prepaid expenses and other assets as of September 30, 2024 for gross proceeds for sales made during the quarter for which we had not yet received the cash. Pursuant to the Company s Certificate of Designations of Rights and Preferences of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, we are required to use 30 of the proceeds from sales pursuant to the ELOC Purchase Agreement to pay outstanding Series C Preferred Stock dividends and to redeem Series C Preferred Stock at a 20 premium to the 1,000 stated price per share. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we paid an aggregate redemption price of 1.1 million with 0.3 million applied to accrued and unpaid dividends and 0.8 million to redeem 705 Series C Preferred Shares. During October 2024, we paid an additional aggregate redemption price related to ELOC Purchase Agreement sales during the quarter of 0.2 million with approximately 50,000 applied to accrued and unpaid dividends and 0.15 million to redeem 133 Series C Preferred Shares. Inclusive of the additional redemptions paid after quarter end, we received net proceeds from the shares sold under the ELOC Purchase Agreement of 3.1 million. 
 
 We have determined that the put option in the ELOC Purchase Agreement is a derivative within the scope of ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, to be initially measured and recorded at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value to be recorded in earnings. However, as the exercise price is floating and is a discounted price to the exercise date fair value of the common stock, we have determined that the put option has a de minimis value (effectively zero value) and will not be recorded. 
 
 April 2023 Public Offering 
 
 On April 20, 2023, we entered into an underwriting agreement with Ladenburg as the sole underwriter relating to a public offering, or the April 2023 Offering, of an aggregate of 204,779 units with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and a warrant, or the April 2023 Warrants. The April 2023 Warrants are immediately exercisable for shares of common stock at a price of 52.74 per share and expire five years from the date of issuance. The shares of common stock and the April 2023 Warrants were immediately separable and were issued separately in the April 2023 Offering. 
 
 In addition, Ladenburg exercised in full a 45-day option, or the Overallotment Option, to purchase up to 30,717 additional shares of common stock and/or warrants to purchase up to 30,717 additional shares of common stock. 
 
 The closing of the April 2023 Offering occurred on April 24, 2023, inclusive of the Overallotment Option. The offering price to the public was 52.74 per unit resulting in gross proceeds to us of approximately 12.4 million. After deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses payable by us, and excluding the proceeds, if any, from the exercise of the April 2023 Warrants issued pursuant to this April 2023 Offering, the net proceeds to us were approximately 10.8 million. 
 
 At-The-Market Program 
 
 On November 9, 2023, we entered into the 2023 ATM Program with Ladenburg. We are not obligated to make any sales under the 2023 ATM Program. When we issue sale notices to Ladenburg, we designate the maximum amount of shares to be sold by Ladenburg daily and the minimum price per share at which shares may be sold. Ladenburg may sell shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at-the-market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or in privately negotiated transactions. 
 
 Sales under the 2023 ATM Program will be made pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-261878) filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021, and declared effective on January 3, 2022, and a prospectus supplement related thereto. 
 
 Either party may suspend the offering under the 2023 ATM Program by notice to the other party. The 2023 ATM Program will terminate upon the earlier of (i) the sale of all shares subject to the 2023 ATM Program or (ii) termination of the 2023 ATM Program in accordance with its terms. Either party may terminate the 2023 ATM Program at any time upon five business days' prior written notification to the other party in accordance with the related agreement. 
 
 We agreed to pay Ladenburg a commission of 3 of the gross sales price of any shares sold pursuant to the 2023 ATM Program. The rate of compensation will not apply when Ladenburg acts as principal, in which case such rate shall be separately negotiated. We also agreed to reimburse Ladenburg for the fees and disbursements of its counsel in an amount not to exceed 60,000, in addition to certain ongoing disbursements of its legal counsel up to 3,000 per calendar quarter. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , we sold 143,120 shares of our common stock under the 2023 ATM Program resulting in aggregate gross and net proceeds to us of approximately 1.4 million. 
 
 Loans Payable 
 
 In August 2024, we entered into an insurance premium financing and security agreement with IPFS Corporation. Under the agreement, we financed 0.5 million of certain premiums at a 7.94 fixed annual interest rate. Payments of approximately 56,000 are due monthly from August 2024 through May 2025. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal of the loan was 0.4 million. 
 
 In June 2023, we entered into an insurance premium financing and security agreement with IPFS Corporation. Under the agreement, we financed 0.8 million of certain premiums at a 7.24 fixed annual interest rate. Payments of approximately 77,000 were due monthly from July 2023 through April 2024. As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding principal of the loan was 0.2 million. The balance of the loan was repaid during the first quarter of 2024. 

34

Table of Contents 

Supplementary Disclosure of Non-Cash Activity 
 
 During the first quarter of 2024, we and Deerfield entered into the Exchange and Termination Agreement wherein Deerfield agreed to terminate its rights to receive certain milestone payments in exchange for (i) cash in the aggregate amount of 0.2 million and (ii) an aggregate of 33,793 shares of our common stock. The Exchange and Termination Agreement was accounted for as an extinguishment of debt in accordance with ASC Topic 470, Debt Modifications and Extinguishments , and, as a result, we recognized a 14.5 million non-cash gain on debt extinguishment during the three months ended September 30, 2024 consisting of the difference between the 15.0 million of the extinguished milestone payments and the consideration to Deerfield of 0.2 million in cash and 0.3 million in fair value of common stock issued to Deerfield (See the section titled, Note 12 - Restructured Debt Liability ). 
 
 During the first quarter of 2023, we entered into amendments to the January 2023 Existing Warrants and the February 2023 Existing Warrants which were accounted for as Equity Issuance classification modifications under the guidance of ASU 2021-04. The total fair value of the consideration of each of the modifications includes the incremental fair value of the January 2023 Existing Warrants and the February 2023 Existing Warrants, respectively (determined by comparing the fair value immediately prior to and immediately after the modification), and the initial fair value of the January 2023 New Warrants and the February 2023 New Warrants, respectively. The fair values were calculated using the Black-Scholes model. We determined that the total fair value of the consideration related to the modification of the January 2023 Existing Warrants, including the initial fair value of the January 2023 New Warrants, was 1.2 million, and that the total fair value of the consideration related to the modification of the February 2023 Existing Warrants, including the initial fair value of the February 2023 New Warrants, was 0.3 million (See the section titled, Note 13 - Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders' Equity ). 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024 or 2023 or during the periods then ended. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 
 Our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 Our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures, and recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 Changes in internal control 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation described above that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are not aware of any pending legal actions that would, if determined adversely to us, have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 
 We have from time to time been involved in disputes and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, including in connection with the conduct of our clinical trials. In addition, as a public company, we are also potentially susceptible to litigation, such as claims asserting violations of securities laws. Any such claims, with or without merit, if not resolved, could be time-consuming and result in costly litigation. There can be no assurance that an adverse result in any future proceeding would not have a potentially material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

35

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investing in our securities involves certain risks. In addition to any risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, investors should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties discussed in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as supplemented by risk factors included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed thereafter. These risks are not the only risks that could materialize. Other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes in our risk factors from those previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 or our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed thereafter. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial may also impair our business operations and development activities. Should any of the risks and uncertainties described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 , as supplemented by our subsequent filings with the SEC, actually materialize, our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and an investor could lose all or part of his or her investment. In particular, the reader s attention is drawn to the discussion in Part I, Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources . 
 
 Our ability to continue as a going concern requires that we obtain sufficient funding to finance our operations in the near term. 
 
 We do not have sufficient resources available to fund our business beyond January 2025. To increase our cash runway, management plans to secure additional capital, potentially through a combination of public or private securities offerings, convertible debt financings, and/or strategic transactions, including potential licensing arrangements, alliances, and drug product collaborations focused on specified geographic markets; however, none of these alternatives are committed at this time. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining sufficient funding, or that such funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, to fund continuing operations, if at all, or identify and enter into any strategic transactions that will provide the capital that we will require. 
 
 Further, under the terms of the Purchase Agreements, we are subject to certain restrictive covenants that may make it difficult to procure additional financing. As a result of these covenants, our ability to respond to changes in business and economic conditions and engage in beneficial transactions, including to obtain additional debt or equity financing as needed in the future, on favorable terms or at all, may be limited, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 If we fail to raise sufficient capital, we potentially could be forced to limit or cease our development activities, as well as modify or cease our operations, either of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur, including pursuant to our existing equity line of credit, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. These conditions raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 As a result of our failure to timely file this Quarterly Report with the SEC, we are currently ineligible to file new registration statements on Form S-3, which may impair our ability to raise capital in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 Because we were unable to file this Quarterly Report with the SEC on a timely basis, we will not be eligible to register the offer and sale of our securities using a registration statement on Form S-3 until no earlier than December 1, 2025. Should we wish to register the offer and sale of our securities to the public prior to the time we are eligible to use Form S-3, including for purposes of raising capital or permitting the resale of privately placed securities, we will be required to file a registration statement on Form S-1 and have it reviewed and declared effective by the SEC. Doing so would likely take longer than filing a registration statement on Form S-3 and increase our transaction costs, making it more difficult to execute any such transaction successfully and potentially harming our liquidity and financial condition. We will also need to file a post-effective amendment on Form S-1 to convert our previous Form S-3 registration statement with respect to resales of securities into a Form S-1, which may be reviewed and will need to be declared effective by the SEC. 

36

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibits are listed on the Index to Exhibits at the end of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K, listed on such Index in response to this Item, are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 
 The following exhibits are included with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 
 Method of Filing 

4.1 
 Certificate of Designations of Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Windtree s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on July 22, 2024. 

4.2 
 Form of Common Stock Warrant issued in the Company s private placement on July 18, 2024. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Windtree s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on July 22, 2024. 

4.3 
 Form of Common Stock Warrant issued in the Company s private placement on July 26, 2024. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Windtree s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on July 29, 2024. 

10.1 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Windtree and the Buyer named therein. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Windtree s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on July 22, 2024. 

10.2 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and between Windtree and the Buyer named therein. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Windtree s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on July 22, 2024. 

10.3 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 26, 2024, by and between Windtree and the Buyer named therein. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Windtree s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on July 29, 2024. 

10.4 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 29, 2024, by and between Windtree and the Buyer named therein. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Windtree s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on July 29, 2024. 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Furnished herewith. 

38

Table of Contents 

101.1 
 The following condensed consolidated financial statements from Windtree Therapeutics, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 , formatted in Inline Extensive Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 , (ii) Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 , (iii) Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 , and (iv) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) (1). 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (1). 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (1). 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (1). 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (1). 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (1). 
 
 Filed herewith. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and combined in Exhibit 101.1) 
 
 Filed herewith. 

Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 
 Certain confidential portions have been omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 
 (1) These Interactive Data Files shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability under those sections. 

39

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Windtree Therapeutics, Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Date: November 26, 2024 
 
 By: /s/ Craig E. Fraser 

Craig E. Fraser 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

Date: November 26, 2024 
 
 By: /s/ Jamie McAndrew 

Jamie McAndrew 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

40

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_722473.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_722473.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Craig E. Fraser, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Windtree Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 26, 2024 

/s/ Craig E. Fraser 

Craig E. Fraser 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex_749551.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_749551.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Jamie McAndrew, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Windtree Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 26, 2024 

/s/ Jamie McAndrew 

Jamie McAndrew 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex_722474.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_722474.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Windtree Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to such officer s knowledge: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 26, 2024 

/s/ Craig E. Fraser 

Craig E. Fraser 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jamie McAndrew 

Jamie McAndrew 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 wint-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 wint-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 wint-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 wint-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 wint-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

