<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1606757_0001606757-24-000056.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8615621</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>75775</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3048879</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2014605</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1889559</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1461519</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001606757-24-000056.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106171708
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001606757-24-000056
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kimball Electronics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001606757
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PRINTED CIRCUIT BOARDS [3672]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				352047713
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36454
		FILM NUMBER:		241432226

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1205 KIMBALL BLVD.
		CITY:			JASPER
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47546
		BUSINESS PHONE:		812-634-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1205 KIMBALL BLVD.
		CITY:			JASPER
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47546

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001606757-24-000056.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 ke-20240930.htm
 KIMBALL ELECTRONICS, INC. FORM 10-Q

ke-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code Not Applicable Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each Class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock as of October 24, 2024 was shares. 

KIMBALL ELECTRONICS, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 INDEX 
 Page No. PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and June 30, 2024 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) (Unaudited) - Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) - Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) - Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Share Owners Equity (Unaudited) - Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 28 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 29 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 29 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 29 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 30 
 SIGNATURES 
 31 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 KIMBALL ELECTRONICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except for Share Data) 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Contract assets Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property and Equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Goodwill Other Intangible Assets, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Other Assets, net 
 Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHARE OWNERS EQUITY 
 Current Liabilities: Current portion of borrowings under credit facilities Accounts payable Advances from customers Accrued expenses Liabilities held for sale 
 Total current liabilities Other Liabilities: Long-term debt under credit facilities, less current portion Long-term income taxes payable Other long-term liabilities Total other liabilities Share Owners Equity: Preferred stock- par value 
 Shares authorized: 
 Shares issued: 
 Common stock- par value 
 Shares authorized: 
 Shares issued: 
 Shares outstanding: and , respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost: Shares: and , respectively 
 ) ) Total Share Owners Equity Total Liabilities and Share Owners Equity 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 3 

KIMBALL ELECTRONICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except for Per Share Data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30 (Unaudited) 2024 2023 Net Sales Cost of Sales Gross Profit Selling and Administrative Expenses Restructuring Expense Gain on Disposal ) Operating Income Other Income (Expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) Non-operating income (expense), net ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Income Before Taxes on Income Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 ) Net Income Earnings Per Share of Common Stock: Basic Diluted Average Number of Shares Outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 4 

KIMBALL ELECTRONICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 Three Months Ended Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) Pre-tax Tax Net of Tax Pre-tax Tax Net of Tax Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Postemployment actuarial change ) ) Derivative gain (loss) ) ) ) ) Reclassification to (earnings) loss: Derivatives ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial change ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 5 

KIMBALL ELECTRONICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30 (Unaudited) 2024 2023 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Gain on sales of assets 
 ) ) Deferred income taxes Gain on disposal 
 ) Stock-based compensation Other, net Change in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables Contract assets ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable ) Advances from customers Accrued expenses and taxes payable ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sales of assets Purchases of capitalized software ) ) Net proceeds from disposal 
 Other, net ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Payments on credit facilities ) Net change in revolving credit facilities Repurchases of common stock ) Payments related to tax withholding for stock-based compensation ) ) Net cash (used for) provided by financing activities ) Effect of Exchange Rate Change on Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash ) Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash at Beginning of Period (1) 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash at End of Period (1) 
 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the period for: Income taxes Interest expense Non-cash investing activity: Unpaid purchases of property and equipment at the end of the period (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Cash and Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash at end of period 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 6 

KIMBALL ELECTRONICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHARE OWNERS EQUITY 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except for Share Data) 
 Three Months Ended Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Share Owners Equity (Unaudited) Additional Paid-In Capital Amounts at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) Compensation expense related to stock compensation plans Performance and restricted share issuance and shares, respectively) 
 ) ) Repurchase of Common Stock shares) (including excise tax) 
 ) ) Amounts at September 30, 2024 ) ) Amounts at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Compensation expense related to stock compensation plans Performance and restricted share issuance shares and shares, respectively) 
 ) ) Amounts at September 30, 2023 ) ) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 7 

KIMBALL ELECTRONICS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. 
 8 

to days, with any terms beyond days being considered extended payment terms. We participate in our customers supply chain financing arrangements for certain of our accounts receivables in order to extend terms for the customer without negatively impacting our cash flow. These arrangements in all cases do not contain recourse provisions which would obligate us in the event of our customers failure to pay. Receivables are considered sold when they are transferred beyond the reach of Kimball Electronics and its creditors, the purchaser has the right to pledge or exchange the receivables, and we have surrendered control over the transferred receivables. In the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we sold, without recourse, million and million of accounts receivable, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, factoring fees were million and million. Factoring fees are recorded in Non-operating income (expense), net on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Prior to fiscal year 2025, factoring fees were recorded in Selling and Administrative Expenses. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2023, changes to the expected timing of payments from and risk of default for a customer resulted in the recording of an allowance for credit losses of million in Selling and Administrative Expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Although the customer is not in bankruptcy and we will continue to pursue full recovery, an allowance was deemed necessary in consideration of the expected timing of payments and risk of default. The amount expected to be collected after twelve months is included in Other Assets, net on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. At September 30, 2024, the noncurrent receivable associated with this customer in Other Assets, net totaled million, which is net of the million allowance for expected credit losses. The current portion of receivables from this customer is million at September 30, 2024. 
 
 9 

) Gain (loss) on SERP investments ) Factoring fees ) Credit facilities and bank fees ) ) Other ) ) Non-operating income (expense), net ) ) 
 The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Tax Reform was enacted into law on December 22, 2017, making broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code, for which complete guidance may have not yet been issued. Tax Reform, in addition to other changes, required a one-time transition tax on certain unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries that is payable over an eight-year period. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the remaining provision recorded for the one-time deemed repatriation tax was million and million, respectively, payable through fiscal year 2026. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining deemed repatriation tax is short term and is recorded in Accrued expenses on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

10 

Note 2. 
 Medical 
 Industrial 
 Total net sales 
 For both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, approximately of our net sales were recognized over time as manufacturing services were performed under a customer contract on a product with no alternative use and we have an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. The remaining sales revenues were recognized at a point in time when the customer obtained control of the products. 
 The timing differences of revenue recognition, billings to our customers, and cash collections from our customers result in billed accounts receivable and unbilled accounts receivable. Contract assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets relate to unbilled accounts receivable and occur when revenue is recognized over time as manufacturing services are provided and the billing to the customer has not yet occurred as of the balance sheet date, which are generally transferred to receivables in the next fiscal quarter due to the short-term nature of the manufacturing cycle. Contract assets were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 
 , which amounted to million and million as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. Our performance obligations are short term in nature and therefore our contract liabilities are all expected to be settled within twelve months. We also have deposits associated with inventory purchases classified as long term. See Note 5 - Inventories of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 
 Note 3. 
 million, which is subject to additional purchase price adjustments. The pre-tax gain recognized on the sale in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 was million. In fiscal year 2024, following the Company s decision to divest of GES, we classified the disposal group as held for sale and recognized million in pre-tax impairment charges. 
 Income (Loss) Before Taxes on Income (1) 
 ) 
 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Each period also includes allocated corporate overhead expenses. 
 11 

Note 4. 
 million which were primarily employee-related costs. The cumulative amount incurred since inception of these efforts beginning in fiscal year 2024 through September 30, 2024 was million. We expect to continue executing these previously announced restructuring efforts over the remainder of the fiscal year and estimate between million and million of additional pre-tax restructuring charges. 
 In addition, on , the Company announced that its Board of Directors has approved a plan to cease operations at our Tampa facility, expected to be completed by the end of the fiscal year. The decision was another important step towards sharpening our strategic focus, while leveraging our global footprint and streamlining the operating structure. We expect to incur approximately million to million in total exit costs, including most significantly million to million in employee termination benefits and million to million in logistical costs to transfer and validate programs at our other facilities. We expect these costs to be predominantly cash expenditures, and a majority are anticipated to be incurred over the remainder of fiscal year 2025. As the commitment to this disposal plan occurred subsequent to September 30, 2024, no charges have been incurred or recorded in the quarter. 
 
 Note 5. 
 
 Work-in-process Raw materials Total inventory 
 million and million, respectively, classified as long-term included in Other Assets, net in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. This inventory is associated with a customer who is remediating a recall and we do not expect the inventory to be consumed within the next twelve months. As of September 30 and June 30, 2024, we have received deposits totaling million and million, respectively, from this customer related to this inventory, which is included in Other long-term liabilities in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

12 

Note 6.) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Reclassification to (earnings) loss Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Reclassification to (earnings) loss ) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) )) Cost of Sales ) Benefit (Provision) for Income Taxes ) Net of Tax Postemployment Benefits: Amortization of actuarial gain (2) 
 ) Non-operating income (expense), net ) Benefit (Provision) for Income Taxes ) Net of Tax Total reclassifications for the period ) Net of Tax 
 Amounts in parentheses indicate reductions to income. 
 (1) 

Note 7. 
 This product warranty liability and expense were immaterial during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 13 

Note 8. 
 Secondary credit facility (2) 
 Thailand overdraft credit facility (3) 
 China revolving credit facility (3) 
 Netherlands revolving credit facility (3) 
 Poland revolving credit facility (3) 
 Total credit facilities Less: current portion ) ) Long-term debt under credit facilities, less current portion (4) 
 
 (1) million in borrowings, with an option to increase the amount available for borrowing to million upon request, subject to the consent of each lender participating in such increase. This facility is maintained for working capital and general corporate purposes of the Company. A commitment fee is payable on the unused portion of the credit facility at a rate that ranges from to basis points per annum as determined by the Company s ratio of consolidated total indebtedness to adjusted consolidated EBITDA, as defined in the primary credit facility. Types of borrowings available on the primary credit facility include revolving loans, multi-currency term loans, and swingline loans. 
 to basis points based on the Company s ratio of consolidated total indebtedness to adjusted consolidated EBITDA; 
 any Term Benchmark borrowing denominated in Euros will utilize the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR in effect two target days prior to the advance (adjusted upwards to reflect bank reserve costs) for such interest period as defined in the agreement, plus the Revolving Commitment Term Benchmark spread which can range from to basis points based on the Company s ratio of consolidated total indebtedness to adjusted consolidated EBITDA; or 
 the Alternate Base Rate ABR ), which is defined as the highest of the fluctuating rate per annum equal to the higher of: 
 a. Prime Rate in the U.S. last quoted by the Wall Street Journal, and if this is ceased to be quoted, the highest bank prime loan rate or similar loan rate quoted by the Federal Reserve Board; 
 b. 1/2 of 1 per annum above the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined under the primary credit facility); or 
 c. per annum above the Adjusted SOFR Rate (as defined under the primary credit facility); 
 plus the Revolving Commitment ABR spread which can range from to basis points based on the Company s ratio of consolidated total indebtedness to adjusted consolidated EBITDA. 
 The Company s financial covenants under the primary credit facility require: 
 a ratio of consolidated total indebtedness minus unencumbered U.S. cash on hand in the United States in excess of million to adjusted consolidated EBITDA, determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters for the then most recently ended four fiscal quarters, to not be greater than to 1.0, provided, however, that for each fiscal quarter end during the four quarter period following a material permitted acquisition, as defined in the Credit Agreement, the Company will not permit this financial covenant to be greater than to 1.0 for each such fiscal quarter end, and, 
 14 

to 1.0. 
 The Company had million in letters of credit contingently committed against the primary credit facility at both September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 
 (2) million, among the Company, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Bank of America, N.A., as Documentation Agent. The secondary credit facility has a maturity date of January 3, 2025. The proceeds of the loans are to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes of the Company. A commitment fee on the unused portion of principal amount of this secondary credit facility is payable at basis points per annum. 
 basis points; 
 any Term Benchmark borrowing denominated in Euros will utilize the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR in effect two target days prior to the advance (adjusted upwards to reflect bank reserve costs) for such interest period as defined in the agreement, plus a Revolving Commitment Term Benchmark spread of basis points; or 
 the Alternate Base Rate ABR ), which is defined as the highest of the fluctuating rate per annum equal to the higher of: 
 a. Prime Rate in the U.S. last quoted by the Wall Street Journal, and if this is ceased to be quoted, the highest bank prime loan rate or similar loan rate quoted by the Federal Reserve Board; 
 b. 1/2 of 1 per annum above the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined under the primary credit facility); or 
 c. per annum above the Adjusted SOFR Rate (as defined under the primary credit facility); 
 plus a Revolving Commitment ABR spread of basis points. 
 The Company s financial covenants under this secondary credit facility are the same as the financial covenants for its primary credit facility. 
 (3) million. 
 
 The weighted-average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under the credit facilities at both September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 were . 
 
 Note 9. 
 15 

Derivatives: foreign exchange contracts Trading securities: mutual funds held in nonqualified SERP Total assets at fair value Liabilities Derivatives: foreign exchange contracts Total liabilities at fair value June 30, 2024 (Amounts in Thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Total Assets Derivatives: foreign exchange contracts Trading securities: mutual funds held in nonqualified SERP Total assets at fair value Liabilities Derivatives: foreign exchange contracts Total liabilities at fair value 
 We had level 3 assets or liabilities at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, or any activity in Level 3 assets or liabilities during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The nonqualified supplemental employee retirement plan SERP assets consist primarily of equity funds, balanced funds, bond funds, and a money market fund. The SERP investment assets are offset by a SERP liability which represents the Company s obligation to distribute SERP funds to participants. See Note 1 1 - Employee Benefit Plans of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the SERP. 
 
 Note 10. 
 
 16 

million and to hedge currencies against the Euro in the aggregate notional amount of million Euro. The notional amounts are indicators of the volume of derivative activities but may not be indicators of the potential gain or loss on the derivatives. 
 
 Based on fair values as of September 30, 2024, we estimate that approximately million of pre-tax derivative loss deferred in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss will be reclassified into earnings, along with the earnings effects of related forecasted transactions, within the next 12 months. Gains on foreign exchange contracts are generally offset by losses in operating income in the income statement when the underlying hedged transaction is recognized in earnings. Because gains or losses on foreign exchange contracts fluctuate partially based on currency spot rates, the future effect on earnings of the cash flow hedges alone is not determinable, but in conjunction with the underlying hedged transactions, the result is expected to be a decline in currency risk. The maximum length of time we had hedged our exposure to the variability in future cash flows was months as of both September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 
 See Note 9 - Fair Value of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities and Note 6 - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the changes in deferred derivative gains and losses. 
 
 17 

Accrued expenses Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accrued expenses Total derivatives) ) 
 The Effect of Derivative Instruments on Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Three Months Ended (Amounts in Thousands) September 30 Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships Location of Gain or (Loss) 2024 2023 Amount of Pre-Tax Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income: Foreign exchange contracts Cost of Sales ) Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Amount of Pre-Tax Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives: Foreign exchange contracts Non-operating income (expense) ) Total Derivative Pre-Tax Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income ) 
 
 Note 11. 
 Total expense related to employer contributions to the domestic retirement plans was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 million, of which million were short term and million were long term. As of June 30, 2024, both total investments and obligations under SERP were million, of which million were short term and million were long term. The SERP investment assets are classified as trading, and accordingly, realized and unrealized gains and losses are recognized in the Other Income (Expense) category on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Adjustments made to revalue the SERP liability are also recognized in income as selling and administrative expenses and offset valuation adjustments on SERP investment assets. The change in net unrealized holding gains for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was approximately million and ) million, respectively. 
 18 

assets. Benefits are paid using available cash on hand when eligible employees meet plan qualifications for payment. As of September 30, 2024, total obligations under these plans were million of which million were long term and million were short term. As of June 30, 2024, total obligations under these plans were million of which million were long term and million were short term. Net periodic benefit costs were not material for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Note 12. 
 million shares and replaced our former 2014 plan. The shares under the 2023 Plan may be granted in the form of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted awards, performance share awards, cash awards, and other equity awards. The Plan is a ten-year plan that terminates automatically on November 17, 2033. No award shall be granted pursuant to the Plan after such date, but awards theretofore granted may extend beyond that date. 
 On October 20, 2016, the Board approved a nonqualified deferred stock compensation plan, the Kimball Electronics, Inc. Non-Employee Directors Stock Compensation Deferral Plan (the Deferral Plan ), which allows Non-Employee Directors to elect to defer all, or a portion of, their retainer fees in stock until retirement or termination from the Board or death. The Deferral Plan allows for issuance of up to million shares of the Company s common stock. For more information on the 2023 Plan and the Deferral Plan, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 Restricted Shares (3) 
 1st Quarter 
 (1) 
 if minimum thresholds are not met up to a maximum of if results on both measures exceed targets under the formula. 
 (2) 
 (3) , with one-third of the interest in the restricted shares vested after year one of the grant, another one-third after year two of the grant, and the final one-third after year three of the grant. Restricted shares are expensed over the contractual vesting period as earned. If the employment of a holder of restricted shares terminates before the RSU has vested for any reason other than death, retirement, or disability, the restricted shares not yet vested will be forfeited. 

19 

Note 13. 
 Accumulated impairment ) Goodwill, net Balance as of September 30, 2024 Goodwill Accumulated impairment ) Goodwill, net 
 years to years. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amortization expense of other intangible assets was million and million, respectively. The three months ended September 30, 2023 included the amortization on customer relationships, technology, and trade name intangible assets associated with GES. See Note 3 - Sale of GES We have intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, which are not subject to amortization. 

Note 14. 
 million of our common stock. Purchases may be made under various programs, including in open-market transactions, block transactions on or off an exchange, or in privately negotiated transactions, all in accordance with applicable securities laws and regulations. The Repurchase Plan has no expiration date but may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased million shares of common stock under the Repurchase Plan at an average price of per share. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company had repurchases under the Repurchase Plan. Since the inception of the Repurchase Plan, the Company has repurchased million of common stock at an average cost of per share. 
 
 Note 15. 
 Less: Net Income allocated to participating securities Net Income allocated to common Share Owners Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Dilutive effect of average outstanding stock compensation awards Dilutive weighted average shares outstanding Earnings Per Share of Common Stock: Basic Diluted 

20 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements contained within this document are considered forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The statements may be identified by the use of words such as believes, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, projects, estimates, forecasts, likely, future, may, should, would, could, will, can, potentially, and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, global economic conditions, geopolitical environment and conflicts such as the war in Ukraine, global health emergencies, availability or cost of raw materials and components, foreign exchange fluctuations, and our ability to convert new business opportunities into customers and revenue. Additional cautionary statements regarding other risk factors that could have an effect on the future performance of Kimball Electronics are contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 Business Overview 
 We are a global, multifaceted manufacturing solutions provider. We provide electronics manufacturing services EMS ), including engineering and supply chain support, to customers in the automotive, medical, and industrial end markets. Our core competency is producing durable electronics, and we further offer contract manufacturing services for non-electronic components, medical disposables, drug delivery solutions, and precision molded plastics. Our manufacturing services, including engineering and supply chain support, utilize common production and support capabilities globally. We are well recognized by our customers and the industry for our excellent quality, reliability, and innovative service. CIRCUITS ASSEMBLY, a leading brand and technical publication for electronics manufacturers worldwide, has previously recognized us four times for achieving the Highest Overall Customer Rating in their Service Excellence Awards, and most recently, we received Highest Overall Customer Ratings in four of their seven categories in 2023. 
 The contract manufacturing services industry is very competitive. As a mid-sized player, we can expect to be challenged by the agility and flexibility of the smaller, regional players, and we can expect to be challenged by the scale and price competitiveness of the larger, global players. We enjoy a unique market position between these extremes which allows us to compete with the larger scale players for high-volume projects, but also maintain our competitive position in the generally lower volume durable electronics market space. We expect to continue to effectively operate in this market space; however, one significant challenge will be maintaining our profit margins while we continue our revenue growth. Pricing is competitive in the market as production efficiencies and material pricing advantages for most projects drive costs and prices down over the life of the projects. This characteristic of the contract electronics marketplace is expected to continue. 
 The Worldwide Manufacturing Services Market - 2024 Edition , a comprehensive study on the worldwide EMS market published by New Venture Research NVR ), provided worldwide forecast trends through 2028. NVR projects the worldwide assembly market for electronics products to grow at a compound annual growth rate CAGR of 4.6 over the next five years, with the EMS industry projected to grow at a CAGR of 4.6 . 
 We continue to monitor the current economic and industry conditions for uncertainties that may pose a threat to our future growth or cause disruption in business strategy, execution, and timing in the markets in which we compete. 
 The EMS industry is experiencing the impacts of softening demand from global macroeconomic headwinds, especially in the current fiscal year. The financial impact on our future results cannot be reasonably estimated but could be material. Such headwinds include pressure from elevated levels of inflation, higher interest rates, and geopolitical uncertainty. 
 Net sales in the first quarter of the current fiscal year decreased 15 compared to the prior fiscal year first quarter, with decreases in each of our end market verticals. The decrease in sales to customers in the automotive and medical markets were largely driven by decreased demand. The decrease in sales to customers in the industrial market were related to the sale of GES and continued softness specific to smart metering and climate control production. We expect consolidated net sales to continue to lag when compared to fiscal year 2024 with the continued softness in demand and the loss of a major automotive program (impacts beginning in the third quarter) by our customer that was unrelated to any issues with our workmanship, quality, or ability to produce the product, in addition to the expected consolidated net sales decrease from the divestiture of our GES business. 
 We have a strong focus on cost control balanced with managing the future growth prospects of our business. We expect to make investments that will strengthen or add new capabilities to our package of value as a multifaceted manufacturing solutions company, including through our recently completed capacity expansions. Managing working capital in conjunction with fluctuating demand levels is likewise key. In addition, a long-standing component of our profit-sharing incentive bonus plan is its link to our financial performance, which results in varying amounts of compensation expense as profits change. 
 21 

To support our renewed strategic focus, we completed the divestiture of our GES business on July 31, 2024 and undertook restructuring efforts beginning in fiscal year 2024 to align our cost structure with reduced end-market demand levels. In addition, on November 4, 2024, the Company announced that its Board of Directors has approved a plan to cease operations at our Tampa facility, expected to be completed by the end of the fiscal year. The decision was another important step towards sharpening our strategic focus, while leveraging our global footprint and streamlining the operating structure. Production activities on existing customer programs will be transferred out of Tampa, with the majority of the work going to our plants in North America, primarily our newly expanded facility in Mexico and Jasper. 
 We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet, which included a current ratio of 2.3, a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.4, and Share Owners equity of 548 million at September 30, 2024. Recently, we have invested to support our expansions and growth in Mexico, Thailand, and Poland. Refer to the Future Liquidity section of Liquidity and Capital Resources below for further discussion of our liquidity. 
 The continuing success of our business is dependent upon our ability to replace expiring customers/programs with new customers/programs. We monitor our success in this area by tracking the number of customers and the percentage of our net sales generated from them by years of service as depicted in the table below. While variation in the size of program awards makes it difficult to directly correlate this data to our sales trends, we believe it does provide useful information regarding our customer loyalty and new business growth. 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Customer Service Years 2024 2023 More than 10 Years of Net Sales 78 74 # of Customers 36 33 5 to 10 Years of Net Sales 15 20 # of Customers 12 20 Less than 5 Years of Net Sales 7 6 # of Customers 12 11 Total of Net Sales 100 100 # of Customers 60 64 
 A detailed discussion of risk factors and uncertainties that could have an effect on our performance are located within the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 22 

Results of Operations 
 At or for the Three Months Ended September 30 (Amounts in Millions, Except for Per Share Data) 2024 as a of Net Sales 2023 as a of Net Sales Change Net Sales 374.3 438.1 (15) Gross Profit 23.6 6.3 35.5 8.1 (34) Selling and Administrative Expenses 13.5 3.6 16.0 3.7 (16) Restructuring Expense 2.3 0.6 Gain on Disposal 
 (1.3) (0.3) Operating Income 9.1 2.4 19.5 4.4 (53) Other Income (Expense) (6.2) (6.2) Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 (0.3) 2.5 (111) Net Income 3.2 10.8 (71) Diluted Earnings per Share 0.12 0.43 (72) Open Orders 594 907 (35) 
 
 Net Sales by Vertical Market Three Months Ended September 30 (Amounts in Millions) 2024 2023 Change Automotive 188.4 212.5 (11) Medical 89.8 102.4 (12) Industrial 96.1 123.2 (22) Total Net Sales 374.3 438.1 (15) 
 First quarter fiscal year 2025 consolidated net sales decreased 15 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. The impact from foreign currency fluctuations on net sales was less than 1 in the current quarter compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. By end market vertical, our market verticals fluctuated as follows: 
 Sales to customers in the automotive market decreased 11 during the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. The decrease in the first quarter is due to customer demand reductions, particularly in North America and Europe. 
 Sales to customers in the medical market declined in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. The decrease is primarily due to customer demand reductions. 
 Sales to customers in the industrial market decreased 22 during the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, when compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. Approximately half of the decline is related to the sale of GES and the remainder is due to continued softness in industrial specific to smart metering and climate control production. 
 Sales to Nexteer Automotive, ZF, and HL Mando accounted for the following portions of our net sales: 
 Three Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 Nexteer Automotive 18 16 ZF 13 14 HL Mando 10 amount is less than 10 of total 
 23 

Gross profit as a percent of net sales in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 declined when compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 as we experienced lost absorption on lower revenue. 
 Selling and administrative expenses decreased both as a percent of net sales and in absolute dollars in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 when compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, driven by cost reduction efforts, decreased profit-sharing bonus expense, and the classification of factoring fees. 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded pre-tax restructuring expense of 2.3 million for employee-related costs as we undertook restructuring efforts to align our cost structure with reduced end market demand levels. 
 We completed the divestiture of GES on July 31, 2024 and recorded a gain on disposal of 1.3 million during the first quarter of fiscal year 2025. See Note 3 - Sale of GES of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Other Income (Expense) consisted of the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30 (Amounts in Thousands) 2024 2023 Interest income 222 299 Interest expense (4,792) (5,447) Foreign currency/derivative gain (loss) (1,034) (674) Gain (loss) on SERP investments 345 (177) Factoring fees (537) Credit facilities fees and bank charges (263) (201) Other (172) (79) Other income (expense), net (6,231) (6,279) 
 Interest expense has decreased in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to lower interest rates and lower borrowings on credit facilities. Foreign currency/derivative gains (losses) result from net foreign currency exchange rate movements during the periods. The revaluation to fair value of the SERP investments recorded in Other Income (Expense) is offset by the revaluation of the SERP liability recorded in Selling and Administrative Expenses, and thus there is no effect on net income. Prior to fiscal year 2025, factoring fees were recorded in Selling and Administrative Expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Our provision (benefit) for income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was (0.3) million, or (9.4) of income before taxes on income, and 2.5 million, or 18.6 of income before taxes on income, respectively. The tax benefit in the three months ended September 30, 2024 was the result of an interest recovery on a prior period tax audit. 
 Open orders were down 35 as of September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023. The decrease in open orders from September 30, 2023 is primarily driven by reduced orders due to cancellation of a major automotive program, other automotive customer demand reductions, and medical customer demand reductions. Open orders at a point in time may not be indicative of future sales trends due to the contract nature of our business. Our open orders depend on the lead times from our customers, which have reduced since September 30, 2023 when parts were more constrained, which also contributed to the decline in open orders. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Working capital at September 30, 2024 was 439.0 million compared to working capital of 471.7 million at June 30, 2024. The current ratio was 2.3 at both September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. The debt-to-equity ratio was 0.4 at September 30, 2024 and 0.5 at June 30, 2024. Our short-term liquidity available, represented as cash and cash equivalents plus the unused amount of our credit facilities, some of which are uncommitted, totaled 263.4 million at September 30, 2024 and 220.1 million at June 30, 2024. 
 
 24 

Cash Conversion Days CCD are calculated as the sum of Days Sales Outstanding DSO plus Contract Asset Days CAD plus Production Days Supply on Hand PDSOH less Accounts Payable Days APD and less Advances from Customers Days ACD ). CCD, or a similar metric, is used in our industry and by our management to measure the efficiency of managing working capital. The following table summarizes our CCD for the quarterly periods indicated. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Days Sales Outstanding 66 58 58 Contract Asset Days 18 16 17 Production Days Supply on Hand 100 93 108 Accounts Payable Days 56 50 71 Advances from Customers Days 20 17 9 Cash Conversion Days 108 100 103 
 We define Days Sales Outstanding as the average of monthly trade accounts and notes receivable divided by an average day s net sales, Contract Asset Days as the average monthly contract assets divided by an average day s net sales, Production Days Supply on Hand as the average of monthly gross inventory divided by an average day s cost of sales, Accounts Payable Days as the average of monthly accounts payable divided by an average day s cost of sales, and Advances from Customers Days as the average of monthly customer deposits divided by an average day s cost of sales. Over the past several quarters, we have supported our customers through strategic inventory builds to mitigate parts shortages, which adversely impacted our PDSOH and CCD metrics. We have experienced customers push out deliveries and sales declines, which have negatively impacted our cash conversion days and working capital. We expect our CCD metrics to improve as we align our working capital with the lower sales levels. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table reflects the major categories of cash flows for the first three months of fiscal years 2025 and 2024. 
 Three Months Ended September 30 (Amounts in Millions) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 45.5 12.8 Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities 5.2 (11.3) Net cash (used for) provided by financing activities (53.0) 14.0 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the first three months of fiscal year 2025 was driven by net income adjusted for non-cash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash provided by operating activities for the first three months of the prior year was driven by net income adjusted for non-cash items, partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
 Net income adjusted for non-cash items provided cash of 16.8 million in the first three months of fiscal year 2025, while changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 28.7 million of cash in the first three months of fiscal year 2025, largely due to a decrease of accounts receivable, which provided cash of 20.1 million primarily resulting from decreased sales volumes compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, and an increase in advances from customers, which provided cash of 8.7 million. Partially offsetting cash provided by accounts receivable and advances from customers was a decrease in accrued expenses and taxes payable, which used cash of 22.5 million primarily driven by timing of profit-sharing incentive bonus and income tax payments. 
 The cash used of 9.7 million from changes in operating assets and liabilities in the first three months of fiscal year 2024 was largely due to an increase in inventory, which used cash of 34.0 million, driven by investment to support our newly expanded facilities, a decrease in accounts payable, which used cash of 11.6 million, and an increase in contract assets, which used cash of 8.9 million. Partially offsetting cash used by inventory, accounts payable, and contract assets was a decrease in accounts receivable, which provided cash of 45.3 million primarily resulting from decreased sales volumes compared to the three months ended June 30, 2023. 
 25 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by investing activities of 5.2 million in the first three months of fiscal year 2025 was largely due to the 18.5 million of proceeds from the sale of GES, partially offset by capital investments of 13.5 million primarily to support new business awards and replacement of older machinery and equipment. See Note 3 - Sale of GES of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the divestiture of GES. 
 Net cash used for investing activities in the first three months of fiscal year 2024 included 11.3 million cash used for capital investments. The capital investments were primarily to support new business awards, facility expansions, and replacement of older machinery and equipment. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 For the first three months of fiscal year 2025, net cash used for financing activities of 53.0 million resulted largely from net payments on our credit facilities of 49.1 million. For the first three months of fiscal year 2024, net cash provided by financing activities of 14.0 million resulted largely from net borrowings on our credit facilities of 15.4 million primarily for working capital purposes and capital expenditures. 
 Credit Facilities 
 The Company maintains a U.S. primary credit facility (the primary credit facility scheduled to mature May 4, 2027. The primary credit facility provides for 300 million in borrowings, with an option to increase the amount available for borrowing to 450 million at the Company s request, subject to the consent of each lender participating in such increase. The Company also maintains a 364-day multi-currency revolving credit facility (the secondary credit facility ), which allows for borrowings up to 100 million and has a maturity date of January 3, 2025. The proceeds of the loans on the primary credit facility and the secondary credit facility are to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes of the Company. We were in compliance with the financial covenants of the primary and secondary credit facilities during the period ended September 30, 2024. 
 We also maintain foreign credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes at specific foreign locations rather than utilizing funding from intercompany sources. These foreign credit facilities can be canceled at any time by either the bank or us and generally include renewal clauses. As of September 30, 2024, we maintained foreign credit facilities at our Thailand operation, our China operation, our Netherlands subsidiary, and our Poland operation. 
 See Note 8 - Credit Facilities of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on our credit facilities, including the terms of the credit facilities such as interest, commitment fees, and debt covenants. 
 Factoring Arrangements 
 We participate in our customers supply chain financing arrangements in order to extend terms for the customer without negatively impacting our cash flow. These arrangements in all cases do not contain recourse provisions which would obligate us in the event of our customers failure to pay. Receivables are considered sold when they are transferred beyond the reach of Kimball Electronics and its creditors, the purchaser has the right to pledge or exchange the receivables, and we have surrendered control over the transferred receivables. In the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we sold, without recourse, 87.3 million and 103.0 million of accounts receivable, respectively. See Note 1 - Business Description and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding the factoring arrangements. 
 Future Liquidity 
 We believe our principal sources of liquidity from available funds on hand, cash generated from operations, and the availability of borrowing under our credit facilities, will be sufficient to meet our working capital and other operating needs for at least the next 12 months. The unused borrowings in USD equivalent under all of our credit facilities totaled 186.8 million at September 30, 2024, including the 100 million secondary credit facility. Our secondary credit facility matures on January 3, 2025. Additionally, accounts receivable factoring arrangements could provide flexible access to cash as needed. While our primary credit facility includes a covenant that limits the amount of sold receivables outstanding at any time, currently and historically, we have been considerably below this limit. 
 We expect to continue to prudently invest in capital expenditures, including for capacity expansions and potential acquisitions, that would help us continue our growth as a multifaceted manufacturing solutions company. At September 30, 2024, our capital expenditure commitments were approximately 13 million, consisting primarily of capital related to new program wins. We anticipate our available liquidity will be sufficient to fund these capital expenditures. 
 26 

We expect to continue our restructuring efforts, including the closure of our Tampa facility. We expect these restructuring efforts to be predominantly cash expenditures to be incurred over approximately the next 12 months and estimate between 10.0 million and 14.0 million of pre-tax restructuring charges, including 8.0 million to 11.0 million for Tampa exit costs. Once Tampa s operations have ceased, we expect to sell the building and land, with the proceeds from the sale anticipated to exceed the exit costs. 
 We have purchase obligations that arise in the normal course of business for items such as raw materials, services, and software acquisitions/license commitments. In certain instances, such as when lead times dictate, we enter into contractual agreements for material in excess of the levels required to fulfill customer orders. In turn, material authorization agreements with customers cover a portion of the exposure for material that we must purchase prior to having a firm order. 
 At September 30, 2024, our foreign operations held cash totaling 75.7 million. Most of our accumulated unremitted foreign earnings have been invested in active non-U.S. business operations, and it is not anticipated such earnings will be remitted to the United States. The Company continually evaluates its global cash needs. If such funds were repatriated or we determined that all or a portion of such foreign earnings are no longer permanently reinvested, we may be subject to applicable non-U.S. income and withholding taxes. Determination of the amount of any potential future unrecognized deferred tax liability on such unremitted earnings is not practicable and is recorded in the period when any foreign earnings are determined to be no longer permanently reinvested. 
 The Company s Repurchase Plan allows the repurchase of up to 100 million of our common stock. Purchases may be made under various programs, including in open-market transactions, block transactions on or off an exchange, or in privately negotiated transactions, all in accordance with applicable securities laws and regulations. The Repurchase Plan has no expiration date but may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares, and the timing of such repurchases, will depend upon a variety of factors, including market conditions, regulatory requirements, and other corporate considerations, as determined by the Company s management team. The Company expects to finance the purchases with existing liquidity. The Company has repurchased 94.7 million of common stock under the Repurchase Plan through September 30, 2024. 
 Our ability to generate cash from operations to meet our liquidity obligations could be adversely affected in the future by factors such as general economic and market conditions, lack of availability of raw material components in the supply chain, a decline in demand for our services, loss of key contract customers, unsuccessful integration of acquisitions and new operations, global health emergencies, and the related uncertainties around the financial impact, and other unforeseen circumstances. In particular, should demand for our customers products and, in turn, our services decrease significantly over the next 12 months, the available cash provided by operations could be adversely impacted. Additional cautionary statements regarding our risk factors are contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 Fair Value 
 During the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, no level 1 or level 2 financial instruments were affected by a lack of market liquidity. For level 1 financial assets, readily available market pricing was used to value the financial instruments. Our foreign currency derivative assets and liabilities, which were classified as level 2, were independently valued using observable market inputs such as forward interest rate yield curves, current spot rates, and time value calculations. To verify the reasonableness of the independently determined fair values, these derivative fair values were compared to fair values calculated by the counterparty banks. Our own credit risk and counterparty credit risk had an immaterial impact on the valuation of the foreign currency derivatives. See Note 9 - Fair Value of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2024, we do not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Kimball Electronics Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These principles require the use of estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported and disclosed in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes. Actual results could differ from these estimates and assumptions. Management uses its best judgment in the assumptions used to value these estimates, which are based on current facts and circumstances, prior experience, and other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable. 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. For further information regarding our critical accounting policies, refer to Note 1 - Business Description and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Critical Accounting Policies in the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 27 

New Accounting Standards 
 See Note 1 - Business Description and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding New Accounting Standards. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 There were no material changes in our exposure to market risks for changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates as compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 
 Comprehensive disclosures of quantitative and qualitative market risk can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 
 Kimball Electronics maintains controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon their evaluation of those controls and procedures performed, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 (b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 28 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We and our subsidiaries are not parties to any pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business. The outcome of current routine pending litigation and claims, individually and in the aggregate, is not expected to have a material adverse impact on our business or financial condition. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We are subject to various risks and uncertainties in the course of our business. A comprehensive disclosure of risk factors related to Kimball Electronics can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 On October 21, 2015, our Board approved an 18-month stock repurchase plan (the Repurchase Plan ), authorizing the repurchase of up to 20 million worth of our common stock. Then, separately on each of September 29, 2016, August 23, 2017, November 8, 2018, and November 10, 2020, the Board extended and increased the Repurchase Plan to allow the repurchase of up to an additional 20 million worth of common stock with no expiration date, which brought the total authorized stock repurchases under the Repurchase Plan to 100 million. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 2.9 million of common stock under the Repurchase Plan. The following table contains information about our purchases of equity securities during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan (1) 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 
 8,169,923 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 
 14,062 18.57 14,062 7,908,831 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 
 145,616 17.96 145,616 5,294,125 Total 159,678 18.01 159,678 
 (1) Excludes 1 U.S. excise tax on share repurchases which is recognized as part of the cost basis of the shares acquired in the Consolidated Statements of Share Owners Equity. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, officers or directors adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Company s securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

29 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibits (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K) 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form Period Ending Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company 
 8-K 3.1 2/18/2021 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company 
 8-K 3.2 9/23/2024 
 31.1 Certification filed by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed Herewith 31.2 Certification filed by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed Herewith 32.1 (a) 
 Certification furnished by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Furnished Herewith 32.2 (a) 
 Certification furnished by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Furnished Herewith 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its Inline XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 Filed Herewith 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 Filed Herewith 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 Filed Herewith 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 Filed Herewith 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 Filed Herewith 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 Filed Herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed Herewith (a) In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

30 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 KIMBALL ELECTRONICS, INC. By: /s/ RICHARD D. PHILLIPS Richard D. Phillips Chief Executive Officer November 6, 2024 By: /s/ JANA T. CROOM Jana T. Croom Chief Financial Officer November 6, 2024 
 
 31 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31109302024q110q.htm
 KIMBALL ELECTRONICS, INC. EXHIBIT 31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Richard D. Phillips, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kimball Electronics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s RICHARD D. PHILLIPS RICHARD D. PHILLIPS Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31209302024q110q.htm
 KIMBALL ELECTRONICS, INC. EXHIBIT 31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jana T. Croom, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kimball Electronics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s JANA T. CROOM JANA T. CROOM Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32109302024q110q.htm
 KIMBALL ELECTRONCIS, INC. EXHIBIT 32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Kimball Electronics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard D. Phillips, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s RICHARD D. PHILLIPS RICHARD D. PHILLIPS Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32209302024q110q.htm
 KIMBALL ELECTRONICS, INC. EXHIBIT 32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Kimball Electronics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jana T. Croom, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s JANA T. CROOM JANA T. CROOM Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ke-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ke-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ke-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ke-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ke-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

