<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_764180_0000764180-24-000102.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12212809</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>287417</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1925515</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4558785</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2822046</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2391198</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000764180-24-000102.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031072538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000764180-24-000102
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALTRIA GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000764180
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CIGARETTES [2111]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				133260245
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08940
		FILM NUMBER:		241412429

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6601 WEST BROAD STREET
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23230
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(804) 274-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6601 WEST BROAD STREET
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALTRIA GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030127

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHILIP MORRIS COMPANIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000764180-24-000102.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 mo-20240930.htm
 10-Q

mo-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 At October 22, 2024, there were shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.33 1/3 per share. 

Table of Contents 

ALTRIA GROUP, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page No. PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the Nine and Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings for the Nine and Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 71 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 71 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 71 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 71 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 72 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 72 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 73 
 Signature Signature 
 74 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Altria Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in millions of dollars) 
 (Unaudited) 
 ______________________________ 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Receivables Inventories: Leaf tobacco Other raw materials Work in process Finished product Income taxes Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, at cost Less accumulated depreciation Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Investments in equity securities Other assets Total Assets 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Altria Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued) 
 (in millions of dollars, except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 ________________________________________________ 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued liabilities: Marketing Settlement charges Other Deferred gain from the sale of IQOS System commercialization rights 
 Dividends payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Accrued pension costs Accrued postretirement health care costs Other liabilities Total liabilities Contingencies (Note 14) shares issued) 
 Additional paid-in capital Earnings reinvested in the business Accumulated other comprehensive losses ) ) Cost of repurchased stock 
 shares at September 30, 2024 and 
 shares at December 31, 2023) 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity (deficit) attributable to Altria ) ) Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders equity (deficit) ) ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Altria Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 (in millions of dollars, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 _____________________________________ 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenues Cost of sales Excise taxes on products Gross profit Marketing, administration and research costs Asset impairment Operating income Interest and other debt expense, net Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost ) ) ) ) (Income) losses from investments in equity securities ) ) ) ) Gain on the sale of IQOS System commercialization rights 
 ) Earnings before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net earnings Per share data: Basic and diluted earnings per share 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Altria Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings 
 (in millions of dollars) 
 (Unaudited) 
 _____________________ 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net earnings Other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred income taxes: Benefit plans ) ) ) ) ABI ) Currency translation adjustments and other ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred income taxes ) Comprehensive earnings 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Altria Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (in millions of dollars, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 _______________________________________ 
 
 Attributable to Altria Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Earnings Reinvested in the Business Accumulated Other Comprehensive Losses Cost of Repurchased Stock Non- controlling Interests Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Balances, December 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred income taxes Stock award activity Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Other ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 Balances, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred income taxes 
 Stock award activity 
 Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Other ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Altria Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 in millions of dollars, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 _______________________________________ 
 
 Attributable to Altria Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Earnings Reinvested in the Business Accumulated Other Comprehensive Losses Cost of Repurchased Stock Non- controlling Interests Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Balances, June 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred income taxes 
 ) ) Stock award activity 
 Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Other ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 Balances, June 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred income taxes 
 Stock award activity 
 Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Altria Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in millions of dollars) 
 (Unaudited) 
 _____________________ 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to operating cash flows: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax provision (benefit) (1) 
 ) Unrecognized tax benefit (1) 
 (Income) losses from investments in equity securities ) ) Gain on the sale of IQOS System commercialization rights 
 ) Dividends from ABI Asset impairment Cash effects of changes: (2) 
 Receivables ) Inventories Accounts payable ) ) Income taxes ) Accrued liabilities and other current assets ) ) Accrued settlement charges ) ) Pension plan contributions ) ) Pension and postretirement, net ) ) Other, net (1) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from the ABI Transaction (3) 
 Proceeds from the sale of IQOS System commercialization rights 
 Acquisition of NJOY, net of cash acquired ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Altria Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 (in millions of dollars) 
 (Unaudited) 
 _____________________ 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities Proceeds from short-term borrowings Repayment of short-term borrowings ) Long-term debt repaid ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Increase (decrease) ) ) Balance at beginning of period Balance at end of period The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1) to the amounts reported on our condensed consolidated balance sheets: 
 At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in other current assets Restricted cash included in other assets Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (1) 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Altria Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 Note 1. 
 economic interest in Horizon Innovations LLC Horizon ), a joint venture with JTI (US) Holding, Inc., a subsidiary of Japan Tobacco Inc., which owned the remaining economic interest. Horizon is responsible for the U.S. marketing and commercialization of heated tobacco stick products owned by either party. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had investments in Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV ABI and Cronos Group Inc. Cronos ). In March 2024, we sold a portion of our investment in ABI ABI Transaction ). For further discussion of our investments and the ABI Transaction, see Note 6. Investments in Equity Securities . 
 Dividends and Share Repurchases: In August 2024, our Board of Directors Board of Directors or Board approved a increase in the quarterly dividend rate to per share of our common stock versus the previous rate of per share. The current annualized dividend rate is per share. Future dividend payments remain subject to the discretion of our Board. 
 In January 2023, our Board of Directors authorized a billion share repurchase program January 2023 share repurchase program ), which we completed in December 2023. 
 In January 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a new billion share repurchase program that it increased to billion in March 2024 (as increased, January 2024 share repurchase program ). We entered into accelerated share repurchase ASR transactions under two separate agreements with bank counterparties (collectively, ASR Agreements to repurchase shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of billion Repurchase Price ). In the first half of 2024, we paid the Repurchase Price and received million shares of our common stock. The total number of shares repurchased under the ASR Agreements was based on volume-weighted average prices of our common stock during the term of the ASR transactions, less a discount. We funded the ASR transactions with proceeds from the ABI Transaction. The ASR transactions were accounted for as equity transactions and included in cost of repurchased stock on our condensed consolidated balance sheet when the shares were received. At September 30, 2024, we had million remaining under the January 2024 share repurchase program. The timing of share repurchases depends upon marketplace conditions and other factors, and the program remains subject to the discretion of our Board. 
 Aggregate cost of shares repurchased Average price per share of shares repurchased 
 (1) Includes million shares repurchased under the ASR Agreements at an average price per share of . 
 11 

T able of Contents 

These statements should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes, which appear in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Note 2. 
 billion consisted of approximately billion in cash payments (net of cash acquired) plus the fair value of up to million in additional cash payments contingent on receipt of U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA authorizations with respect to NJOY s menthol million), blueberry million) and watermelon million) pod products. The fair value of these contingent payments at December 31, 2023 and on the acquisition date was approximately million, which was included in the total consideration. 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the FDA issued marketing granted orders for NJOY menthol e-vapor products. As a result, we became obligated to make cash payments totaling million under the acquisition agreement, which we made in July 2024. Additionally, we recorded a pre-tax charge of approximately million for the change in the fair value of contingent payments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the fair value of the remaining contingent payments, which relate to blueberry and watermelon pod products, was approximately million. 
 Other costs (1) 
 Interest and other debt expense, net: 
 
 Financing fees Total NJOY Transaction costs 
 (1) For the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, substantially all of these costs were acquisition-related costs associated with patent infringement lawsuits related to the NJOY Transaction. For further discussion of the patent infringement lawsuits, see Note 14. Contingencies . For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, substantially all of these costs were acquisition-related costs, consisting primarily of transaction costs. 
 We funded the initial NJOY Transaction cash payments at closing through a combination of borrowings under a billion term loan facility, the issuance of commercial paper and available cash. For further discussion regarding the term loan facility, see Note 12. Debt . 
 We accounted for this acquisition as a business combination. On June 1, 2024, we finalized our purchase price allocation for the NJOY Transaction. 
 12 

T able of Contents 

 Receivables Inventories Other assets Property, plant and equipment Other intangible assets: Developed technology (amortizable) Trademarks (amortizable) ) Supplier agreements (amortizable) 
 ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Total identifiable net assets ) Total consideration Goodwill 
 
 The excess of the total consideration over the identifiable net assets acquired in the NJOY Transaction primarily reflects the value of future growth opportunities in the e-vapor category. ne of the goodwill or other intangible assets is deductible for tax purposes. 
 The significant assumptions used in determining the fair values of the identifiable intangible assets included volume growth rates, operating margins, the assessment of acquired technology life cycles and discount rates. We amortize these intangible assets over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 Note 3. 
 
 Deferred revenue 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we did not expect differences between amounts recorded as receivables and amounts that would be subsequently received; therefore, we did t record an allowance for credit losses against these receivables. 
 When cash is received in advance of product shipment, our companies satisfy their performance obligations within of receiving payment. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no differences between amounts recorded as deferred revenue from contracts with customers and amounts subsequently recognized as revenue. 
 13 

T able of Contents 

 Sales incentives include variable payments related to goods sold by our businesses. We include estimates of variable consideration as a reduction to revenues upon shipment of goods to customers. The sales incentives that require significant estimates and judgments are as follows: 
 Price promotion payments- We make price promotion payments, substantially all of which are made to our retail partners to incent the promotion of certain product offerings in select geographic areas. 
 Wholesale and retail participation payments- We make payments to our wholesale and retail partners to incent merchandising and sharing of sales data in accordance with our trade agreements. 
 These estimates primarily include estimated wholesale to retail sales volume and historical acceptance rates. Actual payments will differ from estimated payments to the extent actual results differ from estimated assumptions. Differences between actual and estimated payments are reflected in the period such information becomes available. These differences, if any, have not had a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Note 4. 
 . Our responsibility is limited to making payment on the terms originally negotiated with our supplier, regardless of whether our supplier sells its receivable to a financial institution. We pay the third-party intermediary a nominal fee to administer the Program. Under the terms of the agreement with our third-party intermediary, ALCS has a direct obligation to pay the participating financial institutions or the participating suppliers when payment obligations are due, unless such obligations are satisfied by the applicable ALCS affiliate. Additionally, Altria guarantees the obligations of ALCS to those parties. We do not enter into agreements with any of the participating financial institutions in connection with the Program. The range of payment terms we negotiate with our suppliers (up to days) is consistent irrespective of whether a supplier participates in the Program. 
 We have no economic interest in a supplier s sale of a receivable. Once a qualifying supplier elects to participate in the Program and reaches an agreement with a participating third-party financial institution, the qualifying supplier elects which individual invoices it sells to the financial institution. 
 All outstanding balances under the Program are recorded in accounts payable on our condensed consolidated balance sheets, and the associated payments are included in operating activities within our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, confirmed outstanding obligations under the Program were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 5. 
 Oral tobacco products segment Other Total 
 14 

T able of Contents 

 Definite-lived intangible assets 
 Total other intangible assets 
 At September 30, 2024, substantially all of our indefinite-lived intangible assets consisted of (i) MST trademarks of billion, which consists of Copenhagen , Skoal and other MST trademarks of billion, billion and billion, respectively, from our 2009 acquisition of UST, and (ii) cigar trademarks of billion from our 2007 acquisition of Middleton. Definite-lived intangible assets, consisting primarily of intellectual property (which includes developed technology), certain cigarette trademarks, e-vapor trademarks and customer relationships, are amortized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. Pre-tax amortization expense for definite-lived intangible assets was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We estimate our annualized amortization expense, which includes the impact of the NJOY Transaction and related measurement period adjustments, for each of the next five years to be approximately million, assuming no additional transactions occur that require the amortization of intangible assets. 
 On April 30, 2024, we assigned the exclusive U.S. commercialization rights to the IQOS Tobacco Heating System IQOS System to Philip Morris International Inc. PMI pursuant to the terms of a purchase agreement entered into with PMI in October 2022 IQOS Transaction ). In exchange for the assignment of the U.S. commercialization rights to the IQOS System, we received total cash payments of approximately billion billion in 2022 and billion, including interest, in the third quarter of 2023), billion of which was classified as a deferred gain on our condensed consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2023. Upon the assignment of the U.S. commercialization rights to the IQOS System, we recorded a pre-tax gain of billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in our condensed consolidated statements of earnings. 
 Changes due to: 
 Acquisitions (1) 
 ) Asset impairment 
 ) Amortization 
 ) ) Balance at end of period 
 (1) Substantially all of the 2023 amounts are attributable to the NJOY Transaction. The 2024 amounts represent the measurement period adjustments made during the three months ended March 31, 2024 related to the NJOY Transaction. For additional information regarding the NJOY Transaction, see Note 2. Acquisition of NJOY . 
 At December 31, 2023, the estimated fair value of the Skoal trademark exceeded its carrying value of billion by approximately billion). Sales volumes of MST products, including Skoal , have been negatively impacted due in part to evolving adult tobacco consumer preferences, which has resulted in consumers increasingly moving across tobacco categories. In connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the period ended June 30, 2024, we evaluated the accelerated growth of innovative tobacco products, including oral nicotine pouches, and the related increase in competitive activity among tobacco categories, which have contributed to reductions in sales volumes for MST products, including Skoal . We concluded that the expected impact from the sales volume declines on the Skoal trademark represented a triggering event, and as a result of this conclusion, we performed an interim impairment assessment as of June 30, 2024. As a result of (i) lower projected revenue and income due to lower volume assumptions, (ii) a decrease in the perpetual growth rate to at October 1, 2023 valuation) and (iii) an increase in the discount rate to at October 1, 2023 valuation), we 
 15 

T able of Contents 

 million during the second quarter of 2024 in our condensed consolidated statements of earnings. Our estimate of the fair value and carrying value of the Skoal trademark at June 30, 2024 was billion, after recording the impairment. 
 We used an income approach to estimate the fair value of the Skoal trademark. The income approach reflects the discounting of expected future cash flows at a rate of return that incorporates the risk-free rate for the use of those funds, the expected rate of inflation and the risks associated with realizing expected future cash flows. In performing the discounted cash flow analysis, we made various judgments, estimates and assumptions, the most significant of which were volume, revenue, income, operating margins, perpetual growth rate and discount rate. All significant inputs used in the valuation are classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Our annual impairment test of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of October 1, 2023 resulted in no impairment charges. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were accumulated impairment losses related to goodwill. 
 
 Note 6. 
 Cronos Total 
 
 (Income) losses from our current and former investments in equity securities consisted of the following: 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, For the Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 ABI (1) 
 ) (2) 
 ) ) ) Cronos (1) 
 (Income) losses from investments under equity method of accounting ) ) ) ) JUUL 
 (3) 
 (Income) losses from investments in equity securities ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes our share of amounts recorded by our investees and additional adjustments, if required, related to (i) the conversion from international financial reporting standards to United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and (ii) adjustments to our investments required under the equity method of accounting. 
 (2) Includes million of the total pre-tax gain on the ABI Transaction discussed below. 
 (3) Represents loss as a result of the disposition of our JUUL equity securities discussed below. 
 
 ownership interest in ABI, consisting of approximately million restricted shares of ABI Restricted Shares and approximately million ordinary shares of ABI. Our Restricted Shares: 
 are unlisted and not admitted to trading on any stock exchange; 
 are convertible by us into ordinary shares of ABI on a -for-one basis; 
 rank equally with ordinary shares of ABI with regards to dividends and voting rights; and 
 have director nomination rights with respect to ABI. 
 On March 14, 2024, we converted million shares of our Restricted Shares to ordinary shares of ABI. In March 2024, we completed the ABI Transaction, which consisted of the following: 
 We sold million ordinary shares of ABI in a global secondary offering for gross proceeds of approximately billion. 
 We sold million of our ABI ordinary shares (approximately million ordinary shares) to ABI in a private transaction. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had an approximate ownership interest in ABI, consisting of approximately million Restricted Shares and approximately million ordinary shares of ABI. As a result of the ABI Transaction, in the first quarter of 2024, we received pre-tax cash proceeds totaling approximately billion and incurred transaction costs of approximately 
 16 

T able of Contents 

 million. In conjunction with the ABI Transaction, we entered into the ASR Agreements. For further discussion of the ASR Agreements, see Note 1. Background and Basis of Presentation . 
 Transaction costs ) Total pre-tax gain on ABI Transaction 
 The pre-tax gain on the partial sale of our investment was recorded in (income) losses from investments in equity securities and includes a million gain representing the excess of the selling price of the ABI shares sold over the carrying value of those shares, partially offset by a million reclassification of the proportionate share of our pre-tax accumulated other comprehensive losses directly attributable to ABI and our designated net investment hedges related to our investment in ABI (see Note 7. Financial Instruments and Note 10. Other Comprehensive Earnings/Losses ). 
 The pre-tax transaction costs were approximately million million in marketing, administration and research costs and million in interest and other debt expense, net), substantially all of which were underwriter fees. 
 In addition, in conjunction with the ABI Transaction, we recorded an income tax benefit from the partial release of a valuation allowance of approximately million in provision for income taxes in our condensed consolidated statement of earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For further discussion, see Note 13. Income Taxes . 
 We expect to maintain seats on ABI s board of directors through ABI s 2025 annual general meeting. Following that meeting, as a result of our reduced ownership interest in ABI following the ABI Transaction, we expect to have one seat on ABI s board of directors, in accordance with our rights as a holder of Restricted Shares. 
 The fair value of our investment in ABI at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was billion and billion, respectively, which exceeded its carrying value of billion and billion, respectively, by approximately and , respectively. 
 
 ownership interest in Cronos, consisting of approximately million shares, which we account for under the equity method of accounting. We report our share of Cronos s results using a one-quarter lag because Cronos s results are not available in time for us to record them in the concurrent period. 
 At September 30, 2024, the fair value of our investment in Cronos exceeded its carrying value by approximately million or approximately . At December 31, 2023, the fair value of our investment in Cronos was less than its carrying value by million or approximately . 
 
 Former Investment in JUUL Labs, Inc. JUUL 
 million on the disposition of our JUUL equity securities in (income) losses from investments in equity securities in our condensed consolidated statement of earnings. 
 17 

T able of Contents 

 Note 7. 
 outstanding foreign currency contracts. When we have foreign currency contracts in effect, counterparties are domestic and international financial institutions. Under these contracts, we are exposed to potential losses in the event of non-performance by these counterparties. We manage our credit risk by entering into transactions with counterparties that have investment grade credit ratings, limiting the amount of exposure we have with each counterparty and monitoring the financial condition of each counterparty. The counterparty agreements contain provisions that require us to maintain an investment grade credit rating. In the event our credit rating falls below investment grade, counterparties to our foreign currency contracts can require us to post collateral. 
 Fair value Foreign currency denominated debt included in long-term debt: Carrying value Fair value 
 Net Investment Hedging 
 We recognize changes in the carrying value of the foreign currency denominated debt due to changes in the Euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate in accumulated other comprehensive losses related to ABI. 
 We recognized pre-tax (gains) losses of our net investment hedges of million and ) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and ) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in accumulated other comprehensive losses. 
 In addition, as a result of the ABI Transaction, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we reclassified million of pre-tax gains from our designated net investments hedges included in accumulated other comprehensive losses to (income) losses from investments in equity securities in our condensed consolidated statement of earnings. For further discussion of the ABI Transaction and reclassification of accumulated other comprehensive losses, see Note 6. Investments in Equity Securities and Note 10. Other Comprehensive Earnings/Losses. 
 18 

T able of Contents 

 Note 8. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization: Net loss (gain) ) ) ) ) Prior service cost (credit) 
 ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost (income) ) ) ) ) 
 Employer Contributions 
 We make contributions to our pension plans to the extent that the contributions are tax deductible and pay benefits that relate to plans for salaried employees that cannot be funded under Internal Revenue Service IRS regulations. We made employer contributions of million to our pension plans and did t make any contributions to our postretirement plans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Currently, we anticipate making additional employer contributions of up to approximately million to our pension plans and contributions to our postretirement plans in 2024. However, the foregoing estimates of 2024 contributions to our pension and postretirement plans are subject to change as a result of changes in tax and other benefit laws, changes in interest rates and asset performance significantly above or below the assumed long-term rate of return for each respective plan. 
 
 Note 9. 
 Less: Distributed and undistributed earnings attributable to share-based awards Earnings for basic and diluted EPS Weighted-average shares for basic and diluted EPS 
 Unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents are participating securities and, therefore, are included in our EPS calculation pursuant to the two-class method. 
 19 

T able of Contents 

 Note 10.) ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (losses) before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) Deferred income taxes Other comprehensive earnings (losses) before reclassifications, net of deferred income taxes 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified to net earnings ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Amounts reclassified to net earnings, net of deferred income taxes ) Other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred income taxes ) (1) 
 ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (losses) before reclassifications 
 
 ) ) ) Deferred income taxes Other comprehensive earnings (losses) before reclassifications, net of deferred income taxes 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified to net earnings ) ) Deferred income taxes Amounts reclassified to net earnings, net of deferred income taxes ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred income taxes ) ) (1) 
 ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 20 

T able of Contents ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (losses) before reclassifications 
 Deferred income taxes ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (losses) before reclassifications, net of deferred income taxes 
 Amounts reclassified to net earnings ) ) ) Deferred income taxes Amounts reclassified to net earnings, net of deferred income taxes ) ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred income taxes ) (1) 
 Balances, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (losses) before reclassifications 
 Deferred income taxes ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (losses) before reclassifications, net of deferred income taxes 
 Amounts reclassified to net earnings ) ) ) Deferred income taxes Amounts reclassified to net earnings, net of deferred income taxes ) ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred income taxes ) (1) 
 Balances, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 (1) Primarily reflects our share of ABI s currency translation adjustments and the impact of our designated net investment hedges related to our investment in ABI. For further discussion of designated net investment hedges, see Note 7. Financial Instruments. 
 21 

T able of Contents 

 Prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ABI (2) 
 ) ) Pre-tax amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive losses to net earnings ) ) ) 
 (1) Amounts are included in net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost. For further details, see Note 8. Benefit Plans. 
 (2) Amounts are included in (income) losses from investments in equity securities. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as a result of the ABI Transaction, we reclassified million from our accumulated other comprehensive losses of which million is directly attributable to ABI, partially offset by million from our designated net investment hedges related to our investment in ABI. For further information, see Note 6. Investments in Equity Securities and Note 7. Financial Instruments . 
 
 Note 11. 
 22 

T able of Contents 

 Oral tobacco products All other ) Net revenues Earnings before income taxes: OCI: Smokeable products Oral tobacco products All other ) ) ) ) Amortization of intangibles ) ) ) ) General corporate expenses ) ) ) ) Operating income Interest and other debt expense, net Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost ) ) ) ) (Income) losses from investments in equity securities ) ) ) ) Gain on the sale of IQOS System commercialization rights 
 ) Earnings before income taxes 
 The comparability of OCI for our reportable segments was affected by the following: 
 Non-Participating Manufacturer NPM Adjustment Items:) ) ) ) Interest and other debt expense, net Total ) ) ) ) 
 We recorded the amounts shown in the table above in our smokeable products segment as reductions to cost of sales in our condensed consolidated statements of earnings, which resulted in increased OCI in our smokeable products segment. NPM adjustment items result from the resolutions of certain disputes with states and territories related to the NPM adjustment provision under the Master Settlement Agreement NPM Adjustment Items ). For further discussion, see Health Care Cost Recovery Litigation in Note 14. Contingencies . 
 Asset Impairment: We recorded a non-cash, pre-tax impairment of the Skoal trademark of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in our oral tobacco products segment. For further discussion, see Note 5. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net. 
 23 

T able of Contents 

General corporate expenses Interest and other debt expense, net Total 
 We recorded the amounts shown in the table above in our smokeable products segment and general corporate expenses in marketing, administration and research costs in our condensed consolidated statements of earnings. For further discussion, see Note 14. Contingencies . 
 Other Business Activities: Our R D investments have evolved and shifted from our traditional tobacco businesses to new product platforms and technologies. Beginning January 1, 2024, our R D expense is aligned with how our CODM now evaluates performance results and allocates resources for segment reporting. For the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, using this approach, we recorded the majority of our pre-tax R D expense of million and million, respectively, in our all other category, which now includes other business activities related to R D expense for certain new product platforms and technologies. For the nine and three months ended September 30, 2023, the majority of our pre-tax R D expense of million and million, respectively, was recorded in our smokeable products segment. 
 
 Note 12. 
 short-term borrowings. 
 In June 2023, we entered into a billion term loan facility and borrowed the full amount available to fund a portion of the cash payments at the closing of the NJOY Transaction. In July 2023, upon receipt of the remaining payment of approximately billion (including interest) from PMI related to the sale of the IQOS System commercialization rights, we repaid the term loan facility in full. 
 We have a billion senior unsecured revolving credit agreement Credit Agreement that expires on October 24, 2028 and includes an option, subject to certain conditions, for us to extend the term for additional periods. We intend to use any borrowings under our Credit Agreement for general corporate purposes. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had availability under our Credit Agreement for borrowings of up to an aggregate principal amount of billion. 
 Pricing for interest and fees under our Credit Agreement may be modified in the event of a change in the rating of our long-term senior unsecured debt. We expect interest rates on borrowings under our Credit Agreement to be based on the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate, plus a percentage based on the higher of the ratings of our long-term senior unsecured debt from Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC. The applicable percentage for borrowings under our Credit Agreement at September 30, 2024 was based on our long-term senior unsecured debt ratings on that date. Our Credit Agreement does not include any other rating triggers or any provisions that could require the posting of collateral. 
 Our Credit Agreement includes various covenants, one of which requires us to maintain a ratio of Consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) to Consolidated Interest Expense of not less than to 1.0, calculated as of the end of the applicable quarter on a rolling four quarters basis. At September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with our covenants in our Credit Agreement. The terms Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Interest Expense, each as defined in our Credit Agreement, include certain adjustments. 
 PM USA guarantees any borrowings under our Credit Agreement and any amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program. 
 Long-term Debt 
 The aggregate carrying value of our total long-term debt at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was billion and billion, respectively. 
 During the first quarter of 2024, we repaid in full at maturity our and senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amounts of million and million, respectively. 
 24 

T able of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, was included in other accrued liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 For a discussion of the fair value of our long-term debt and the designation of our Euro denominated senior unsecured notes as a net investment hedge of our investment in ABI, see Note 7. Financial Instruments . 
 
 Note 13. 
 Provision for income taxes Income tax rate 
 Our income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 , due primarily to state tax expense, partially offset by an income tax benefit from the partial release of a valuation allowance recorded against a deferred tax asset associated with our JUUL-related losses. The valuation allowance release was due to our capital gain on the ABI Transaction. Our income tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 , due primarily to state tax expense. 
 Our income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 , due primarily to state tax expense and a valuation allowance recorded against a deferred tax asset related to the disposition of our former investment in JUUL. Our income tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 , due primarily to state tax expense. 
 Additions to valuation allowance charged to income tax expense Releases of valuation allowance credited to income tax benefit ) Foreign currency translation Reductions to valuation allowance due to NJOY Transaction (no impact to earnings) 
 ) Balance at end of period 
 The changes in the valuation allowances for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were due primarily to the ABI Transaction. The cumulative valuation allowance at September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to deferred tax assets recorded in connection with the unrealized capital losses related to our former investment in JUUL and our investment in Cronos. As we continue to evaluate all sources of potential income that may become available to utilize these losses, our valuation allowance position may change. For further discussion of the ABI Transaction, see Note 6. Investments in Equity Securities . 
 Agreement with the IRS 
 In October 2024, we entered into an agreement with the IRS regarding the tax treatment of the billion ordinary loss we recognized in 2023 for cash tax purposes with respect to a portion of our tax basis associated with our former investment in JUUL. We fully reserved for the tax benefit associated with this ordinary loss by recording an unrecognized tax benefit in 
 25 

T able of Contents 

 billion in our consolidated statement of earnings in the fourth quarter of 2024 for the reversal of the unrecognized tax benefit, which results in the partial release of a valuation allowance against our JUUL-related losses. 
 billion ordinary loss and a billion capital loss on our 2023 tax return. After giving effect to the agreement and billion of capital losses previously utilized against capital gains related to the IQOS billion (which includes billion of capital loss carryforwards available to offset capital gains through 2028) of the billion tax loss related to our former investment in JUUL remaining to offset future potential capital gains. For financial statement purposes, none of the tax benefit for the billion has been recognized . 
 
 Note 14. 
 states and Puerto Rico limit the dollar amount of bonds or require no bond at all. However, tobacco litigation plaintiffs have challenged the constitutionality of Florida s bond cap statute in several cases, and plaintiffs may challenge state bond cap statutes in other jurisdictions as well. Such challenges may include the applicability of state bond caps in federal court. States, including Florida, also may seek to repeal or alter bond cap statutes through legislation. Although we cannot predict the outcome of such challenges, it is possible that our consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be materially affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome of one or more such challenges. 
 We record provisions in our condensed consolidated financial statements for pending litigation when we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. At the present time, while it is reasonably possible that an unfavorable outcome in a case may occur, except to the extent discussed elsewhere in this Note 14. Contingencies : (i) management has concluded that it is not probable that a loss has been incurred in any of the pending cases; (ii) management is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome in any of the pending cases; and (iii) accordingly, management has not provided any amounts in our condensed consolidated financial statements for unfavorable outcomes, if any. Litigation defense costs are expensed as incurred. 
 We have achieved substantial success in managing litigation. Nevertheless, litigation is subject to uncertainty and significant challenges remain. It is possible that our consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be materially affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. We believe, and have been so advised by counsel handling the respective cases, that we have valid defenses to the litigation pending against us, as well as valid bases for appeal of adverse verdicts. We have defended, and will continue to defend, vigorously against litigation challenges. However, we may enter into settlement discussions in particular cases if we believe it is in our best interests to do so. 
 26 

T able of Contents 

Pre-tax charges for: Tobacco and health and certain other litigation (1) 
 
 Shareholder derivative lawsuits (2) 
 JUUL-related settlements (3) 
 Related interest costs Payments ) ) ) ) Accrued liability for tobacco and health and certain other litigation items at end of period 
 (1) Includes judgments, settlements and fee disputes associated with tobacco and health and certain other litigation. 
 (2) See Federal and State Shareholder Derivative Lawsuits below for a discussion of the settlement of the federal and state shareholder derivative lawsuits. 
 (3) Includes the settlement of certain e-vapor product litigation relating to JUUL e-vapor products. See E-vapor Product Litigation below for a discussion of these settlements. 
 The accrued liability for tobacco and health and certain other litigation items, including related interest costs, was included in accrued liabilities and other liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Pre-tax charges except for related interest costs were included in marketing, administration and research costs in our condensed consolidated statements of earnings. Pre-tax charges for related interest costs were included in interest and other debt expense, net in our condensed consolidated statements of earnings. 
 After exhausting all appeals in those cases resulting in adverse verdicts associated with tobacco-related litigation, since October 2004, PM USA has paid judgments and settlements (including related costs and fees) totaling approximately billion and interest totaling approximately million as of September 30, 2024. These amounts include payments for Engle progeny judgments (and related costs and fees) totaling approximately million and related interest totaling approximately million. 
 Security for Judgments: To obtain stays of judgments pending appeal, PM USA has posted various forms of security. As of September 30, 2024, PM USA has posted appeal bonds totaling approximately million, which have been collateralized with restricted cash and are included in assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Overview of Tobacco-Related Litigation 
 Types and Number of U.S. Cases: Claims related to tobacco products generally fall within the following categories: (i) smoking and health cases alleging personal injury brought on behalf of individual plaintiffs; (ii) health care cost recovery cases brought by governmental (both domestic and foreign) plaintiffs seeking reimbursement for health care expenditures allegedly caused by cigarette smoking and/or disgorgement of profits; (iii) e-vapor cases alleging violation of RICO, fraud, failure to warn, design defect, negligence, antitrust, patent infringement and unfair trade practices; and (iv) other tobacco-related litigation described below. Plaintiffs theories of recovery and the defenses raised in tobacco-related litigation are discussed below. 
 27 

T able of Contents 

 Health Care Cost Recovery Actions (2) 
 E-vapor Cases (3) 
 Other Tobacco-Related Cases (4) 
 
 (1) Includes as of October 28, 2024, cases filed in Illinois, cases filed in New Mexico, cases filed in Massachusetts, cases filed in Oregon, cases filed in Hawaii and non- Engle cases filed in Florida. Does not include individual smoking and health cases brought by or on behalf of plaintiffs in Florida state and federal courts following the decertification of the Engle class (these Engle progeny cases are discussed below in Smoking and Health Litigation - Engle Progeny Cases ). Also does not include approximately Broin cases. For further discussion of the Broin cases, see Other Smoking and Health Class Actions below. 
 (2) See Health Care Cost Recovery Litigation - Federal Government s Lawsuit below. 
 (3) In May 2023, we reached agreement on terms to resolve the majority of the Multidistrict Litigation lawsuits, and, in March 2024, the court granted final approval of the settlement. Pending final dismissal of these cases, as of October 28, 2024, the remaining cases include individual cases that opted out of the settlement, class action lawsuits class action lawsuits pending in Canada and class actions participating in the settlement but pending dismissal) and individual state court case relating to the Multidistrict Litigation. Also includes cases brought by Native American tribes that are subject to a separate settlement and are pending dismissal. For further discussion of the Multidistrict Litigation settlement and the settlement of the cases brought by Native American tribes, see E-vapor Product Litigation below. 
 (4) Includes as of October 28, 2024, inactive smoking and health case alleging personal injury and purporting to be brought on behalf of a class of individual plaintiffs and inactive class action lawsuits alleging that use of the terms Lights and Ultra Lights constitute deceptive and unfair trade practices, common law or statutory fraud, unjust enrichment, breach of warranty or violations of RICO. 
 International Tobacco-Related Cases: As of October 28, 2024, (i) Altria is named as a defendant in e-vapor class action lawsuits in Canada; (ii) PM USA is a named defendant in health care cost recovery actions in Canada, of which also name Altria as a defendant; and (iii) PM USA and Altria are named as defendants in smoking and health class actions filed in various Canadian provinces. See Guarantees and Other Similar Matters below for a discussion of the Distribution Agreement (defined below) between Altria and PMI that provides for indemnities for certain liabilities concerning tobacco products. 
 Tobacco-Related Cases Set for Trial: As of October 28, 2024, Engle progeny case, individual smoking and health case and e-vapor cases are set for trial through December 31, 2024. Trial dates are subject to change. 
 Trial Results: Since January 1999, excluding the Engle progeny cases (separately discussed below), verdicts have been returned in tobacco-related cases in which PM USA was a defendant. Verdicts in favor of PM USA and other defendants were returned in of the cases. Of the non- Engle progeny cases in which verdicts were returned in favor of plaintiffs, have reached final resolution. 
 See Smoking and Health Liti gation - Engle Progeny Trial Results below for a discussion of verdicts in state and federal Engle progeny cases involving PM USA as of October 28, 2024. 
 Smoking and Health Litigation 
 Overview: Plaintiffs allegations of liability in smoking and health cases are based on various theories of recovery, including negligence, gross negligence, strict liability, fraud, misrepresentation, design defect, failure to warn, nuisance, breach of express and implied warranties, breach of special duty, conspiracy, concert of action, violations of unfair trade practice laws and consumer protection statutes and claims under the federal and state anti-racketeering statutes. Plaintiffs in the smoking and health cases seek various forms of relief, including compensatory and punitive damages, treble/multiple damages and other statutory damages and penalties, creation of medical monitoring and smoking cessation funds, disgorgement of profits, and injunctive and equitable relief. Defenses raised in these cases include lack of proximate cause, assumption of the risk, comparative fault and/or contributory negligence, statutes of limitations and preemption by the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act. 
 Non- Engle Progeny Litigation: Summarized below are the non- Engle progeny smoking and health cases pending in which verdicts were returned in favor of plaintiff and against PM USA and remain outstanding or cases concluded within the last 12 months where PM USA paid a final judgment. Charts listing certain verdicts for plaintiffs in the Engle progeny cases can be found in Smoking and Health Litigation - Engle Progeny Trial Results below. 
 Taylor : In April 2024, a jury in an Oregon state court returned a verdict in favor of plaintiff and against PM USA, awarding less than million in compensatory damages. The jury found that plaintiff was not entitled to punitive damages. Plaintiff has appealed the judgment, and the appeal remains pending. PM USA filed post-trial motions, which were denied, and PM USA 
 28 

T able of Contents 

 million in compensatory damages and million in punitive damages. In October 2023, the court entered judgment against PM USA for million, having reduced the compensatory damages award to million based on the jury s finding on comparative fault and a set-off against plaintiff s settlements with other defendants. We filed post-trial motions challenging the verdict, which were denied in March 2024. In April 2024, we filed a notice of appeal and a motion to stay execution pending appeal, and the court has stayed execution of the final judgment pending resolution of PM USA s appeal rights. PM USA s appeal remains pending, and plaintiff has noticed a cross-appeal. 
 Woodley : In February 2023, a jury in a Massachusetts state court returned a verdict in favor of plaintiff and against PM USA, awarding million in compensatory damages. There was claim for punitive damages. Following the denial of PM USA s post-trial motions, PM USA appealed the judgment to the Appeals Court of Massachusetts, and the appeal remains pending. 
 Fontaine : In September 2022, a jury in a Massachusetts state court returned a verdict in favor of plaintiff and against PM USA, awarding approximately million in compensatory damages and billion in punitive damages. In September 2023, the court denied PM USA s motion for a new trial and partially granted PM USA s motion for remittitur, reducing the punitive damages award to million. In December 2023, the court entered a final judgment awarding plaintiff million in compensatory damages, million in punitive damages and prejudgment interest. PM USA has noticed an appeal to the Appeals Court of Massachusetts, and the appeal remains pending. 
 Federal Government s Lawsuit : See Health Care Cost Recovery Litigation - Federal Government s Lawsuit below for a discussion of the verdict and post-trial developments in the United States of America health care cost recovery case. 
 Engle Progeny Cases: Engle progeny cases are individual smoking and health lawsuits filed by Florida resident plaintiffs against one or more cigarette manufacturer defendants. The lawsuits arose following the Florida Supreme Court s decertification of the class in Engle, et. al. v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., et. al. , a smoking and health class action lawsuit filed in Florida state court against multiple defendants, including PM USA, in which the jury returned a verdict in favor of the plaintiff class and the trial court assessed punitive damages against the defendants. In July 2006, the Florida Supreme Court mandated that the trial court s punitive damages award be vacated, that the class approved by the trial court be decertified and that members of the decertified class could file individual actions against defendants within one year of issuance of the mandate. Plaintiffs in Engle progeny lawsuits are entitled to rely on certain liability findings from the class action lawsuit, substantially reducing each plaintiff s burden of proof. These liability findings stipulate: (i) that smoking causes various diseases; (ii) that nicotine in cigarettes is addictive; (iii) that defendants cigarettes were defective and unreasonably dangerous; (iv) that defendants concealed or omitted material information not otherwise known or available knowing that the material was false or misleading or failed to disclose a material fact concerning the health effects or addictive nature of smoking; (v) that defendants agreed to conceal or omit information regarding the health effects of cigarettes or their addictive nature with the intention that smokers would rely on the information to their detriment; (vi) that defendants sold or supplied cigarettes that were defective; and (vii) that defendants were negligent. 
 Pending Engl e Progeny Cases: The deadline for filing Engle progeny cases expired in January 2008, at which point a total of approximately federal and state claims were pending. As of October 28, 2024, approximately state court cases were pending against PM USA or Altria asserting individual claims by or on behalf of approximately state court plaintiffs. Because of a number of factors, including docketing delays, duplicated filings and overlapping dismissal orders, these numbers are estimates. Each federal Engle progeny case has been resolved. 
 Engle Progeny Trial Results: As of October 28, 2024, federal and state Engle progeny cases involving PM USA have resulted in verdicts. were returned in favor of plaintiffs, of which have been reversed post-trial or on appeal and remain pending. verdicts were returned in favor of PM USA, of which have been reversed post-trial or on appeal and remain pending. In addition, there have been a number of mistrials, only some of which have resulted in new trials as of October 28, 2024. 
 Post-trial activity in a case can result in final resolution that differs from the initial verdict. In many cases, parties have appealed either compensatory or punitive damages awards or both. Courts also have increased and decreased the amounts of punitive damages juries have awarded, declared mistrials and vacated judgments, in whole or in part, with respect to compensatory and punitive damages awards. Initial verdicts have been reversed in whole or in part on appeal or following retrial. Juries have returned verdicts in favor of or against PM USA awarding no damages. In cases where juries returned verdicts against PM USA awarding no damages, some trial courts have decided to award plaintiff damages notwithstanding the verdict. Cases also have been dismissed with or without prejudice before or after a verdict. 
 29 

T able of Contents 

 million 
 million 
 Appeals to the Third District Court of Appeal pending. Chacon October 2023 PM USA Miami-Dade 
 Engle Cases Concluded Within Past 12 Months 
 (rounded to nearest million) 
 Plaintiff Verdict Date Defendant(s) Court Payment Amount for Damages (if any) Chadwell September 2018 PM USA Miami-Dade million Schertzer April 2022 PM USA and R.J. Reynolds Miami-Dade million Hoffman January 2023 PM USA Miami-Dade million Levine September 2022 PM USA and R.J. Reynolds Miami-Dade million Duignan February 2020 PM USA and R.J. Reynolds Pinellas million Ferraiuolo November 2023 PM USA and R.J. Reynolds Duval Other Smoking and Health Class Actions: Since the dismissal in May 1996 of a purported nationwide class action brought on behalf of allegedly addicted smokers, plaintiffs have filed numerous putative smoking and health class action suits in various state and federal courts. In general, these cases have purported to be brought on behalf of residents of a particular state or states (although a few cases have purported to be nationwide in scope) and have raised addiction claims and, in many cases, claims of physical injury as well. 
 Class certification has been denied or reversed by courts in smoking and health class actions involving PM USA in Arkansas ), California ), Delaware ), the District of Columbia ), Florida ), Illinois ), Iowa ), Kansas ), Louisiana ), Maryland ), Michigan ), Minnesota ), Nevada ), New Jersey ), New York ), Ohio ), Oklahoma ), Oregon ), Pennsylvania ), Puerto Rico ), South Carolina ), Texas ) and Wisconsin ). See Certain Other Tobacco-Related Litigation below for a discussion of Lights and Ultra Lights class action cases and medical monitoring class action cases pending against PM USA. 
 As of October 28, 2024, PM USA and Altria are named as defendants, along with other cigarette manufacturers, in class actions filed in the Canadian provinces of Alberta, Manitoba, Nova Scotia, Saskatchewan, British Columbia and Ontario. In Saskatchewan, British Columbia separate cases) and Ontario, plaintiffs seek class certification on behalf of individuals who suffer or have suffered from various diseases, including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, emphysema, heart disease or cancer, after smoking defendants cigarettes. In the actions filed in Alberta, Manitoba and Nova Scotia, plaintiffs seek certification of classes of all individuals who smoked defendants cigarettes. In March 2019, all of these class actions were stayed as a result of Canadian tobacco manufacturers ne of which is related to us) seeking protection under Canada s 
 30 

T able of Contents 

 smoking and health class action verdicts against those companies totaling approximately CAD billion. See Guarantees and Other Similar Matters below for a discussion of the Distribution Agreement between Altria and PMI, which provides for indemnities for certain liabilities concerning tobacco products. 
 As of October 28, 2024, PM USA is named as a defendant in approximately cases brought by flight attendants against United States cigarette manufacturers seeking compensatory damages for personal injuries allegedly caused by exposure to environmental tobacco smoke ETS ). The flight attendants allege that they are members of an ETS smoking and health class action in Florida that was settled in 1997 Broin ). The terms of the court-approved settlement in that case allowed class members to file individual lawsuits seeking compensatory damages but prohibited them from seeking punitive damages. Class members were prohibited from filing individual lawsuits after 2000 under the court-approved settlement. In July 2024, we reached agreement on terms to resolve approximately individual Broin lawsuits. Accordingly, in the second quarter of 2024, we recorded a pre-tax provision of million related to the settlement of these cases, which we paid in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Health Care Cost Recovery Litigation 
 Overview: In the health care cost recovery litigation, governmental entities seek reimbursement of health care cost expenditures allegedly caused by tobacco products and, in some cases, of future expenditures and damages. Relief sought by some but not all plaintiffs includes punitive damages, multiple damages and other statutory damages and penalties, injunctions prohibiting alleged marketing and sales to minors, disclosure of research, disgorgement of profits, funding of anti-smoking programs, additional disclosure of nicotine yields, and payment of attorney and expert witness fees. 
 Although there have been some decisions to the contrary, most judicial decisions in the United States have dismissed all or most health care cost recovery claims against cigarette manufacturers. federal circuit courts of appeals and state appellate courts, relying primarily on grounds that plaintiffs claims were too remote, have ordered or affirmed dismissals of health care cost recovery actions. The U.S. Supreme Court has refused to consider plaintiffs appeals from the cases decided by five federal circuit courts of appeal. 
 In addition to the cases brought in the United States, health care cost recovery actions have been brought against tobacco industry participants, including PM USA and Altria, in Canada cases), and other entities have stated that they are considering filing such actions. 
 Since the beginning of 2008, the Canadian Provinces of British Columbia, New Brunswick, Ontario, Newfoundland and Labrador, Quebec, Alberta, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Prince Edward Island and Nova Scotia have brought health care reimbursement claims against cigarette manufacturers. PM USA is named as a defendant in the British Columbia and Quebec cases, while both Altria and PM USA are named as defendants in the New Brunswick, Ontario, Newfoundland and Labrador, Alberta, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Prince Edward Island and Nova Scotia cases. The Nunavut Territory and Northwest Territory have passed legislation permitting similar claims, but lawsuits based on this legislation have not been filed. All of these cases have been stayed pending resolution of proceedings in Canada involving tobacco manufacturers (none of which are affiliated with us) under the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act discussed above. See Smoking and Health Litigation - Other Smoking and Health Class Actions above for a discussion of these proceedings. See Guarantees and Other Similar Matters below for a discussion of the Distribution Agreement between Altria and PMI that provides for indemnities for certain liabilities concerning tobacco products. 
 Settlements of Health Care Cost Recovery Litigation: In November 1998, PM USA and certain other tobacco product manufacturers entered into the Master Settlement Agreement (the MSA with states, the District of Columbia and certain United States territories to settle asserted and unasserted health care cost recovery and other claims. PM USA and certain other tobacco product manufacturers had previously entered into agreements to settle similar claims brought by Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Minnesota (together with the MSA, the State Settlement Agreements ). The State Settlement Agreements require that the original participating manufacturers or OPMs (now PM USA, R.J. Reynolds and, with respect to certain brands, ITG Brands, LLC ITG )) make annual payments of approximately billion, subject to adjustments for several factors, including inflation, market share and industry volume. In addition, the OPMs are required to make quarterly payments settling plaintiffs attorneys fees, subject to an annual cap of million, on a pro rata basis based on market share. These quarterly payments will end in the fourth quarter of 2024. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the aggregate amount recorded in cost of sales with respect to the State Settlement Agreements was approximately million for each period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the aggregate amount recorded in cost of sales with respect to the State Settlement Agreements was approximately billion and billion, respectively. These amounts include PM USA s estimate of amounts related to NPM Adjustments discussed below. 
 Non-Participating Manufacturer NPM Adjustment Disputes: The NPM Adjustment is a reduction in MSA payments made by the OPMs and those manufacturers that are subsequent signatories to the MSA (collectively, the participating 
 31 

T able of Contents 

 states and territories had settled NPM Adjustment disputes relating to varying periods of time. In March 2022, August 2023 and February 2024, Illinois, Iowa and Idaho, respectively, joined the multi-state settlement, bringing the total number of states and territories that have joined the multi-state settlement to . In the first quarter of 2022, PM USA recorded million, million of which related to the 2019 through 2021 transition years, as a reduction in cost of sales as a result of Illinois joining the multi-state settlement. As a result of Iowa joining the multi-state settlement, PM USA will receive approximately million for 2005 through 2022, million of which relates to the 2020 through 2022 transition years. Accordingly, PM USA recorded million as a reduction in cost of sales in the third quarter of 2023. As a result of Idaho joining the multi-state settlement, PM USA will receive approximately million for 2005 through 2023, million of which relates to the 2021 through 2023 transition years. In connection with this development, PM USA recorded million as a reduction in cost of sales in the first quarter of 2024. Pursuant to the multi-state settlement, PM USA has received billion since the first group of states entered the NPM Adjustment dispute settlement in 2014 and expects to receive annual credits applied against PM USA s MSA payments through 2041. 
 New York Settlement. In 2015, PM USA entered into a separate NPM Adjustment settlement in which PM USA settled the NPM Adjustment disputes with New York in perpetuity. PM USA has received million pursuant to the New York settlement and expects to receive annual credits applied against the MSA payments due to New York going forward. 
 Montana Settlement . In 2020, PM USA entered into a separate NPM Adjustment settlement in which PM USA settled the NPM Adjustment disputes with Montana through 2030, resulting in a payment from PM USA to Montana for an immaterial amount. 
 Massachusetts Settlement . In 2024, PM USA entered into a separate NPM Adjustment settlement in which PM USA settled the NPM Adjustment disputes with Massachusetts through 2011. As a result of this settlement, PM USA will receive million. Accordingly, PM USA recorded million as a reduction in costs of sales in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Continuing NPM Adjustment Disputes with States That Have Not Settled . 
 2004 NPM Adjustment. The PMs and the states that had not settled the NPM Adjustment disputes for 2004 participated in a multi-state arbitration. Iowa subsequently joined the multistate settlement in August 2023. The arbitration panel found of the remaining states that have not settled the NPM Adjustment disputes, Washington, Missouri and New Mexico, were not diligent in the enforcement of their escrow statutes in 2004, and PM USA received approximately million on account of the 2004 NPM Adjustment as a credit against its April 2023 MSA payment. PM USA recorded million and million in third quarter of 2021 and fourth quarter of 2022, respectively. Washington, Missouri and New Mexico have challenged those determinations in their respective state courts, and several issues remain to be resolved by the state trial and appellate courts that may affect the final amount of the 2004 NPM adjustment PM USA and other PMs will receive. 
 2005-2007 NPM Adjustments. The PMs and the states that have not settled the NPM Adjustment disputes are currently arbitrating NPM Adjustment disputes before a single arbitration panel. The arbitration encompasses , 2005 through 2007, for of the states, and , 2005, for state. As of October 28, 2024, the arbitration panel had issued decisions for Maryland, Washington and Wisconsin, finding Maryland and Wisconsin diligent for all and Washington not diligent for all . PM USA recorded million as a reduction of costs of sales and million as interest income in the fourth quarter of 2023 for its estimate of the minimum amount of the 2005 through 2007 NPM Adjustment it will receive. 
 Subsequent Years. No assurance can be given as to when proceedings for 2008 and subsequent years will be scheduled or the precise form those proceedings will take. 
 Other Disputes under the State Settlement Agreements: The payment obligations of the tobacco product manufacturers that are parties to the State Settlement Agreements, as well as the allocations of any NPM Adjustments and related settlements, have been and may continue to be affected by R.J. Reynolds s acquisition of Lorillard Tobacco Company in 2015 and its related sale of certain cigarette brands to ITG (the ITG transferred brands ). PM USA continues to dispute how the ITG transferred brands are treated in allocating the NPM Adjustments and profit adjustments under the State Settlement Agreements. 
 In December 2019, the State of Mississippi filed a motion in Mississippi state court seeking to enforce the Mississippi State Settlement Agreement against PM USA, R.J. Reynolds and ITG concerning the tax rates used in the annual calculation of the net operating profit adjustment payments starting in 2018. The Mississippi state court held a hearing in October 2021 and 
 32 

T able of Contents 

 million to Mississippi for 2018 through 2023. Accordingly, PM USA recorded million of expense to cost of sales and million of interest expense in the third quarter of 2024. 
 In May 2023, PM USA and R.J. Reynolds filed a motion in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas seeking to enforce the Texas State Settlement Agreement against the State of Texas concerning the same tax rate issue raised by the State of Mississippi. The State of Texas filed a cross-motion to enforce, and the court found in favor of the State of Texas. As of October 28, 2024, the court had not made a determination on damages. PM USA intends to appeal. 
 In July 2024, the State of Minnesota filed a motion in Minnesota state court seeking to enforce the Minnesota State Settlement Agreement against PM USA, R.J. Reynolds and ITG concerning the same state tax issues raised by Mississippi and Texas. The motion remains pending. 
 Federal Government s Lawsuit: In 1999, the U.S. government filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against various cigarette manufacturers, including PM USA, and others, including Altria, asserting claims under three federal statutes. The case ultimately proceeded only under the civil provisions of RICO. In August 2006, the district court held that certain defendants, including Altria and PM USA, violated RICO and engaged in certain sub-schemes to defraud that the government had alleged. 
 The court did not impose monetary penalties on defendants, but ordered various types of non-monetary relief, including an injunction against conveying any express or implied health message or health descriptors on cigarette packaging or in cigarette advertising or promotional material, including lights, ultra lights and low tar, which the court found could cause consumers to believe one cigarette brand is less hazardous than another brand, and the issuance of corrective statements in various media regarding the adverse health effects of smoking, the addictiveness of smoking and nicotine, the lack of any significant health benefit from smoking low tar or light cigarettes, defendants manipulation of cigarette design to ensure optimum nicotine delivery and the adverse health effects of exposure to ETS. 
 Corrective statements appeared in newspapers and on television for and , respectively, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2017, and the onserts appeared for two weeks at a time for a total of twelve weeks over beginning in the fourth quarter of 2018. Corrective statements have appeared on websites since the second quarter of 2018. In December 2022, the district court entered a consent order approving a settlement with respect to corrective statements on point-of-sale signage. In addition to the million of provisions recorded in 2022, we recorded in the first quarter of 2024 provisions of million for estimated costs of implementing the corrective statements on point-of-sale signage remedy. 
 In May 2024, we entered into an agreement with the U.S. government resolving its concerns regarding our assignment of the exclusive U.S. commercialization rights to the IQOS System to PMI and whether the court-ordered injunction that applies to cigarettes discussed above also applies to HeatSticks, a heated tobacco product used with the IQOS System. Under the agreement, PM USA agreed to obtain district court approval for any future similar transaction and to post additional point-of-sale signage containing the corrective statements referenced above. The cost of implementing the additional point-of-sale signage did not require an increase to the previously recorded provisions for point-of-sale signage discussed above. Pursuant to the settlement, PM USA voluntarily dismissed its appeal of the district court s ruling that HeatSticks are subject to the court s injunction. 
 E-vapor Product Litigation 
 We have been named as defendants in federal class action lawsuits, individual lawsuits and third party lawsuits relating to JUUL e-vapor products, which include school districts, state and local governments and tribal and healthcare organization lawsuits. We refer to this litigation in the United States collectively as the Multidistrict Litigation. The theories of recovery in the Multidistrict Litigation include violation of RICO, fraud, failure to warn, design defect, negligence, public nuisance and unfair trade practices. Plaintiffs seek various remedies, including compensatory and punitive damages, restitution or remediation (for plaintiffs that are government entities) and an injunction prohibiting product sales. We also have been named as defendants in a group of cases pending in a consolidated California state court proceeding. 
 In May 2023, we reached agreement on terms to resolve the majority of the Multidistrict Litigation lawsuits as well as the majority of the group of cases pending in a consolidated California state court proceeding for million, for which amount we recorded a pre-tax provision in the second quarter of 2023. In March 2024, the court granted final approval of the class action settlement, and we paid the settlement amount in the second quarter of 2024. The settlement applies to all of the Multidistrict Litigation except third party cases brought by Native American tribes, which we separately agreed to settle in July 2024 and are pending dismissal. We recorded a pre-tax provision for million in the second quarter of 2024 related to the settlement of these cases and paid the settlement amount in October 2024. Neither settlement applies to class action lawsuits pending in Canada, the cases brought by state attorneys general, discussed below, or putative class action antitrust lawsuits. For a description of the antitrust cases not subject to the settlement, see Antitrust Litigation below. 
 33 

T able of Contents 

 of the third party lawsuits noted above against us and JUUL were initiated, individually, by the attorneys general of Alaska, Hawaii, Minnesota and New Mexico alleging violations of state consumer protection and other similar laws. In April 2023, January 2024, February 2024 and April 2024, we agreed to settle the Minnesota, Alaska, Hawaii and New Mexico lawsuits, respectively, for immaterial amounts. 
 In May 2023, Fuma International LLC Fuma filed a lawsuit against Altria and our affiliates Nu Mark LLC Nu Mark ), AGDC, ALCS and NJOY in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia asserting claims of patent infringement based on the sale of various Nu Mark and NJOY products, including NJOY ACE , in the United States. In August 2023, we entered into an agreement with Fuma resulting in NJOY s acquisition of the patents that Fuma asserted in its lawsuit. The parties separately agreed that Fuma would dismiss its patent infringement claims in exchange for million, and such claims were dismissed in August 2023. We recorded a pre-tax provision for million in the third quarter of 2023 related to the agreement and paid such amount to Fuma in August 2023. 
 In June 2023, JUUL and VMR Products LLC VMR filed a lawsuit against Altria and our affiliates AGDC, ALCS, NJOY Holdings and NJOY in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona asserting claims of patent infringement based on the sale of NJOY ACE in the United States. Plaintiffs seek various remedies, including damages and an injunction on sales of NJOY ACE . The lawsuit is currently stayed. 
 Also in June 2023, the same plaintiffs filed a related action against the same defendants with the U.S. International Trade Commission ITC ). There, the plaintiffs also allege patent infringement, but the remedies sought include an exclusion order that would prohibit the importation of NJOY ACE into the United States. damages are recoverable in the proceedings before the ITC. A hearing before the Administrative Law Judge ALJ was held in May 2024, and, in August 2024, the ALJ issued an initial determination supporting the plaintiffs allegations with respect to patents and recommending an exclusion order. In September 2024, NJOY petitioned the ITC to review the ALJ s initial determination. In October 2024, the ITC granted review of the ALJ s initial determination with respect to aspects of of the patents. The ITC must issue its final determination, including with respect to the form of remedy, if any, to be ordered, by December 23, 2024, subject to its right to grant itself an extension. If the ITC issues an exclusion order, the ITC must send that order to the Office of the United States Trade Representative for review. The Trade Representative would then have days to review the ITC s determination. If the Trade Representative does not affirmatively reject the ITC s determination, the determination automatically becomes final and takes effect after the days have elapsed or earlier if the Trade Representative notifies the ITC of approval before the days elapse. A final exclusion order can be appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, but a final exclusion order prohibiting the importation of NJOY ACE would be unlikely to be stayed during the pendency of such an appeal. 
 In November and December 2023 and February 2024, Altria and our affiliates filed petitions with the U.S. Patent Office Patent Trial and Appeal Board PTAB challenging the validity of the patents underlying JUUL and VMR s patent infringement claims. In May, June and August 2024, the PTAB denied Altria s request to institute review as to patents (including of the patents that form the basis of the ALJ s initial determination) and, in June 2024, granted Altria s request to institute review as to of the patents that forms the basis of the ALJ s initial determination, which, as noted above, is being reviewed by the ITC. The PTAB will conduct proceedings and issue its validity decision as to the one JUUL patent by June 2025, after which appeals may be filed with the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. 
 In August 2023, NJOY filed a complaint against JUUL in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware asserting claims of patent infringement based on the sale of certain JUUL e-vapor products, including the currently marketed JUUL device and JUULpods , in the United States. The lawsuit is currently stayed. 
 Also in August 2023, NJOY filed a related action against JUUL with the ITC alleging patent infringement and seeking a ban on the importation and sale of the same JUUL products in the United States. A hearing before the ALJ was held in June 2024, and the ALJ s initial determination and recommendation is scheduled to be issued by December 6, 2024, subject to further extension by the ALJ. Once the ALJ issues its initial determination and recommendation, the ITC s review of the ALJ s initial determination and recommendation will proceed in the same manner as discussed above with respect to VMR and JUUL s action against NJOY. The ITC must issue its final determination, including with respect to the form of remedy, if any, to be ordered, by April 7, 2025, subject to its right to grant itself an extension. 
 In November 2023, JUUL filed petitions with the PTAB challenging the validity of the patents underlying NJOY s patent infringement claims. In May 2024, the PTAB agreed to review JUUL s challenge to both of the NJOY patents asserted against JUUL. The PTAB will conduct proceedings and issue its validity decisions by May 2025, after which appeals may be filed with the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. 
 We, JUUL and VMR have engaged with a mediator to attempt to negotiate a resolution of the proceedings pending before the ITC, United States District Courts and the PTAB. Based on the status of the negotiations and the proceedings before the ITC, United States District Courts and the PTAB, we have determined that a loss is not probable or reasonably estimable as of the date of this filing. 
 34 

T able of Contents 

 million in damages for past infringement, plus supplemental damages and interest. In January 2023, the court ordered R.J. Reynolds to pay ALCS a royalty on future sales of its infringing product resulting in positive net income through the expiration of the relevant patents in 2035. R.J. Reynolds has filed a notice of appeal of the judgment, and the appeal remains pending. In July 2024, R.J. Reynolds moved the district court to vacate the judgment, including the damages awards and ongoing royalties, on the grounds that R.J. Reynolds obtained a sub-license to the asserted patents from JUUL in December 2023. We have opposed the motion. As gains related to this lawsuit have not yet been determined to be realized or realizable in accordance with GAAP, they have not been recognized in our financial statements. 
 In November 2020, Healthier Choices Management Corp. filed an additional unrelated patent infringement case in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia against PM USA and Philip Morris Products S.A. seeking damages and equitable relief. In February 2021, defendants filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit, which the court granted in July 2021. In December 2021, the U.S. District Court denied plaintiff s motion to amend the complaint and plaintiff appealed this ruling to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, which reversed the district court s decision and remanded for further proceedings. On remand, the U.S. District Court stayed the case pending the outcome of plaintiff s appeal from a ruling by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, which issued a decision that the claims of the asserted patent are not valid. That appeal remains pending. 
 Antitrust Litigation 
 In March 2023, we entered into a stock transfer agreement with JUUL pursuant to which, among other things, we transferred to JUUL all of our beneficially owned JUUL equity securities. See Note 6. Investments in Equity Securities for a discussion of our disposition of our investment in JUUL. 
 As of October 28, 2024, putative class action lawsuits have been filed against Altria and JUUL in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. In November 2020, these lawsuits were consolidated into complaints (one on behalf of direct purchasers, one on behalf of indirect purchasers and one on behalf of indirect resellers). The consolidated lawsuits, as amended, allege that Altria and JUUL violated Sections 1, 2 and/or 3 of the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 and Section 7 of the Clayton Antitrust Act and various state antitrust, consumer protection and unjust enrichment laws by restraining trade and/or substantially lessening competition in the U.S. closed-system electronic cigarette market. Plaintiffs seek various remedies, including treble damages, attorneys fees, a declaration that the agreements between Altria and JUUL are invalid and rescission of the transaction. In February 2024, the court ordered that certain of the direct-purchaser plaintiffs claims against JUUL be sent to arbitration pursuant to an arbitration provision in JUUL s online purchase agreement and dismissed without prejudice the direct-purchaser plaintiffs claims for injunctive relief. The trial with respect to the consolidated lawsuits is set to commence in May 2026. 
 Federal and State Shareholder Derivative Lawsuits 
 In October 2022, we agreed to settle a series of federal and state derivative cases brought by Altria shareholders on behalf of themselves and Altria against Altria and certain of our current and former executives and directors and JUUL, its founders and certain of its current and former executives. The cases related to our former investment in JUUL and asserted claims of breach of fiduciary duty by the Altria defendants and aiding and abetting in that alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the remaining defendants. 
 Under the terms of the settlement, which became effective in May 2023, among other things, we agreed to provide million in funding over a period to underage tobacco prevention and cessation programs, which may include positive youth development programs, led by independent third-party organizations. We began providing funding in the third quarter of 2024. In 2022, we recorded pre-tax provisions totaling million for costs associated with the independent monitoring of our funding commitments and attorneys fees. In the first quarter of 2023, we recorded pre-tax provisions totaling approximately million related to the settlement, and in April 2023, paid million to plaintiffs escrow account for attorneys fees. 
 35 

T able of Contents 

 state courts in Lights cases have refused to certify class actions, dismissed class action allegations, reversed prior class certification decisions or have entered judgment in favor of PM USA. As of October 28, 2024, Lights/Ultra Lights class actions are pending in U.S. state courts. Neither case is active. 
 As of October 28, 2024, smoking and health case alleging personal injury or seeking court-supervised programs or an ongoing medical monitoring program on behalf of individuals exposed to ETS and purporting to be brought on behalf of a class of individual plaintiffs, is pending in a U.S. state court. The case is currently inactive. 
 UST Litigation : UST and/or its tobacco subsidiaries have been named in a number of individual tobacco and health lawsuits over time. Plaintiffs allegations of liability in these cases have been based on various theories of recovery, such as negligence, strict liability, fraud, misrepresentation, design defect, failure to warn, breach of implied warranty, addiction and breach of consumer protection statutes. Plaintiffs have typically sought various forms of relief, including compensatory and punitive damages, and certain equitable relief, including disgorgement. Defenses raised in these cases have included lack of causation, assumption of the risk, comparative fault and/or contributory negligence, and statutes of limitations. As of October 28, 2024, there is such case pending against UST and/or its tobacco subsidiaries. 
 Environmental Regulation 
 Altria and our former subsidiaries are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations concerning the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise related to environmental protection, including, in the United States: the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (commonly known as Superfund ), which can impose joint and several liability on each responsible party. Altria and our former subsidiaries are involved in several cost recovery/contribution cases subjecting them to potential costs of remediation and natural resource damages under Superfund or other laws and regulations. We expect to continue to make capital and other expenditures in connection with environmental laws and regulations. 
 Such accruals are adjusted as new information develops or circumstances change. Other than those amounts, it is not possible to reasonably estimate the cost of any environmental remediation and compliance efforts that we may undertake in the future. In the opinion of our management, however, compliance with environmental laws and regulations, including the payment of any remediation costs or damages and the making of related expenditures, has not had a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated results of operations, capital expenditures, financial position or cash flows. 
 Guarantees and Other Similar Matters 
 In the ordinary course of business, we have agreed to indemnify a limited number of third parties in the event of future litigation. At September 30, 2024, we (i) had million of unused letters of credit obtained in the ordinary course of business and (ii) were contingently liable for guarantees related to our own performance, including million for surety bonds recorded on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. In addition, from time to time, we issue lines of credit to affiliated entities. These items have not had, and are not expected to have, a significant impact on our liquidity. 
 Under the terms of a distribution agreement between Altria and PMI Distribution Agreement ), entered into as a result of our 2008 spin-off of our former subsidiary PMI, liabilities concerning tobacco products will be allocated based in substantial part on the manufacturer. PMI will indemnify Altria and PM USA for liabilities related to tobacco products manufactured by PMI or contract manufactured for PMI by PM USA, and PM USA will indemnify PMI for liabilities related to tobacco products manufactured by PM USA, excluding tobacco products contract manufactured for PMI. We do not have a related liability recorded on our condensed consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2024 as the fair value of this indemnification is insignificant. PMI has agreed not to seek indemnification with respect to the IQOS System patent litigation discussed above under IQOS Litigation, excluding the patent infringement case filed with the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. 
 As part of the supplier financing program, Altria guarantees the financial obligations of ALCS under the financing program agreement. For further discussion of the supplier financing program, see Note 4. Supplier Financing . 
 36 

T able of Contents 

 billion Credit Agreement and any amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program. 
 
 Note 15. 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Form 10-Q ), including our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in Item 1. Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q Item 1 ). When used in this Form 10-Q, the terms Altria, we, us and our refer to either (i) Altria Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries or (ii) Altria Group, Inc. only and not its consolidated subsidiaries, as appropriate in the context. 
 In this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A section, we refer to the following adjusted financial measures: adjusted operating companies income (loss) OCI adjusted OCI margins; adjusted net earnings; adjusted diluted earnings per share EPS and adjusted effective tax rates. We also refer to the ratio of debt-to-Consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, as defined in our credit agreement, which includes certain adjustments). These financial measures are not required by, or calculated in accordance with, United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and may not be calculated the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. These financial measures should thus be considered as supplemental in nature and not considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. For a further description of these non-GAAP financial measures, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 
 Our Business 
 We have a leading portfolio of tobacco products for U.S. tobacco consumers age 21+. Our Vision is to responsibly lead the transition of adult smokers to a smoke-free future Vision ). We are Moving Beyond Smoking , leading the way in moving adult smokers away from cigarettes by taking action to transition millions to potentially less harmful choices - believing it is a substantial opportunity for adult tobacco consumers, our businesses and society. 
 Our wholly owned subsidiaries include leading manufacturers of both combustible and smoke-free products. In combustibles, we own Philip Morris USA Inc. PM USA ), the most profitable U.S. cigarette manufacturer, and John Middleton Co. Middleton ), a leading U.S. cigar manufacturer. 
 In smoke-free products, we own U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company LLC USSTC ), the leading global moist smokeless tobacco MST manufacturer, Helix Innovations LLC Helix ), a leading manufacturer of oral nicotine pouches, and NJOY, LLC NJOY ), an e-vapor manufacturer with a commercialized product portfolio fully covered by marketing granted orders MGO from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). Additionally, we have a majority-owned joint venture, Horizon Innovations LLC, for the U.S. marketing and commercialization of heated tobacco stick products. As of this filing, there are no products in the U.S. marketplace from the joint venture. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The brand portfolios of our operating companies include Marlboro , Black Mild , Copenhagen , Skoal , on! and NJOY . Trademarks related to Altria referenced in this Form 10-Q are the property of Altria or our subsidiaries or are used with permission. 
 Our investments in equity securities include Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV ABI ), the world s largest brewer, and Cronos Group Inc. Cronos ), a leading Canadian cannabinoid company. In March 2024, we sold a portion of our investment in ABI ABI Transaction ). We used the proceeds from the sale to fund accelerated share repurchase ASR transactions for our common stock. For further information on the ABI Transaction and the ASR transactions, see Note 6. Investments in Equity Securities to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 Note 6 and Note 1. Background and Basis of Presentation to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 Note 1 ), respectively. 
 Vision and 2028 Goals 
 As we execute on our Vision, we established our 2028 Enterprise Goals 2028 Goals to provide our investors with specific metrics to measure our progress. Our 2028 Goals are: 
 Corporate 
 Deliver a mid-single digits adjusted diluted EPS compounded annual growth rate in 2028 from our base in 2022; 
 A progressive dividend goal targeting mid-single digits dividend per share growth annually through 2028; 
 Target a debt-to-Consolidated EBITDA ratio of approximately 2.0x; 
 Maintain our leadership position in the U.S. tobacco space; and 
 Maintain a total adjusted OCI margin of at least 60 in each year through 2028 while investing behind innovative smoke-free products. 
 U.S. Smoke-Free Portfolio 
 Grow U.S. smoke-free volumes by at least 35 from our 2022 base of 800 million units by 2028; and 
 Approximately double our U.S. smoke-free net revenues to 5 billion by 2028 from our 2022 base, with 2 billion sourced from innovative smoke-free products. 
 Long-Term Growth 
 Compete internationally in the top innovative oral tobacco markets and develop a pathway to participate in heated tobacco and e-vapor markets; and 
 Enter non-nicotine categories with broad commercial distribution of at least five products by 2028. 
 See Operating Results by Business Segment and Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional information on total adjusted OCI margin and debt-to-Consolidated EBITDA, respectively. 
 Optimize Accelerate Initiative 
 On October 30, 2024, our Board of Directors Board of Directors or Board approved a multi-phase Optimize Accelerate initiative Initiative designed to modernize our ways of working as we accelerate our progress toward our Vision and 2028 Goals. Through the Initiative, we plan to increase our organization s speed, efficiency and effectiveness by centralizing work, streamlining and standardizing processes, further using generative artificial intelligence and automation, and outsourcing certain transactional tasks. We expect the design and detailed plans for all phases of the Initiative to be substantially complete in 12 to 18 months. 
 As part of the Initiative, we intend to establish an Accelerated Business Solutions organization within Altria Client Services LLC. This organization will be responsible for driving efficiency and process improvement across our companies in partnership with external service providers. 
 We expect the initial phases of the Initiative will deliver at least 600 million in cumulative cost savings over the next five years, which we plan to reinvest in our businesses in support of our Vision and 2028 Goals. The cumulative cost savings exclude our estimated total pre-tax charges for these initial phases of approximately 100 million to 125 million (excluding any non-cash impact that may result from pension settlement and curtailment accounting), which we intend to treat as special items and exclude from our adjusted diluted EPS. Substantially all of these charges will result in cash expenditures and will consist of employee separations, new technology, business advisory services and other costs. Although we are still evaluating certain aspects of the initial phases of the Initiative, for which the associated costs are not yet deemed probable and reasonably estimable, we expect to record the majority of the charges related to the initial phases of the Initiative by the end of the first half of 2025, with the initial charges being recorded beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024. As we further develop and finalize detailed plans for the additional phases of the Initiative, we plan to update estimated related costs and cumulative cost savings as such amounts become probable and reasonably estimable. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Trends and Developments 
 In this MD A section, we discuss factors that have impacted our business as of the date of this Form 10-Q. In addition, we are aware of and address certain trends and developments that could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material impact on our business, including the value of our investments in equity securities, in the future. We focus in this Trends and Developments section on the discretionary income pressures on adult tobacco consumers, illicit disposable e-vapor products and recent regulatory actions and their effects or potential effects on our business. 
 We continue to monitor the discretionary income pressure adult tobacco consumers have experienced during the first three quarters of 2024 as a result of the cumulative impact of inflation. Wage increases have failed to keep up with rising prices, and we have observed increases in debt delinquencies. In September 2024, the annual rate of inflation softened to 2.4 . Although inflation rates remained lower in 2024 than prior years, increased prices continued to pressure adult tobacco consumer discretionary income. These pressures influenced the discount segment retail share growth within the cigarette industry year-over-year. We will continue to monitor conditions that impact adult tobacco consumer discretionary income and overall purchasing behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures, mix between premium and discount brand purchases and adoption of smoke-free products. We expect discretionary income pressures will continue to influence adult tobacco consumers purchase behaviors in the remainder of 2024. Inflation also has a direct and adverse impact on our direct and indirect costs. 
 Product assortment, regulation and enforcement continue to evolve in the e-vapor category. In June 2024, the FDA issued MGOs to NJOY for four of its menthol e-vapor products. For the 12 months ended September 30, 2024, we estimate the e-vapor category grew by approximately 30 versus the prior 12-month period, driven by the growth of illicit flavored disposable products. We estimate the disposable segment now represents 65 of the e-vapor category. The primary impacts of this trend have been an increase in the rate of cross-category movement among adult cigarette smokers, contributing to higher than expected domestic cigarette industry volume declines as well as declines in pod-based product volume within the e-vapor category. In response to the proliferation of illicit disposable e-vapor products, states and the federal government took various regulatory and enforcement actions in the first three quarters of 2024. Select states have established e-vapor product registries based on pre-market tobacco product application PMTA submissions or MGOs. In June 2024, the federal government created a multi-agency task force in an effort to combat the illegal marketing and sale of e-vapor products in the United States. We have also noted the emergence of products using nicotine analogues designed to imitate the effects of nicotine and evade the FDA regulatory framework for tobacco products. Additionally, we continue to see increased illicit activity across multiple tobacco categories, including nicotine pouch products and cigarettes that are available to U.S. consumers. 
 Tobacco companies are subject to broad and evolving regulatory and legislative frameworks that could have a material impact on our business. For example, the FDA has submitted for final review proposed product standards regarding menthol in cigarettes and characterizing flavors in cigars. The FDA has announced that it would delay a decision on the menthol ban indefinitely, and the date for any final action on either proposal is to be determined. In addition, the Biden Administration published plans for future potential regulatory actions that include the FDA s plans to develop a proposed product standard that would establish a maximum nicotine level for cigarettes and certain other combustible tobacco products. In California, where a ban on flavored nicotine products went into effect in late 2022, we continue to observe indications of unintended negative consequences of the ban, such as adult tobacco consumer adoption of counterfeit and unregulated products. 
 See Operating Results by Business Segment - Business Environment for additional information on the trends and developments discussed above. 
 ABI s business is exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, inflation and commodity price movements which may impact financial performance from time to time. We will continue to monitor these conditions and other factors as they could affect our equity earnings, our other comprehensive earnings/losses and the dividends that we receive from ABI, and the fair value of our investment in ABI. See Note 6 for additional information on our investment in ABI. 
 The trends and developments discussed above have not had a material adverse impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements, but we continue to monitor these trends and developments and potential financial impacts. Additionally, we do not believe that these trends and developments have materially impacted our ability to achieve our Vision. As the trends and developments discussed above evolve and new ones emerge, we will continue to evaluate the potential impacts on our businesses, investments and Vision. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 The changes in net earnings and diluted EPS for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from the nine months ended September 30, 2023, were due primarily to the following: 
 (in millions, except per share data) Net Earnings Diluted EPS For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 6,070 3.40 2023 NPM Adjustment Items 
 (11) 2023 Acquisition, disposition and integration-related items 
 10 2023 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 
 318 0.18 2023 Loss on disposition of JUUL equity securities 
 250 0.14 2023 ABI-related special items 
 43 0.02 2023 Cronos-related special items 
 30 0.02 2023 Income tax items 
 29 0.02 Subtotal 2023 special items 
 669 0.38 2024 NPM Adjustment Items 
 20 0.01 2024 Acquisition, disposition and integration-related items 
 1,849 1.07 2024 Asset impairment 
 (264) (0.15) 2024 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 
 (68) (0.04) 2024 ABI-related special items 
 30 0.01 2024 Cronos-related special items 
 (20) (0.01) 2024 Income tax items 
 41 0.02 Subtotal 2024 special items 
 1,588 0.91 Fewer shares outstanding 0.12 Change in tax rate 35 0.02 Operations (137) (0.08) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 8,225 4.75 2024 Reported Net Earnings 
 8,225 4.75 2023 Reported Net Earnings 
 6,070 3.40 Change 35.5 39.7 2024 Adjusted Net Earnings and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 6,637 3.84 2023 Adjusted Net Earnings and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 6,739 3.78 Change (1.5) 1.6 
 For a discussion of special items and other business drivers affecting the comparability of statements of earnings amounts and reconciliations of adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted EPS, see the Consolidated Operating Results section below. 
 Fewer Shares Outstanding: Fewer shares outstanding were due to shares we repurchased under our share repurchase programs. 
 Operations: The decrease of 137 million in operations (which excludes the impact of special items shown in the table above) was due primarily to lower OCI. 
 For further details, see the Consolidated Operating Results and Operating Results by Business Segment sections below. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Results of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 The changes in net earnings and diluted EPS for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from the three months ended September 30, 2023, were due primarily to the following: 
 (in millions, except per share data) Net Earnings Diluted EPS For the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 2,166 1.22 2023 NPM Adjustment Items 
 (11) 2023 Acquisition, disposition and integration-related items 
 9 2023 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 
 17 0.01 2023 ABI-related special items 
 65 0.03 2023 Income tax items 
 29 0.02 Subtotal 2023 special items 
 109 0.06 2024 NPM Adjustment Items 
 15 0.01 2024 Acquisition, disposition and integration-related items 
 (33) (0.02) 2024 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 
 (16) (0.01) 2024 ABI-related special items 
 (18) (0.01) 2024 Cronos-related special items 
 (1) 2024 Income tax items 
 (11) (0.01) Subtotal 2024 special items 
 (64) (0.04) Fewer shares outstanding 0.05 Change in tax rate 17 0.01 Operations 65 0.04 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 2,293 1.34 2024 Reported Net Earnings 
 2,293 1.34 2023 Reported Net Earnings 
 2,166 1.22 Change 5.9 9.8 2024 Adjusted Net Earnings and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 2,357 1.38 2023 Adjusted Net Earnings and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 2,275 1.28 Change 3.6 7.8 
 For a discussion of special items and other business drivers affecting the comparability of statements of earnings amounts and reconciliations of adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted EPS, see the Consolidated Operating Results section below. 
 Fewer Shares Outstanding: Fewer shares outstanding were due to shares we repurchased under our share repurchase programs. 
 Operations: The increase of 65 million in operations (which excludes the impact of special items shown in the table above) was due primarily to higher OCI. 
 For further details, see the Consolidated Operating Results and Operating Results by Business Segment sections below. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We report our financial results in accordance with GAAP. However, our management also reviews certain financial results, including OCI, OCI margins, net earnings and diluted EPS, on an adjusted basis, which excludes certain income and expense items that our management believes are not part of underlying operations. These items may include, for example, loss on early extinguishment of debt, restructuring charges, asset impairment charges, acquisition, disposition and integration-related items, equity investment-related special items, certain income tax items, charges associated with tobacco and health and certain other litigation items, and resolutions of certain non-participating manufacturer NPM adjustment disputes under the Master Settlement Agreement NPM Adjustment Items ). In addition, our management reviews the ratio of debt-to-Consolidated EBITDA, which we use as a factor to determine our ability to access the capital markets and make investments in pursuit of our Vision. Consolidated EBITDA is calculated in accordance with our Credit Agreement (defined below in Liquidity and Capital Resources and includes certain adjustments. Our management does not view any of these special items to be part of our underlying results as they may be highly variable, may be unusual or infrequent, are difficult to predict and can distort 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 underlying business trends and results. Our management also reviews income tax rates on an adjusted basis, which may exclude certain income tax items from our reported effective tax rate. 
 Our management believes that the foregoing financial measures provide useful additional insight into underlying business trends and results, and provide a more meaningful comparison of year-over-year results. Our management uses these financial measures and regularly provides these to our chief operating decision maker CODM for planning, forecasting and evaluating business and financial performance, including allocating capital and other resources and evaluating results relative to employee compensation targets. The foregoing financial measures are not required by, or calculated in accordance with GAAP and may not be calculated the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. The foregoing financial measures should thus be considered as supplemental in nature and not considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. When we provide a non-GAAP measure in this Form 10-Q, we also provide a reconciliation of that non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 Discussion and Analysis 
 
 Our critical accounting policies and estimates are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 2023 Form 10-K there have been no updates to these critical accounting estimates, except as noted below. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Depreciation, Amortization, Impairment Testing and Asset Valuation 
 We conduct a required annual review of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for potential impairment, and more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would require an interim quantitative impairment assessment. There have been no events or changes in circumstances that indicate an interim quantitative impairment assessment was required as of September 30, 2024. We will perform our annual impairment testing during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Skoal Impairment: At December 31, 2023, the estimated fair value of the Skoal trademark exceeded its carrying value of 3.9 billion by approximately 6 0.2 billion). Sales volumes of MST products, including Skoal , have been negatively impacted due in part to evolving adult tobacco consumer preferences, which has resulted in consumers increasingly moving across tobacco categories. In connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the period ended June 30, 2024, we evaluated the accelerated growth of innovative tobacco products, including oral nicotine pouches, and the related increase in competitive activity among tobacco categories, which have contributed to reductions in sales volumes for MST products, including Skoal . We concluded that the expected impact from the sales volume declines on the Skoal trademark represented a triggering event, and as a result of this conclusion, we performed an interim impairment assessment as of June 30, 2024. As a result of (i) lower projected revenue and income due to lower volume assumptions, (ii) a decrease in the perpetual growth rate to 0 (1 at October 1, 2023 valuation) and (iii) an increase in the discount rate to 11.5 (11.0 at October 1, 2023 valuation), we determined the estimated fair value of the Skoal trademark was below its carrying value and recorded a non-cash, pre-tax impairment of 354 million during the second quarter of 2024 in our condensed consolidated statements of earnings. Our estimate of the fair value and carrying value of the Skoal trademark at June 30, 2024 was 3.6 billion, after recording the impairment. 
 At June 30, 2024, we used an income approach to estimate the fair value of the Skoal trademark. In performing the discounted cash flow analysis, we made various judgments, estimates and assumptions, the most significant of which were volume, revenue, income, operating margins, perpetual growth rate and discount rate. 
 We believe if there is further acceleration in the decline in sales volume for Skoal that results in material revenue declines, there may be a material adverse effect on the significant assumptions used in performing our valuation. For example, a hypothetical 1 increase to the discount rate or a 1 decrease in the perpetual growth rate used in our quantitative assessment as of June 30, 2024, would have resulted in an additional pre-tax impairment to the Skoal trademark of approximately 300 million and 120 million, respectively, in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Our management believes that the estimated fair value of the Skoal trademark at June 30, 2024 was reasonable and no events or circumstances exist indicating an impairment at September 30, 2024. If Skoal s actual revenue and income or long-term outlook are significantly different from forecasted performance used to estimate the fair value or if the discount rate used to estimate the fair value increases, we could have an additional non-cash impairment, which could be material, to the Skoal trademark in future periods. 
 E-vapor Reporting Unit: On June 1, 2024, we finalized our purchase price allocation for the acquisition of NJOY Holdings NJOY Transaction ), resulting in a carrying value of 1.8 billion for our e-vapor reporting unit s goodwill. We continue to monitor several factors that could impact the carrying value of our e-vapor reporting unit s goodwill, including the following: 
 Altria and certain of our affiliates, including NJOY, are defendants in lawsuits alleging patent infringement based on the sale of NJOY ACE . Remedies being sought by the plaintiffs vary and include an exclusion order that would prohibit the importation of NJOY ACE into the United States, an injunction on sales of NJOY ACE, and damages. We 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 are vigorously defending this litigation and have developed other strategies we believe would allow NJOY ACE to remain on the market or limit sales disruption of NJOY ACE in the event of certain adverse litigation outcomes. 
 Additionally, sales of illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products continue to increase with limited effective enforcement against these products, contributing to declines in pod-based e-vapor product volume, which has negatively impacted NJOY s volume growth in 2024. 
 If we experience unfavorable outcomes with respect to the patent infringement lawsuits and our related strategies, or if continued illicit e-vapor product sales or other factors result in a significantly different long-term outlook for NJOY s volume growth rates versus projections used to estimate the fair value at the time we finalized our purchase price allocation for the NJOY acquisition, it could result in a material non-cash impairment of our e-vapor reporting unit s goodwill in future periods. 
 For further discussion of these factors, see Note 14. Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 Note 14 and Operating Results by Business Segment - Business Environment below. For information on the NJOY Transaction, see Note 2. Acquisition of NJOY to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 Note 2 ). 
 For further discussion of goodwill and other intangible assets, see Note 5. G oodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 Note 5 ). 
 
 Consolidated Operating Results 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, For the Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Revenues: Smokeable products 15,941 16,482 5,540 5,572 Oral tobacco products 2,084 1,993 722 685 All other 19 33 (3) 24 Net revenues 18,044 18,508 6,259 6,281 Excise Taxes on Products: Smokeable products 2,630 2,945 888 976 Oral tobacco products 76 85 27 28 Excise taxes on products 2,706 3,030 915 1,004 Operating Income: OCI: Smokeable products 8,183 8,092 2,937 2,743 Oral tobacco products 996 1,314 464 455 All other (291) (17) (119) (4) Amortization of intangibles (102) (87) (38) (42) General corporate expenses (427) (551) (92) (63) Operating income 8,359 8,751 3,152 3,089 
 As discussed further in Note 11. Segment Reporting to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 Note 11 ), our CODM reviews OCI, which is defined as operating income before general corporate expenses and amortization of intangibles, to evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources to, our segments. Our management believes it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze our business performance and trends. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted EPS for the nine months ended September 30: 
 (in millions of dollars, except per share data) Earnings before Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes Net Earnings Diluted EPS 2024 Reported 
 10,881 2,656 8,225 4.75 NPM Adjustment Items (27) (7) (20) (0.01) Acquisition, disposition and integration-related items (2,513) (664) (1,849) (1.07) Asset impairment 354 90 264 0.15 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 
 90 22 68 0.04 ABI-related special items (39) (9) (30) (0.01) Cronos-related special items 22 2 20 0.01 Income tax items 41 (41) (0.02) 2024 Adjusted for Special Items 
 8,768 2,131 6,637 3.84 2023 Reported 
 8,193 2,123 6,070 3.40 NPM Adjustment Items (15) (4) (11) Acquisition, disposition and integration-related items 14 4 10 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 424 106 318 0.18 Loss on disposition of JUUL equity securities 250 250 0.14 ABI-related special items 54 11 43 0.02 Cronos-related special items 30 30 0.02 Income tax items (29) 29 0.02 2023 Adjusted for Special Items 
 8,950 2,211 6,739 3.78 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted EPS for the three months ended September 30: (in millions of dollars, except per share data) Earnings before Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes Net Earnings Diluted EPS 2024 Reported 
 3,026 733 2,293 1.34 NPM Adjustment Items (21) (6) (15) (0.01) Acquisition, disposition and integration-related items 44 11 33 0.02 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 
 22 6 16 0.01 ABI-related special items 23 5 18 0.01 Cronos-related special items 2 1 1 Income tax items (11) 11 0.01 2024 Adjusted for Special Items 
 3,096 739 2,357 1.38 2023 Reported 
 2,908 742 2,166 1.22 NPM Adjustment Items (15) (4) (11) Acquisition, disposition and integration-related items 13 4 9 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 23 6 17 0.01 ABI-related special items 82 17 65 0.03 Income tax items (29) 29 0.02 2023 Adjusted for Special Items 
 3,011 736 2,275 1.28 
 The following special items affected the comparability of statements of earnings amounts for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 NPM Adjustment Items: For a discussion of NPM Adjustment Items and a breakdown of these items by segment, see Health Care Cost Recovery Litigation in Note 14 and NPM Adjustment Items in Note 11, respectively. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisition, disposition and integration-related items: We recorded a pre-tax gain of 2.7 billion upon the assignment of the IQOS Tobacco Heating System IQOS System commercialization rights to Philip Morris International Inc. PMI in April 2024, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For a discussion of the sale of the IQOS System commercialization rights, see Note 5. 
 We recorded pre-tax expenses of 187 million and 44 million for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, related to the NJOY Transaction. For further information on the costs incurred for the NJOY Transaction, see Note 2. 
 Asset Impairment: We recorded a non-cash, pre-tax impairment of the Skoal trademark of 354 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in our oral tobacco products segment. For further discussion, see Note 5. 
 Tobacco and Health and Certain Other Litigation Items: For a discussion of tobacco and health and certain other litigation items and a breakdown of these costs by segment, see Note 14, and Tobacco and Health and Certain Other Litigation Items in Note 11, respectively. 
 Loss on Disposition of JUUL Equity Securities: We recorded a non-cash, pre-tax loss of 250 million related to the disposition of our JUUL equity securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as (income) losses from investments in equity securities in our condensed consolidated statement of earnings. We recorded a corresponding adjustment to the JUUL tax valuation allowance in 2023. 
 ABI-Related Special Items: We recorded net pre-tax income of 39 million from our investment in ABI for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which consists primarily of a gain related to the ABI Transaction, partially offset by mark-to-market losses on certain ABI financial instruments associated with its share commitments. For further information on the gain related to the ABI Transaction, see Note 6. 
 We recorded net pre-tax losses of 54 million and 82 million from our investment in ABI for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, consisting primarily of mark-to-market losses on certain ABI financial instruments associated with its share commitments. 
 The ABI-related special items include our respective share of the amounts recorded by ABI and additional adjustments related to (i) the conversion of ABI-related special items from international financial reporting standards to GAAP and (ii) adjustments to our investment required under the equity method of accounting. 
 Cronos-Related Special Items: We recorded pre-tax losses of 30 million, substantially all of which related to our share of special items recorded by Cronos for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. We recorded a corresponding adjustment to the Cronos tax valuation allowance. 
 Income Tax Items: We recorded income tax items of 41 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, due primarily to an income tax benefit from the partial release of a valuation allowance on JUUL-related losses, partially offset by interest expense on tax reserves recorded in prior years. The valuation allowance release was due to our capital gain on the ABI Transaction. For further discussion, see Note 13. Income Taxes to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1. 
 We recorded income tax items of 29 million, for the nine and three months ended September 30, 2023, due primarily to tax expense associated with a tax basis adjustment related to our investment in ABI. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net revenues, which include excise taxes billed to customers, decreased 464 million (2.5 ), due primarily to lower net revenues in our smokeable products segment, partially offset by higher net revenues in our oral tobacco products segment. 
 Cost of sales decreased 118 million (2.5 ), due primarily to lower shipment volume in our smokeable products segment, partially offset by higher per unit settlement charges and higher manufacturing costs in our smokeable products segment and higher NJOY shipment volume. 
 Excise taxes on products decreased 324 million (10.7 ), due to lower shipment volume in our smokeable products segment. 
 Marketing, administration and research costs increased 16 million (0.8 ), due primarily to higher investment spending in support of our Vision (including 2024 NJOY costs), partially offset by lower general corporate expenses. The lower general corporate expenses were due primarily to lower charges to resolve certain JUUL-related litigation and the 2023 settlement of the shareholder derivative lawsuits, partially offset by higher acquisition-related costs primarily associated with the NJOY Transaction and transaction costs from the ABI Transaction. See Note 14 for a discussion of litigation items. 
 Operating income decreased 392 million (4.5 ), due primarily to lower OCI (which includes a non-cash impairment of the Skoal trademark in our oral tobacco product segment), partially offset by lower general corporate expenses. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Interest and other debt expense, net increased 24 million (3.2 ), due primarily to 2023 interest income associated with the sale of the IQOS System commercialization rights, partially offset by 2023 interest expense and fees for the term loan facility associated with the NJOY Transaction. For further discussion regarding the sale of the IQOS System commercialization rights, see Note 5. 
 (Income) losses from investments in equity securities, which were favorable 425 million (100+ ), were positively impacted by the 2023 loss on the disposition of our JUUL equity securities and favorable results from our investment in ABI (due primarily to our gain on the ABI Transaction.) 
 Provision for income taxes increased 533 million (25.1 ), due primarily to higher earnings before income taxes, partially offset by favorable tax items as discussed above. 
 Reported net earnings of 8,225 million increased 2,155 million (35.5 ), due primarily to the gain on the sale of the IQOS System commercialization rights, favorable results from our investments in equity securities and favorable income tax items, partially offset by lower operating income. Reported basic and diluted EPS of 4.75, each increased by 39.7 due to higher reported net earnings and fewer shares outstanding. 
 Adjusted net earnings of 6,637 million decreased 102 million (1.5 ), due primarily to lower adjusted OCI. Adjusted diluted EPS of 3.84 increased by 1.6 , due to fewer shares outstanding, partially offset by lower adjusted net earnings. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net revenues, which include excise taxes billed to customers, decreased 22 million (0.4 ), due to lower net revenues in our smokeable products segment and in our all other category, partially offset by higher net revenues in our oral tobacco products segment. 
 Cost of sales decreased 42 million (2.7 ), due primarily to lower shipment volume in our smokeable products segment, partially offset by higher per unit settlement charges in our smokeable products segment and higher NJOY shipment volume. 
 Excise taxes on products decreased 89 million (8.9 ), due to lower shipment volume in our smokeable products segment. 
 Marketing, administration and research costs increased 46 million (7.5 ), due primarily to higher general corporate expenses and higher investment spending in support of our Vision. The higher general corporate expenses were due primarily to higher acquisition-related costs associated with the NJOY Transaction. 
 Operating income increased 63 million (2.0 ), due primarily to higher OCI, partially offset by higher general corporate expenses. 
 (Income) losses from investments in equity securities, which were favorable 58 million (100 ), were positively impacted by lower special items from our investment in ABI. 
 Reported net earnings of 2,293 million increased 127 million (5.9 ), due primarily to higher operating income and favorable results from our investments in equity securities. Reported basic and diluted EPS of 1.34, each increased by 9.8 due to higher reported net earnings and fewer shares outstanding. 
 Adjusted net earnings of 2,357 million increased 82 million (3.6 ), due primarily to higher adjusted OCI. Adjusted diluted EPS of 1.38 increased by 7.8 , due to fewer shares outstanding and higher adjusted net earnings. 
 
 Operating Results by Business Segment 
 Business Environment 
 Summary 
 The U.S. tobacco industry faces a number of business and legal challenges that have materially adversely affected and may continue to materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position or our ability to achieve our Vision. These challenges, some of which are discussed in more detail in Note 14, and in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2023 Form 10-K, include: 
 pending and threatened litigation and bonding requirements; 
 restrictions and requirements imposed by the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act FSPTCA and restrictions and requirements (and related enforcement actions) that have been, and in the future will be, imposed by the FDA; 
 the FDA s failure to effectively address illicit tobacco products on the market, including illicit e-vapor and oral nicotine pouch products; 
 illicit trade in tobacco products, including cigarettes, e-vapor products and oral nicotine pouch products; 
 actual and proposed excise tax increases, as well as changes in tax structures and tax stamping requirements; 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 bans and restrictions on tobacco use imposed by governmental entities and private establishments and employers; 
 other federal, state and local government actions, including: 
 restrictions on the sale of certain tobacco products, the sale of tobacco products by certain retail establishments, the sale of tobacco products with characterizing flavors and the sale of tobacco products in certain package sizes; 
 additional restrictions on the advertising and promotion of tobacco products; 
 other actual and proposed tobacco-related legislation and regulation; and 
 governmental investigations; 
 reductions in consumption levels of cigarettes and MST products resulting in lower shipment volumes; 
 increased efforts by tobacco control advocates and other private sector entities (including retail establishments) to further restrict the availability and use of tobacco products or the ability to communicate with consumers through third-party digital platforms; 
 changes in adult tobacco consumer purchase behavior, which is influenced by various factors such as macroeconomic conditions (including inflation), excise taxes and price gap relationships, each of which may result in adult tobacco consumers switching to lower-priced tobacco products and lower shipment volumes; 
 the highly competitive nature of all tobacco categories, including competitive disadvantages related to the impact on cigarette prices due to the settlement of certain healthcare cost recovery litigation and the proliferation of innovative tobacco products, such as e-vapor and oral nicotine pouch products; 
 the proliferation of products using nicotine analogues that are designed to imitate the effects of nicotine but are not subject to the FDA regulatory framework for tobacco products; and 
 potential adverse changes in prices, availability and quality of tobacco, other raw materials and component parts, including as a result of changes in macroeconomic, geopolitical and climate and environmental conditions. 
 In addition to and in connection with the foregoing, evolving adult tobacco consumer preferences continue to impact the tobacco industry, including negatively impacting cigarette and MST shipment volumes. We believe that a significant number of adult tobacco consumers switch among tobacco categories, use multiple forms of tobacco products and try innovative tobacco products, such as e-vapor products and oral nicotine pouches. Adult tobacco consumers continue to transition from cigarettes and MST to exclusive use of innovative smoke-free tobacco product alternatives, which aligns with our Vision. 
 We work to meet these evolving adult tobacco consumer preferences over time by developing, manufacturing, marketing and distributing products both within and outside the United States through innovation and other growth strategies (including, where appropriate, arrangements with, or investments in, third parties and acquisitions). 
 For the third quarter of 2024, we estimate that, when adjusted for trade inventory movements and calendar differences, total estimated domestic cigarette industry volume declined by 9 versus the third quarter of 2023. The cigarette industry volume decline for the third quarter of 2024 was primarily driven by the growth of illicit e-vapor products and continued discretionary income pressures on adult tobacco consumers. 
 For the 12 months ended September 30, 2024, we estimate the e-vapor category grew approximately 30 versus the prior 12-month period, driven by the growth of illicit flavored disposable products. We estimate the disposable segment now represents 65 of the e-vapor category. We estimate that cross-category movement to illicit disposable e-vapor products, which we discuss in more detail below, contributed to cigarette industry volume declines in a range of 2 to 3 over the last 12 months. These illicit disposable e-vapor products are largely distributed through non-traditional retail channels (including e-commerce and vape retail channels), making them more difficult to track. In addition, we believe illicit cigarettes are becoming more prevalent in the United States, based on the results of discarded pack studies we have conducted in select geographies. We believe the FDA s inaction, lack of enforcement and slow pace of smoke-free product authorizations enables bad actors to disregard regulation. 
 For example, we have observed that the lack of effective enforcement against illicit disposable e-vapor products has allowed for the introduction of illicit products in other categories, such as oral nicotine, where we have seen a rise in illicit nicotine pouch products. These products are distributed primarily through e-commerce channels and vape stores that are more difficult to track than traditional retail. We have also noted the emergence of products using nicotine analogues, which are designed to imitate the effects of nicotine and are not subject to the regulatory framework for tobacco products. While illicit oral nicotine products and nicotine analogues have not had a material impact on our business to date, a lack of a regulatory framework and effective enforcement could lead to an increase in the introduction and volume activity of these products, which could have a material impact on our innovative tobacco products businesses. Through our competitive intelligence tracking, we continue to monitor these growing trends and evaluate the impacts on the overall nicotine and tobacco categories. 
 Through the third quarter of 2024, U.S. adult tobacco consumers have remained under pressure as a result of the cumulative impact of inflation. Wage increases have failed to keep up with the rising prices of everyday expenses in recent years, and we 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 have observed increases in consumer debt and credit card delinquencies. We also have observed softening in the Consumer Price Index, which was 2.4 for the month of September 2024. Although inflation rates remained lower than prior years, increased prices on certain expenditures, such as groceries and gas, continued to pressure adult tobacco consumer discretionary income. Gas prices throughout the third quarter of 2024 experienced seasonal increases, reaching an average price of 3.21 per gallon for the month of September 2024. While gas prices were lower than in the third quarter of 2023, they remained consistently above 3.00 per gallon in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Discretionary income pressures on adult tobacco consumers have influenced discount brand share performance. For the third quarter of 2024, the discount share of the cigarette category reached 29.8 , an increase of 0.5 share points sequentially and an increase of 1.5 share points versus the third quarter of 2023. Marlboro share performance is discussed below in Operating Results - Smokeable Products Segment . 
 For the third quarter of 2024, reported shipment volume of NJOY consumables (including NJOY ACE and NJOY DAILY was approximately 10.4 million units, and NJOY device shipment volume was approximately 1.1 million units. The NJOY share of the e-vapor category reached 6.2 in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 0.8 share points sequentially. 
 The U.S. nicotine pouch category continued to grow significantly throughout the third quarter of 2024 to 43.9 of the U.S. oral tobacco category, an increase of 11.4 share points versus the third quarter of 2023. on! maintained year-over-year share momentum through the third quarter of 2024 to achieve 8.9 of the total oral tobacco category, an increase of 2.0 share points versus the third quarter of 2023 and an increase of 0.8 share points sequentially. 
 For the third quarter 2024, the traditional smokeless category (including MST and Snus) share of the total oral tobacco category declined to 56.1 , down 11.4 share points versus the third quarter of 2023. Copenhagen had an oral tobacco category share of 18.7 for the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 4.3 share points when compared to the third quarter of 2023. We continue to track the growth of nicotine pouch volumes and the related impact on the size of the MST category. Decreases in the size of the MST category could impact the carrying value of our assets, such as our smokeless tobacco product trademarks. For example, in the second quarter of 2024, we recorded a non-cash, pre-tax impairment on the value of the Skoal trademark. 
 We continue to monitor changing conditions within our business environment and impacts on our businesses. Changes in these and other conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 FSPTCA and FDA Regulation 
 The Regulatory Framework: The FSPTCA and its related regulations establish broad FDA regulatory authority over all tobacco products and, among other provisions: 
 impose restrictions on the advertising, promotion, sale and distribution of tobacco products (see Final Tobacco Marketing Rule below); 
 establish pre-market review pathways for new and modified tobacco products (see Pre-Market Review Pathways for Tobacco Products and Market Authorization Enforcement below); 
 prohibit any express or implied claims that a tobacco product is or may be less harmful than other tobacco products without FDA authorization; 
 authorize the FDA to impose tobacco product standards that are appropriate for the protection of the public health (see Potential Product Standards below); and 
 equip the FDA with a variety of investigatory and enforcement tools, including the authority to inspect product manufacturing and other facilities (see Investigation and Enforcement below). 
 The FSPTCA also bans descriptors such as light, low or mild when used as descriptors of modified risk, unless expressly authorized by the FDA. 
 Effective April 2022, the U.S. Congress expanded the statutory definition of tobacco products to include products containing nicotine derived from any source, including synthetic nicotine. See Pre-Market Review Pathways for Tobacco Products and Market Authorization Enforcement below for additional information on the effects of the statutory change. Currently, however, the statutory definition of tobacco products does not cover products containing nicotine analogues, which are designed to imitate the effects of nicotine. As a result, products containing nicotine analogues are not subject to the FDA regulatory framework for tobacco products, including the requirements that manufacturers submit a PMTA to, and receive an MGO from, the FDA before marketing such products in the United States. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Final Tobacco Marketing Rule: As required by the FSPTCA, in March 2010, the FDA promulgated a wide range of advertising and promotion restrictions for cigarettes and smokeless tobacco (1) products (the Final Tobacco Marketing Rule ). The May 2016 deeming regulations amended the Final Tobacco Marketing Rule to expand specific provisions to all tobacco products, including cigars, pipe tobacco and e-vapor and oral nicotine products containing tobacco-derived nicotine or other tobacco derivatives. 
 The Final Tobacco Marketing Rule, as amended, among other things: 
 restricts the use of non-tobacco trade and brand names on cigarettes and smokeless tobacco products; 
 prohibits sampling of all tobacco products except that sampling of smokeless tobacco products is permitted in qualified adult-only facilities; 
 prohibits the sale or distribution of items such as hats and tee shirts with cigarette or smokeless tobacco brands or logos; 
 prohibits cigarettes and smokeless tobacco brand name sponsorship of any athletic, musical, artistic or other social or cultural event, or any entry or team in any event; and 
 requires the development by the FDA of graphic warnings for cigarettes, establishes warning requirements for other tobacco products and gives the FDA the authority to require new warnings for any type of tobacco product (see FDA Regulatory Actions - Graphic Warnings below). 
 Subject to certain limitations arising from legal challenges, the Final Tobacco Marketing Rule took effect in June 2010 for cigarettes and smokeless tobacco products, in August 2016 for all other tobacco products, including e-vapor and oral nicotine pouch products containing tobacco-derived nicotine, and in April 2022 for tobacco products, including e-vapor and oral nicotine pouch products, that contain nicotine from any source other than tobacco, such as synthetic nicotine. The Final Tobacco Marketing Rule currently does not apply to products containing nicotine analogues. 
 Rulemaking and Guidance: From time to time, the FDA issues proposed regulations and guidance, which may be issued in draft or final form, that generally involve public comment and may include scientific review. The FDA also may request comments on broad topics through an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ANPRM ). We actively engage with the FDA to develop and implement the FSPTCA s regulatory framework, including submission of comments to various FDA policies and proposals and participation in public hearings and engagement sessions. 
 The FDA s implementation of the FSPTCA and related regulations and guidance also may have an impact on enforcement efforts by states, territories and localities of their laws and regulations as well as of the State Settlement Agreements (see State Settlement Agreements below). Such enforcement efforts may adversely affect our operating companies ability to market and sell tobacco products in those states, territories and localities. 
 FDA s Five-Year Strategic Plan for Tobacco and Nicotine Regulation: In December 2023, the FDA released its five-year strategic plan to address concerns raised by the Reagan-Udall Foundation s operational evaluation of the FDA s Center for Tobacco Products. The Reagan-Udall report urged the FDA to clearly define product pathways, accelerate PMTA decision making, address the need for health risk communications to tobacco consumers and take enforcement actions against manufacturers and products that violate the law. 
 The FDA s five-year strategic plan lists five goals: 
 develop, advance and communicate comprehensive and impactful tobacco regulations and guidance; 
 ensure timely, clear and consistent product application review; 
 strengthen compliance of regulated industry using all available tools, including robust enforcement actions; 
 enhance knowledge and understanding of the risks associated with tobacco product use; and 
 advance operational excellence. 
 Although the FDA, in conjunction with other federal entities, has increased enforcement activity, insufficient actions against manufacturers, distributors and retailers of certain product categories that violate the law, including certain disposable and flavored e-vapor products, certain oral nicotine pouch products and products targeted to minors, have allowed such products to proliferate on the market. In addition, the FDA s failure to clearly define product pathways and accelerate PMTA decision making has resulted in a market with few authorized smoke-free products available to adult tobacco consumers. 
 Pre-Market Review Pathways for Tobacco Products and Market Authorization Enforcement: The FSPTCA permits the sale of tobacco products on the market as of February 15, 2007 and not subsequently modified Pre-existing Tobacco Products and new or modified products authorized through the PMTA, Substantial Equivalence SE or SE 
 
 (1) Smokeless tobacco, as used in this section of this Form 10-Q, refers to smokeless tobacco products first regulated by the FDA in 2009, including MST. It excludes oral nicotine pouches, which were first regulated by the FDA in 2016. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Exemption pathways. Subsequent FDA rules also provide a Supplemental PMTA pathway designed to increase the efficiency of submission and review for modified versions of previously authorized products. 
 The FDA pre-market authorization enforcement policy varies based on product type and date of availability on the market, specifically: 
 Pre-existing Tobacco Products are exempt from the pre-market authorization requirement; 
 cigarette and smokeless tobacco products that were modified or first introduced into the market between February 15, 2007 and March 22, 2011 are generally considered Provisional Products for which SE reports were required to be filed by March 22, 2011. These reports must demonstrate that the product has the same characteristics as a product on the market as of February 15, 2007 or to a product previously determined to be substantially equivalent, or has different characteristics but does not raise different questions of public health; 
 tobacco products that were first regulated by the FDA in 2016, including cigars, e-vapor products and oral nicotine pouches that are not Pre-existing Tobacco Products, are generally products for which either an SE report or PMTA needed to be filed by September 9, 2020; and 
 tobacco products containing nicotine from any source other than tobacco e.g. , synthetic nicotine) that were on the market between March 15, 2022 and April 14, 2022 and are not Pre-existing Tobacco Products are generally products for which a manufacturer must have filed a PMTA by May 14, 2022. A manufacturer was permitted to keep such a product on the market until July 13, 2022 provided that a PMTA was filed by May 14, 2022. Thereafter, unless the FDA granted the product a marketing order, the product is unlawful and subject to possible FDA enforcement. 
 Modifications to currently marketed products, including modifications that result from, for example, changes to the quantity of tobacco product(s) in a package, a manufacturer being unable to acquire ingredients or a supplier or contract manufacturer being unable to maintain the consistency required in ingredients or manufacturing processes, could trigger the FDA s pre-market review processes. Additionally, a manufacturer may be unable to maintain consistency in manufacturing processes as it increases the scale of its manufacturing operations in response to market expansion or product introduction. These circumstances could cause a manufacturer to receive (i) a not substantially equivalent determination or (ii) a denial or withdrawal of a PMTA, either of which could result in a product being removed from the market. In addition, new scientific data continues to be developed relating to innovative tobacco products, which could impact the FDA s determination as to whether a product is, or continues to be, appropriate for the protection of public health and could, therefore, result in the removal of one or more products from the market. Any such actions affecting our operating companies products could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 Products Regulated in 2009 : Most cigarette and smokeless tobacco products currently marketed by PM USA and USSTC are Provisional Products. PM USA and USSTC timely submitted SE reports for these Provisional Products and have received SE determinations on certain Provisional Products. Those products that were found by the FDA to be not substantially equivalent (certain smokeless tobacco products) had been discontinued for business reasons prior to the FDA s determinations; therefore, those determinations did not impact business results. PM USA and USSTC have other Provisional Products that continue to be subject to the FDA s pre-market review process. In the meantime, they can continue marketing these products unless the FDA determines that a specific Provisional Product is not substantially equivalent. 
 In addition, the FDA has communicated that it will not review a certain subset of Provisional Product SE reports and that the products that are the subject of those reports can continue to be legally marketed without further FDA review. PM USA and USSTC have Provisional Products included in this subset of products. 
 While we believe PM USA s and USSTC s current Provisional Products meet the statutory requirements of the FSPTCA, we cannot predict how the FDA will ultimately apply law, regulation and guidance to their various SE reports. Should PM USA or USSTC receive unfavorable determinations on any SE reports currently pending with the FDA, we believe PM USA and USSTC can replace the vast majority of these product volumes with other FDA authorized products or with Pre-existing Tobacco Products. 
 Cigarette and smokeless tobacco products introduced into the market or modified after March 22, 2011 are Non-Provisional Products and must receive a marketing order from the FDA prior to being offered for sale. Marketing orders for Non-Provisional Products may be obtained by filing an SE report, PMTA or using another pre-market pathway established by the FDA. PM USA and USSTC may not be able to obtain a marketing order for non-provisional products because the FDA may determine that any such product does not meet the statutory requirements for approval. 
 Products Regulated in 2016 : Manufacturers of products first regulated by the FDA in 2016, including cigars, oral nicotine pouches and e-vapor products, that were on the market as of August 8, 2016 and not subsequently modified must have filed an SE report or PMTA by the filing deadline of September 9, 2020 in order for their products to remain on the market. These products can remain on the market during FDA review through court-allowed, case-by-case discretion, so long as the report or 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 application was timely filed with the FDA. In September 2022, the FDA represented that it had resolved more than 99 of the timely applications it had received, the vast majority of which were for e-vapor products and resulted in denials. A number of the denials are subject to challenges initiated by the affected manufacturers. For those products still under FDA review, it is uncertain when and for how long the FDA may permit continued marketing and sale of those products pursuant to its case-by-case discretion. For products (new or modified) not on the market as of August 8, 2016, manufacturers must file an SE report or PMTA and receive FDA authorization prior to marketing and selling the product. 
 Helix submitted PMTAs for on! oral nicotine pouches in May 2020 and PMTAs for on! PLUS oral nicotine pouches in tobacco, mint and wintergreen flavors in June 2024. As of October 28, 2024, the FDA has not issued marketing order decisions for any on! or on! PLUS products. 
 As of October 28, 2024, Middleton has received marketing orders or exemptions that cover over 99 of its cigar product volume. 
 In October 2021, the FDA authorized the marketing and sale of four of USSTC s Verve oral nicotine products, including Green Mint and Blue Mint varieties, representing the first flavored product authorizations issued by the FDA for newly deemed innovative products. These products are not currently marketed or sold. 
 In March 2023, the FDA authorized USSTC to communicate a modified risk claim about its Copenhagen Classic Snuff MST product. This product is not currently marketed or sold. The authorized claim for Copenhagen Classic Snuff is IF YOU SMOKE, CONSIDER THIS: Switching completely to this product from cigarettes reduces risk of lung cancer. USSTC s authorization to use this claim is subject to the FDA s post-market surveillance requirements described below. 
 As a result of our June 2023 acquisition of NJOY Holdings, we gained full global ownership of NJOY s e-vapor product portfolio, including NJOY ACE , a pod-based e-vapor product with an MGO from the FDA, and NJOY DAILY , which also has an MGO. In June 2024, NJOY received MGOs with respect to two NJOY ACE menthol products and two NJOY DAILY menthol products. In May 2024, NJOY submitted a supplemental PMTA to the FDA to commercialize and market the NJOY ACE 2.0 device, which leverages Bluetooth connectivity to incorporate access restriction technology designed to prevent underage use by authenticating the user before unlocking the device. Also in May 2024, NJOY re-submitted PMTAs for blueberry and watermelon flavored pod-based e-vapor products that work exclusively with the Bluetooth -enabled NJOY ACE 2.0 device. These products previously received marketing denial orders MDOs on the basis of FDA concerns regarding underage use. 
 Post-Market Surveillance : Manufacturers that receive MGOs must adhere to the FDA post-market record keeping and reporting requirements, as detailed in market orders and in the final PMTA rule. The requirements include prior notification of marketing activities. The FDA may amend requirements of an MGO or withdraw the MGO based on this information if, among other reasons, it determines that the continued marketing of the products is no longer appropriate for the protection of the public health. 
 Effect of Adverse FDA Determinations : FDA review time frames have varied. It is therefore difficult to predict the duration of FDA reviews of SE reports or PMTAs. An unfavorable determination on an application, the withdrawal by the FDA of a prior MGO or other changes in FDA regulatory requirements could result in the removal of products from the market. A not substantially equivalent determination, a denial of a PMTA or an MGO withdrawal by the FDA on one or more products (which would require the removal of the product or products from the market) could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Also, adverse FDA determinations on innovative tobacco products could have a material adverse effect on our innovative tobacco businesses and our ability to achieve our Vision. 
 FDA Regulatory Actions 
 Graphic Warnings : In March 2020, the FDA issued a final rule requiring 11 textual warnings accompanied by color graphics depicting certain negative health consequences of smoking on cigarette packaging and advertising. PM USA and other cigarette manufacturers filed lawsuits challenging the final rule on substantive and procedural grounds. In December 2022, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas found in favor of cigarette manufacturers in one such suit and blocked the rule, finding it unconstitutional on the basis that it compelled speech in violation of the First Amendment. The FDA appealed the decision, and, in March 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit reversed the trial court and remanded the case for further proceedings. In August 2024, the cigarette manufacturers in the suit petitioned the U.S. Supreme Court to review the case. In September 2024, the FDA announced in guidance that it generally would not enforce the final rule until December 2025. However, the FDA has separately stated that parties involved in pending litigation would not be required to comply during the pendency of the case before the U.S. Supreme Court and for an additional 15 months after the U.S. Supreme Court s disposition of the case. We submitted comments in response to the September 2024 guidance asking the FDA to set the same compliance deadline for all manufacturers and, assuming the rule remains in place following the U.S. Supreme Court s disposition of the case, to begin enforcing the rule no sooner than 15 months following the disposition. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Underage Access and Use of Certain Tobacco Products : The FDA announced regulatory actions in September 2018 to address underage access to and use of e-vapor products. We have engaged with the FDA on this topic and have reaffirmed to the FDA our ongoing and long-standing commitment to preventing underage use. For example, we advocated raising the minimum legal age to purchase all tobacco products to 21 at the federal and state levels to further address underage use, which is now federal law. We continue to advocate in states that have not yet raised the minimum legal age to purchase all tobacco products to 21. See Federal, State and Local Legislation to Increase the Legal Age to Purchase Tobacco Products below for further discussion. 
 Additionally, the FDA issued final guidance in April 2020, stating that it intended to prioritize enforcement action against certain product categories, including pod-based, flavored e-vapor products and products targeted to minors. More recently, the FDA has taken limited enforcement action aimed at manufacturers and retailers of certain disposable flavored e-vapor products. However, despite some enforcement activity, insufficient actions against manufacturers, distributors and retailers of certain product categories that violate the law, including certain disposable and flavored e-vapor products, certain oral nicotine pouch products and products targeted to minors, have allowed such products to proliferate on the market. 
 E-Vapor Products : As of October 28, 2024, many manufacturers of menthol and other flavored e-vapor products have received MDOs for failure to provide sufficiently strong product-specific scientific evidence to demonstrate that the benefit of their products to adult smokers overcomes the risk that their products pose to youth. The FDA has communicated in these MDOs that vapor products with non-tobacco flavors present unique questions relevant to the FDA s Appropriate for the Protection of Public Health standard and that successful applications require strong, product-specific evidence. A number of these manufacturers are challenging the MDOs for their products. In January 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ruled that the FDA process and procedure for addressing an e-vapor PMTA violated federal law and that, among other things, the FDA failed to give the manufacturer plaintiff fair notice of, and repeatedly changed positions with respect to, the information required to obtain a PMTA. The court decided the case en banc , with all judges on the court hearing the case. In July 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to review the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit s decision. Other U.S. Courts of Appeals have upheld adverse FDA determinations, and there are pending requests that the U.S. Supreme Court review these decisions. 
 Potential Product Standards 
 Nicotine in Cigarettes and Other Combustible Tobacco Products : In March 2018, the FDA issued an ANPRM seeking comments on the potential public health benefits and any possible adverse effects of lowering nicotine in combustible cigarettes to non-addictive or minimally addictive levels. Among other issues, the FDA sought comments on (i) whether smokers would compensate by smoking more cigarettes to obtain the same level of nicotine as with their current product and (ii) whether the proposed rule would create an illicit trade of cigarettes containing nicotine at levels higher than a non-addictive threshold that may be established by the FDA. The FDA also sought comments on whether a nicotine product standard should apply to other combustible tobacco products, including cigars. In July 2024, the Biden Administration published its Spring 2024 Unified Regulatory Agenda, which indicates that the date for any final action on this proposed product standard is to be determined. Any proposed product standard would proceed through the rulemaking process, which we believe will take multiple years to complete. 
 Flavors in Tobacco Products : In April 2022, the FDA issued two proposed product standards: (i) banning menthol in cigarettes and (ii) banning all characterizing flavors (including menthol) in cigars. We submitted comments during the notice-and-comment period and plan to continue engaging with the FDA through the rulemaking process. In October 2023, the FDA submitted the two proposed product standards to the White House Office of Management and Budget for review. As of October 28, 2024, the FDA has not completed rulemaking with respect to either proposed product standard. In April 2024, the FDA announced that it would delay a decision on the menthol ban indefinitely, citing the high volume of feedback received during the notice-and-comment period, and the Biden Administration s Spring 2024 Unified Regulatory Agenda indicates that the date for any final action on these proposed product standards is to be determined. The FDA could propose an additional product standard for flavors in innovative tobacco products, including e-vapor products and oral nicotine products. 
 N-nitrosonornicotine NNN in Smokeless Tobacco : In January 2017, the FDA proposed a product standard for NNN levels in finished smokeless tobacco products. 
 If any one or more of the foregoing potential product standards were to become final and was appealed and upheld in the courts, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position, including a material adverse effect on the carrying value of certain of our assets such as our cigar trademarks. 
 Tobacco Product Manufacturing Practices: In March 2023, the FDA, pursuant to the requirements of the FSPTCA, issued a proposed rule setting forth requirements for tobacco product manufacturers regarding the manufacture, design, 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 packing and storage of their products. This proposed rule establishes a framework of tobacco product manufacturing practices, including by: 
 establishing tobacco product design and development controls; 
 ensuring that finished and bulk tobacco products are manufactured according to established specifications; 
 minimizing the manufacture and distribution of tobacco products that do not meet specifications; 
 requiring manufacturers to take appropriate measures to prevent contamination of tobacco products; 
 requiring investigation and identification of products that do not meet specifications and requiring manufacturers to institute appropriate corrective actions, such as a recall; and 
 establishing the ability to trace all components or parts, ingredients, additives and materials, as well as each batch of finished or bulk tobacco products, to aid in investigations of those that do not meet specifications. 
 We engaged with the FDA through the rulemaking process, including during the notice-and-comment period, which closed in October 2023. The Biden Administration s Spring 2024 Unified Regulatory Agenda includes the FDA s plans to complete rulemaking with respect to this proposed rule by April 2025. If the proposed rule were to take effect, our operating companies could experience increased costs to comply with the rule. 
 Impact on Our Business; Compliance Costs and User Fees: Additional FDA regulatory actions under the FSPTCA could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position in various ways. For example, actions (or inaction) by the FDA could: 
 impact the consumer acceptability of tobacco products; 
 discontinue, delay or prevent the sale or distribution of existing, new or modified tobacco products; 
 limit adult tobacco consumer choices; 
 impose restrictions on communications with adult tobacco consumers; 
 create a competitive advantage or disadvantage for certain tobacco companies; 
 impose additional manufacturing, labeling or packaging requirements; 
 impose additional restrictions at retail; 
 result in increased illicit trade in tobacco products; and 
 otherwise significantly increase the cost of doing business. 
 The FSPTCA imposes user fees on cigarette, cigarette tobacco, smokeless tobacco, cigar and pipe tobacco manufacturers and importers to pay for the cost of regulation and other matters. The FSPTCA does not impose user fees on e-vapor products or oral nicotine pouch manufacturers. The cost of the FDA user fee is allocated first among tobacco product categories subject to FDA user fees and then among manufacturers and importers within each respective category based on their relative market shares, all as prescribed by the FSPTCA and FDA regulations. Payments for user fees are adjusted for several factors, including market share and industry volume. See Liquidity and Capital Resources - Payments Under State Settlement Agreements and FDA Regulation below for a discussion of our FDA user fee payments. In addition, our operating companies compliance with the FSPTCA s regulatory requirements has resulted, and will continue to result, in additional costs. The amount of additional compliance and related costs has not been material in any given quarter or year-to-date period but could become material, either individually or in the aggregate. The failure to comply with FDA regulatory requirements, even inadvertently, and FDA enforcement actions also could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 Investigation and Enforcement: The FDA has a number of investigatory and enforcement tools available to it, including document requests and other required information submissions, facility inspections, facility closures, examinations and investigations, injunction proceedings, monetary penalties, product withdrawal and recall orders, and product seizures. Investigations or enforcement actions could result in significant costs or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 Excise Taxes 
 Tobacco products are subject to substantial excise taxes in the United States. Significant increases in tobacco-related taxes or fees have been proposed or enacted (including with respect to e-vapor products) and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted at the federal, state and local levels within the United States. The frequency and magnitude of excise tax increases can be influenced by various factors, including the composition of executive and legislative bodies. 
 Federal, state and local cigarette excise taxes have increased substantially over the past two decades, far outpacing the rate of inflation. Between the end of 1998 and October 28, 2024, the weighted-average state cigarette excise tax increased from 0.36 to 1.93 per pack. As of October 28, 2024, three states (Maryland (effective in July 2024), Colorado (effective in July 2024) 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 and Rhode Island (effective in September 2024)) have increased excise taxes in 2024. In addition, various increases are under consideration or have been proposed. 
 A majority of states currently tax MST using an ad valorem method, which is calculated as a percentage of the price of the product, typically the wholesale price. This ad valorem method results in more tax being paid on premium products than is paid on lower-priced products of equal weight. We support legislation to convert ad valorem taxes on MST to a weight-based methodology because, unlike the ad valorem tax, a weight-based tax subjects cans of equal weight to the same tax. As of October 28, 2024, the federal government, 23 states, Puerto Rico, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Cook County, Illinois have adopted a weight-based tax methodology for MST. North Carolina has passed legislation that will cause the state to adopt a weight-based tax methodology for MST in July 2025. 
 An increasing number of states and localities also are imposing excise taxes on e-vapor products and oral nicotine pouches. As of October 28, 2024, 33 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and a number of cities and counties have enacted legislation to tax e-vapor products. These taxes are calculated in varying ways and may differ based on the e-vapor product form. Similarly, 13 states and the District of Columbia have enacted legislation to tax oral nicotine pouches. 
 Tax increases are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on sales of our operating companies products through lower consumption levels and the potential shift in adult tobacco consumer purchases from premium to non-premium or discount cigarettes, to lower taxed tobacco products or to counterfeit and contraband products. Lower sales volume and reported share performance of our operating companies products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. In addition, substantial excise tax increases on e-vapor and oral nicotine products may negatively impact adult smokers transition to these products, which could materially adversely affect our innovative tobacco businesses and our ability to achieve our Vision. 
 International Treaty on Tobacco Control 
 The World Health Organization s Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (the FCTC entered into force in February 2005. As of October 28, 2024, 182 countries, as well as the European Union, have become parties to the FCTC. While the United States is a signatory of the FCTC, it is not currently a party to the agreement, as the agreement has not been submitted to, or ratified by, the U.S. Senate. The FCTC is the first international public health treaty and its objective is to establish a global agenda for tobacco regulation with the purpose of reducing initiation of tobacco use and encouraging cessation. The treaty recommends (and in certain instances, requires) signatory nations to enact legislation that would address various tobacco-related issues. 
 There are a number of proposals currently under consideration by the governing body of the FCTC, some of which call for substantial restrictions on the manufacture, marketing, distribution and sale of tobacco products. It is not possible to predict the outcome of these proposals or the impact of any FCTC actions on legislation or regulation in the United States, either indirectly or as a result of the United States becoming a party to the FCTC, or whether or how these actions might indirectly influence FDA regulation and enforcement. 
 State Settlement Agreements 
 As discussed in Note 14, during 1997 and 1998, PM USA and other major domestic cigarette manufacturers entered into the State Settlement Agreements. These settlements require participating manufacturers to make substantial annual payments, which are adjusted for several factors, including inflation, operating income, market share and industry volume. Increases in inflation can increase our financial liability under the State Settlement Agreements. The State Settlement Agreements inflation calculations require us to apply the higher of 3 or the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers CPI-U percentage rate as published in January of each year. As of December 2023, the inflation calculation was approximately 3.4 based on the latest CPI-U data. While this calculation resulted in an increase in our annual payments under the State Settlement Agreements, the increase did not have a material impact on our financial position. We believe that inflation will continue at increased levels in 2024, but do not expect the corresponding increase in annual payments to result in a material financial impact. However, we will continue to monitor the impact of increased inflation on the macroeconomic environment and our businesses. 
 For a discussion of the impact of the State Settlement Agreements on us, see Liquidity and Capital Resources - Payments Under State Settlement Agreements and FDA Regulation below and Note 14. The State Settlement Agreements also place numerous requirements and restrictions on participating manufacturers business operations, including prohibitions and restrictions on the advertising and marketing of cigarettes and smokeless tobacco products. Among these are prohibitions of outdoor and transit brand advertising, payments for product placement and free sampling (except in adult-only facilities). The State Settlement Agreements also place restrictions on the use of brand name sponsorships and brand name non-tobacco products and prohibitions on targeting youth and the use of cartoon characters. In addition, the State Settlement Agreements require companies to affirm corporate principles directed at reducing underage use of cigarettes; impose requirements regarding lobbying activities; limit the industry s ability to challenge certain tobacco control and underage use laws; and provide for the 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 dissolution of certain tobacco-related organizations and place restrictions on the establishment of any replacement organizations. 
 In November 1998, USSTC entered into the Smokeless Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement (the STMSA with the attorneys general of various states and United States territories to resolve the remaining health care cost reimbursement cases initiated against USSTC. The STMSA required USSTC to adopt various marketing and advertising restrictions. USSTC is the only smokeless tobacco manufacturer to sign the STMSA. 
 Other International, Federal, State and Local Regulation and Governmental and Private Activity 
 International, Federal, State and Local Regulation: Various states and localities have enacted or proposed legislation that imposes restrictions on tobacco products (including cigarettes, smokeless tobacco, cigars, e-vapor products and oral nicotine pouches), such as legislation that (i) prohibits the sale of all tobacco products or certain tobacco categories, such as e-vapor, (ii) prohibits the sale of tobacco products with characterizing flavors, such as menthol cigarettes and flavored e-vapor products, (iii) requires the disclosure of health information separate from or in addition to federally mandated health warnings, (iv) restricts commercial speech or imposes additional restrictions on the marketing or sale of tobacco products and (v) requires manufacturers of e-vapor products to certify that they are in compliance with FDA requirements to be allowed to sell in the state. The legislation varies in terms of the type of tobacco products, the conditions under which such products are or would be restricted or prohibited, and exceptions to the restrictions or prohibitions. For example, a number of proposals involving characterizing flavors would prohibit smokeless tobacco products with characterizing flavors without providing an exception for mint- or wintergreen-flavored products. As of October 28, 2024, multiple states and localities are considering legislation to ban flavors in one or more tobacco products, and six states (California, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island and Utah) and the District of Columbia have passed such legislation. Some states, such as New York, Utah and Illinois, exempt certain products that have received FDA market authorization through the PMTA pathway. The legislation in California, which became effective in December 2022, bans the sale of most tobacco products with characterizing flavors, including menthol, mint and wintergreen. 
 Indiana, Massachusetts and Utah passed legislation capping the amount of nicotine in e-vapor products. As of October 28, 2024, legislation relating to this issue is pending in one other state. 
 Similar restrictions to those enacted or proposed in various U.S. states and localities on e-vapor and oral nicotine pouch products have been enacted or proposed internationally. 
 We have challenged and will continue to challenge certain federal, state and local legislation and other governmental action, including through litigation. Certain legislation imposing restrictions on tobacco products, such as state laws requiring manufacturers of e-vapor products to certify that they are in compliance with federal law in order to sell products in the state, aligns with our Vision, and we actively engage with lawmakers in support of such legislation. It is possible, however, that legislation, regulation or other governmental action could be enacted or implemented that could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Such action also could negatively impact adult smokers transition to smoke-free products, which could materially adversely affect our innovative tobacco businesses and our ability to achieve our Vision. 
 Federal, State and Local Legislation to Increase the Legal Age to Purchase Tobacco Products: In December 2019, after a number of states and localities proposed and enacted legislation to increase the minimum age to purchase all tobacco products, including e-vapor products, the federal government passed legislation increasing the minimum age to purchase all tobacco products, including e-vapor products, to 21 nationwide. As of October 28, 2024, 43 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico have enacted laws increasing the legal age to purchase tobacco products to 21. Although an increase in the minimum age to purchase tobacco products may have a negative impact on our operating companies sales volumes, we support raising the minimum legal age to purchase all tobacco products to 21 at the federal and state levels, as discussed above under Underage Access and Use of Certain Tobacco Products , reflecting our longstanding commitment to combat underage tobacco use. 
 Health Effects of Tobacco Products, Including E-vapor Products: Reports with respect to the health effects of smoking have been publicized for many years, including various reports by the U.S. Surgeon General. We believe that the public should be guided by the messages of the U.S. Surgeon General and public health authorities worldwide in making decisions concerning the use of tobacco products, including e-vapor products. Along with the scientific and public health communities, we continue to study and gather scientific evidence concerning the health effects of e-vapor and other innovative tobacco products. It is not possible to predict the results of ongoing scientific research or the types of future scientific research into the health risks of tobacco exposure and the impact of such research on legislation and regulation. Scientific determinations as to any health risks or negative health consequences associated with the use of e-vapor and other innovative tobacco products could materially adversely affect our innovative tobacco products businesses and our ability to achieve our Vision. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Most jurisdictions within the United States have restricted smoking in public places and some have restricted vaping in public places. Some public health groups have called for, and various jurisdictions have adopted or proposed, bans on smoking and vaping in outdoor places, in private apartments and in cars transporting children. 
 Other Legislation or Governmental Initiatives: In addition to the actions discussed above, other regulatory initiatives affecting the tobacco industry have been adopted or are being considered at the federal level and in a number of state and local jurisdictions. For example, in recent years, legislation has been introduced or enacted at the state or local level to subject tobacco products to various reporting requirements and performance standards; establish educational campaigns relating to tobacco consumption or tobacco control programs or provide additional funding for governmental tobacco control activities; restrict the sale of tobacco products in certain retail establishments and the sale of tobacco products in certain package sizes; prohibit the sale of tobacco products based on environmental concerns; impose responsibility on manufacturers for the disposal, recycling or other treatment of post-consumer goods such as plastic packaging; require tax stamping of smokeless tobacco products; require the use of state tax stamps using data encryption technology; and further restrict the sale, marketing and advertising of cigarettes and other tobacco products. Such legislation may be subject to constitutional or other challenges on various grounds, which may or may not be successful. In addition, if a pandemic or similar health emergency occurs, state and local governments may reimpose additional health and safety requirements for all businesses, which could result in the potential temporary closure of certain businesses and facilities. It is possible that tobacco manufacturing and other facilities and the facilities of our suppliers, our suppliers suppliers and our trade partners could be subject to additional government-mandated temporary closures and restrictions. 
 It is not possible to predict what, if any, additional legislation, regulation or other governmental action will be enacted or implemented (and, if challenged, upheld) relating to the manufacturing, design, packaging, marketing, advertising, sale or use of tobacco products, or the tobacco industry generally. Any such legislation, regulation or other governmental action could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 Governmental Investigations: From time to time, we are subject to governmental investigations on a range of matters. For example, we currently are, or recently have been, subject to a number of governmental investigations with respect to our former investment in JUUL, which we divested in March 2023, including the following: (i) the U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC issued a Civil Investigative Demand to us while conducting its antitrust review of our former investment in JUUL; (ii) the SEC commenced an investigation relating to our acquisition, disclosures and accounting controls in connection with the JUUL investment; and (iii) the New York State Office of the Attorney General and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Office of the Attorney General, separately, issued independent subpoenas to us seeking documents relating to our former investment in and provision of services to JUUL. For a discussion of our disposition of our former interest in JUUL, see Note 6. 
 In April 2023, January 2024, February 2024 and April 2024, we agreed to settle the lawsuits relating to our former investment in JUUL initiated by the attorneys general of Minnesota, Alaska, Hawaii and New Mexico, respectively. 
 Private Sector Activity on Tobacco Products 
 A number of retailers, including national chains, have discontinued the sale of all tobacco products, and others have discontinued the sale of e-vapor products. Reasons for the discontinuation include change in corporate policy and, with respect to e-vapor products, reported illnesses and the uncertain regulatory environment. Furthermore, third-party digital platforms, such as app stores, have restricted, and in some cases prohibited, communications with adult tobacco consumers concerning tobacco products. It is possible that if this private sector activity becomes more widespread it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 Illicit Trade in Tobacco Products 
 Illicit trade in tobacco products can have an adverse impact on our businesses, including the sales volumes and market shares of our operating companies innovative and smoke-free products and traditional tobacco products. Illicit trade can take many forms, including the sale of counterfeit tobacco products; the sale of tobacco products that do not comply with the FSPTCA and FDA regulations; the sale of tobacco products in the United States that are intended for sale outside the country; the sale of untaxed tobacco products over the Internet and by other means designed to avoid the collection of applicable taxes; and diversion into one taxing jurisdiction of tobacco products intended for sale in another. Counterfeit tobacco products, for example, are manufactured by unknown third parties in unregulated environments. Counterfeit versions of our products can negatively affect adult tobacco consumer experiences with and opinions of those brands. Illicit disposable e-vapor and oral nicotine pouch products may be designed to appeal to youth and are manufactured without scientific standards, exposing consumers to undocumented risks. Illicit trade in tobacco products also harms law-abiding wholesalers and retailers by depriving them of lawful sales and undermines the significant investment we have made in legitimate distribution channels. Moreover, illicit trade in tobacco products results in federal, state and local governments losing tax revenues. Losses in tax revenues can cause such governments to take various actions, including increasing excise taxes, imposing legislative or regulatory requirements, or asserting claims against manufacturers of tobacco products or members of the trade channels 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 through which such tobacco products are distributed and sold, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 We communicate with wholesale and retail trade members regarding illicit trade in tobacco products and how we can help prevent such activities, enforce wholesale and retail trade programs and policies that address illicit trade in tobacco products and, when necessary, litigate to protect our trademarks. We also engage with the FDA and other government agencies to advocate for a well-regulated U.S. tobacco industry that embraces harm reduction and the enforcement of existing regulatory frameworks. 
 Prohibitory policies, such as California s ban on the sale of flavored tobacco products, which went into effect in 2022, can have unintended negative consequences, including the proliferation of counterfeit and unregulated products. We actively engage with regulators, state and federal lawmakers, our trade partners and other stakeholders to bring awareness to these issues. When appropriate, we also take legal action to protect our lawful e-vapor product business, such as the lawsuit we have filed in federal court in California against manufacturers of illicit e-vapor products. 
 In June 2024, the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ and the FDA announced the creation of a federal multi-agency task force to combat the illegal marketing and sale of e-vapor products in the United States. The announcement noted that, in addition to the DOJ and the FDA, the task force will leverage the criminal and civil law enforcement capabilities of the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the U.S. Marshals Service, the U.S. Postal Inspection Service and the FTC and that additional agencies may join the task force in the future. The DOJ and the FDA stated that the task force will focus on many topics, such as investigating and prosecuting new criminal, civil, seizure and forfeiture actions under various U.S. laws, including the FSPTCA. 
 Price, Availability and Quality of Tobacco, Other Raw Materials, Ingredients and Component Parts 
 Shifts in crops (such as those driven by economic conditions, adverse weather patterns and natural disasters), government restrictions and mandated prices, production control programs, economic trade sanctions, import duties and tariffs, international trade disruptions, inflation, geopolitical instability, labor disruptions, climate and environmental changes and disruptions due to man-made or natural disasters may increase the cost or reduce the supply or quality of tobacco, other raw materials, ingredients or component parts used to manufacture our operating companies products. Any significant change in the nature or consequences of these factors could negatively impact our ability to continue manufacturing and marketing existing products, increase our costs or negatively impact adult tobacco consumer product acceptability and have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. 
 As with other agricultural commodities, tobacco price, quality and availability can be influenced by variations in weather patterns and natural disasters, including those caused by climate change, and macroeconomic conditions and imbalances in supply and demand, among other factors. For varieties of tobacco only available in limited geographies, government-mandated prices and production control programs, political instability or government prohibitions on the import or export of tobacco in certain countries pose additional risks to price, availability and quality. In addition, as consumer demand increases for innovative smoke-free products and decreases for combustible and MST products, the volume of tobacco leaf required for production of these products has decreased, resulting in reduced tobacco leaf demand. Reduced demand for tobacco leaf may result in the reduced supply and availability of domestic tobacco, as growers divert resources to other crops or cease farming, and increased costs. The unavailability or unacceptability of any one or more particular varieties of tobacco leaf or the unavailability of nicotine extract necessary to manufacture our operating companies products could negatively impact our ability to continue marketing existing products or impact adult tobacco consumer product acceptability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. In addition, the nicotine used in our operating companies innovative smoke-free products is extracted from tobacco produced in one country. If we are unable to identify alternate sources of nicotine for our operating companies innovative products, we could be exposed to supply risk. 
 Current macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical instability (including inflation, high interest rates, labor shortages, supply and demand imbalances and geopolitical instability and international armed conflict) and adverse weather events have caused and continue to cause worldwide disruptions and delays to supply chains and commercial markets, which limit access to, and increase the cost of, raw materials, ingredients and component parts (for example, tobacco leaf and resins and aluminum used in our packaging). We have implemented and continue to implement various strategies to help secure sufficient supplies of raw materials, ingredients and component parts for production, including maintaining inventory levels of certain tobacco varieties that cover several years, purchasing raw materials, ingredients and component parts from disperse geographic regions throughout the world and entering into long-term contracts with some of our tobacco growers and direct material suppliers. To date, the impact on us of changes in the price, availability and quality of tobacco, other raw materials, ingredients and component parts has not been material. However, the effects of the current macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions on prices, availability and quality of such items may continue, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, government taxes and restrictions and prohibitions on the sale and use of certain materials used in our operating companies products may limit access to, and increase the costs of, raw materials and component parts and, potentially, impede our ability to sell certain of our products. For example, certain states have passed extended producer responsibility legislation concerning packaging. Because certain of our products packaging consists of single-use plastics, single-use plastic bans and extended producer responsibility mandates could result in bans on some of our product packaging or our products and adversely impact our costs and revenues. Additional taxes and limitations on the use of certain single-use plastics have been proposed by the U.S. Congress and various state and local governments. These existing and potential future laws and regulations could increase the costs of, and impair our ability to, source certain materials used in the packaging for our products. 
 Timing of Sales 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are subject to many influences that can impact the timing of sales to customers, including the timing of holidays and other annual or special events, the timing of promotions, customer incentive programs and customer inventory programs, as well as the actual or speculated timing of pricing actions and tax-driven price increases. 
 
 Operating Results 
 The following table provides reconciliations of reported OCI to adjusted OCI for our reportable segments, all other category and total OCI and provides the related OCI margins: 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in millions) Smokeable Products Oral Tobacco Products All Other Total Net revenues 15,941 2,084 19 18,044 Excise taxes (2,630) (76) (2,706) Revenues net of excise taxes 13,311 2,008 19 15,338 Reported OCI 8,183 996 (291) 8,888 NPM Adjustment Items (29) (29) Asset impairment 354 354 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 59 59 Adjusted OCI 8,213 1,350 (291) 9,272 Reported OCI margin (1) 
 61.5 49.6 (100.0+) 57.9 Adjusted OCI margin (1) 
 61.7 67.2 (100.0+) 60.5 
 (1) Reported and adjusted OCI margins are calculated as reported and adjusted OCI, respectively, divided by revenues net of excise taxes. 
 For further information on our reportable segments, see Note 11. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Smokeable Products Segment 
 Financial Results 
 The following table summarizes operating results, includes reported and adjusted OCI margins and provides a reconciliation of reported OCI to adjusted OCI for our smokeable products segment: 
 Operating Results For the Nine Months Ended September 30, For the Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Net revenues 15,941 16,482 (3.3) 5,540 5,572 (0.6) Excise taxes (2,630) (2,945) (888) (976) Revenues net of excise taxes 13,311 13,537 4,652 4,596 Reported OCI 8,183 8,092 1.1 2,937 2,743 7.1 NPM Adjustment Items (29) (15) (23) (15) Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 59 65 21 13 Adjusted OCI 8,213 8,142 0.9 2,935 2,741 7.1 Reported OCI margins (1) 
 61.5 59.8 1.7 pp 63.1 59.7 3.4 pp Adjusted OCI margins (1) 
 61.7 60.1 1.6 pp 63.1 59.6 3.5 pp 
 (1) Reported and adjusted OCI margins are calculated as reported and adjusted OCI, respectively, divided by revenues net of excise taxes. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net revenues, which include excise taxes billed to customers, decreased 541 million (3.3 ), due primarily to lower shipment volume 1,991 million), partially offset by higher pricing 1,444 million), which includes higher promotional investments. 
 Reported OCI increased 91 million (1.1 ), due primarily to higher pricing, which includes higher promotional investments, and lower marketing, administration and research costs 131 million), partially offset by lower shipment volume 1,293 million) and higher per unit settlement charges and manufacturing costs 206 million). 
 Adjusted OCI increased 71 million (0.9 ), due primarily to higher pricing, which includes higher promotional investments, and lower marketing, administration and research costs 125 million), partially offset by lower shipment volume and higher per unit settlement charges and manufacturing costs. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net revenues, which include excise taxes billed to customers, decreased 32 million (0.6 ), due primarily to lower shipment volume 556 million), partially offset by higher pricing 517 million), which includes higher promotional investments. 
 Reported OCI increased 194 million (7.1 ), due primarily to higher pricing, which includes higher promotional investments, and lower marketing, administration and research costs 84 million), partially offset by lower shipment volume 363 million) and higher per unit settlement charges. 
 Adjusted OCI increased 194 million (7.1 ), due primarily to higher pricing, which includes higher promotional investments, and lower marketing, administration and research costs 92 million), partially offset by lower shipment volume and higher per unit settlement charges. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Shipment Volume and Retail Share Results 
 The following table summarizes our smokeable products segment s shipment volume performance: 
 Shipment Volume For the Nine Months Ended September 30, For the Three Months Ended September 30, (sticks in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Cigarettes: Marlboro 47,411 52,339 (9.4) 16,122 17,437 (7.5) Other premium 2,397 2,674 (10.4) 824 895 (7.9) Discount 2,181 3,119 (30.1) 695 970 (28.4) Total cigarettes 51,989 58,132 (10.6) 17,641 19,302 (8.6) Cigars: Black Mild 1,320 1,359 (2.9) 443 451 (1.8) Other 3 2 50.0 1 100.0 Total cigars 1,323 1,361 (2.8) 444 451 (1.6) Total smokeable products 53,312 59,493 (10.4) 18,085 19,753 (8.4) 
 Note: Cigarettes shipment volume includes Marlboro ; Other premium brands, such as Virginia Slims , Parliament and Benson Hedges ; and Discount brands, which include L M and Basic. Cigarettes volume includes units sold as well as promotional units but excludes units sold for distribution to Puerto Rico, U.S. Territories to overseas military and by Philip Morris Duty Free Inc., none of which, individually or in the aggregate, is material to our smokeable products segment. 
 The following table summarizes our cigarettes retail share performance: 
 Retail Share For the Nine Months Ended September 30, For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Percentage Point Change 2024 2023 Percentage Point Change Cigarettes: Marlboro 41.9 42.1 (0.2) 41.7 42.3 (0.6) Other premium 2.2 2.3 (0.1) 2.2 2.3 (0.1) Discount 2.0 2.6 (0.6) 1.8 2.4 (0.6) Total cigarettes 46.1 47.0 (0.9) 45.7 47.0 (1.3) 
 Note: Retail share results for cigarettes are based on data from Circana, LLC Circana ), as well as Management Science Associates, Inc. Circana maintains a blended retail service that uses a sample of stores and certain wholesale shipments to project market share and depict share trends. This service tracks sales in the food, drug, mass merchandisers, convenience, military, dollar store and club trade classes. For other trade classes selling cigarettes, retail share is based on shipments from wholesalers to retailers through the Store Tracking Analytical Reporting System STARS ), as provided by Management Science Associates, Inc. This service is not designed to capture sales through other channels, including the internet, direct mail and some illicitly tax-advantaged outlets. It is the standard practice of retail services to periodically refresh their retail scan services, which could restate retail share results that were previously released in these services. 
 For a discussion of volume trends and factors that impact volume and retail share performance, see Operating Results by Business Segment - Business Environment - Summary above. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Our smokeable products segment s reported domestic cigarettes shipment volume decreased 10.6 , driven primarily by the industry s decline rate (impacted by the growth of illicit e-vapor products and continued discretionary income pressures on adult tobacco consumers), retail share losses and trade inventory movements, partially offset by calendar differences. When adjusted for calendar differences and trade inventory movements, our smokeable products segment domestic cigarette shipment volume decreased by an estimated 11 . When adjusted for calendar differences, trade inventory movements and other factors, total estimated domestic cigarette industry volume decreased by an estimated 9 . 
 Shipments of premium cigarettes accounted for 95.8 and 94.6 of our smokeable products segment s reported domestic cigarettes shipment volume for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Marlboro share of the premium segment was 59.3 , an increase of 0.5 share points. 
 Total cigarettes industry discount category retail share was 29.4 , an increase of 1.1 share points, primarily due to continued discretionary income pressures on adult tobacco consumers. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Our smokeable products segment s reported domestic cigarettes shipment volume decreased 8.6 , driven primarily by the industry s decline rate (impacted by the growth of illicit e-vapor products and continued discretionary income pressures on adult tobacco consumers) and retail share losses, partially offset by trade inventory movements and calendar differences. When adjusted for trade inventory movements and calendar differences, our smokeable products segment domestic cigarette shipment volume decreased by an estimated 11.5 . When adjusted for trade inventory movements and calendar differences, total estimated domestic cigarette industry volume decreased by an estimated 9 . 
 Shipments of premium cigarettes accounted for 96.1 and 95.0 of our smokeable products segment s reported domestic cigarettes shipment volume for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Marlboro retail share of the total cigarette category was 41.7 , a decrease of 0.6 share points versus the prior year and 0.3 share points sequentially. Additionally, Marlboro share of the premium segment was 59.3 , an increase of 0.3 share points versus the prior year and a decrease of 0.1 share point sequentially. 
 Total cigarettes industry discount category retail share was 29.8 , an increase of 1.5 share points versus the prior year and 0.5 share points sequentially, primarily due to continued discretionary income pressures on adult tobacco consumers. 
 For a discussion regarding discount category dynamics in 2024, the growth of illicit e-vapor products and the economic conditions, including the cumulative impact of inflation, that impact adult tobacco consumer purchasing behavior, see Operating Results by Business Segment - Business Environment - Summary above. 
 Pricing Actions 
 PM USA and Middleton executed the following pricing actions during 2024 and 2023: 
 Effective July 14, 2024, PM USA increased the list price of Marlboro (excluding Mainline Menthol and 72s Menthol) , L M and Basic by 0.17 per pack. PM USA also increased the list price of all its other cigarette brands by 0.22 per pack. 
 Effective April 21, 2024, Middleton increased various list prices across substantially all of its cigar brands resulting in a weighted-average increase of approximately 0.16 per five-pack. 
 Effective April 14, 2024, PM USA increased the list price of Marlboro (excluding Mainline Menthol and 72s Menthol) , L M and Basic by 0.20 per pack. PM USA also increased the list price of all its other cigarette brands by 0.25 per pack. 
 Effective January 14, 2024, PM USA increased the list price of Marlboro (excluding Mainline Menthol and 72s Menthol) , L M and Basic by 0.15 per pack. PM USA also increased the list price of all its other cigarette brands by 0.20 per pack. 
 Effective October 15, 2023, PM USA increased the list price of Marlboro , L M and Basic by 0.17 per pack. PM USA also increased the list price of all its other cigarette brands by 0.22 per pack. 
 Effective July 23, 2023, PM USA increased the list price of Marlboro , L M and Basic by 0.16 per pack. PM USA also increased the list price of all its other cigarette brands by 0.21 per pack. 
 Effective June 11, 2023, Middleton increased various list prices across substantially all of its cigar brands resulting in a weighted-average increase of approximately 0.15 per five-pack. 
 Effective April 23, 2023, PM USA increased the list price of Marlboro , L M and Basic by 0.15 per pack. PM USA also increased the list price of all its other cigarette brands by 0.20 per pack. 
 Effective January 22, 2023, PM USA increased the list price of Marlboro , L M , Basic and Chesterfield by 0.15 per pack. PM USA also increased the list price of all its other cigarette brands by 0.20 per pack. 
 In addition: 
 Effective October 20, 2024, PM USA increased the list price of Marlboro (excluding Mainline Menthol and 72s Menthol) , L M and Basic by 0.17 per pack. PM USA also increased the list price of all its other cigarette brands by 0.22 per pack. 
 Effective October 6, 2024, Middleton increased various list prices across substantially all of its cigar brands resulting in a weighted-average increase of approximately 0.13 per five-pack. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Oral Tobacco Products Segment 
 Financial Results 
 The following table summarizes operating results, includes reported and adjusted OCI margins, and provides a reconciliation of reported OCI to adjusted OCI for our oral tobacco products segment: 
 Operating Results For the Nine Months Ended September 30, For the Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Net revenues 2,084 1,993 4.6 722 685 5.4 Excise taxes (76) (85) (27) (28) Revenues net of excise taxes 2,008 1,908 695 657 Reported OCI 996 1,314 (24.2) 464 455 2.0 Asset impairment 354 Adjusted OCI 1,350 1,314 2.7 464 455 2.0 Reported OCI margins (1) 
 49.6 68.9 (19.3) pp 66.8 69.3 (2.5) pp Adjusted OCI margins (1) 
 67.2 68.9 (1.7) pp 66.8 69.3 (2.5) pp 
 (1) Reported and adjusted OCI margins are calculated as reported and adjusted OCI, respectively, divided by revenues net of excise taxes. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net revenues, which include excise taxes billed to customers, increased 91 million (4.6 ), due to higher pricing 170 million), partially offset by lower shipment volume and a higher percentage of on! shipment volume relative to MST 79 million). 
 Reported OCI decreased 318 million (24.2 ), due primarily to a non-cash impairment of the Skoal trademark 354 million), lower shipment volume and a higher percentage of on! shipment volume relative to MST 82 million) and higher marketing, administration and research costs 44 million), partially offset by higher pricing. 
 Adjusted OCI increased 36 million (2.7 ), due primarily to higher pricing, partially offset by lower shipment volume and a higher percentage of on! shipment volume relative to MST and higher marketing, administration and research costs. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net revenues, which include excise taxes billed to customers, increased 37 million (5.4 ), due primarily to higher pricing 51 million), which includes higher promotional investments, partially offset by a higher percentage of on! shipment volume relative to MST (net of higher shipment volume) 15 million). 
 Reported and adjusted OCI increased 9 million (2.0 ), due primarily to higher pricing, which includes higher promotional investments, partially offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs 27 million) and a higher percentage of on! shipment volume relative to MST (net of higher shipment volume) 13 million). 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Shipment Volume and Retail Share Results 
 The following table summarizes our oral tobacco products segment s shipment volume performance: 
 Shipment Volume For the Nine Months Ended September 30, For the Three Months Ended September 30, (cans and packs in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Copenhagen 304.4 333.3 (8.7) 101.4 109.4 (7.3) Skoal 111.6 123.3 (9.5) 37.4 40.4 (7.4) on! 116.4 83.9 38.7 41.9 28.7 46.0 Other 
 50.0 49.3 1.4 16.4 16.3 0.6 Total oral tobacco products 582.4 589.8 (1.3) 197.1 194.8 1.2 
 Note: Other primarily includes Red Seal and Husky . Oral tobacco products shipment volume includes cans and packs sold, as well as promotional units, but excludes international volume, which is currently not material to our oral tobacco products segment. New types of oral tobacco products, as well as new packaging configurations of existing oral tobacco products, may or may not be equivalent to existing MST products on a can-for-can basis. To calculate volumes of cans and packs shipped, one pack of snus or one can of oral nicotine pouches, irrespective of the number of pouches in the pack or can, is assumed to be equivalent to one can of MST. 
 The following table summarizes our oral tobacco products segment s retail share performance (excluding international volume): 
 Retail Share For the Nine Months Ended September 30, For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Percentage Point Change 2024 2023 Percentage Point Change Copenhagen 19.4 24.1 (4.7) 18.7 23.0 (4.3) Skoal 7.7 9.6 (1.9) 7.4 9.1 (1.7) on! 8.0 6.8 1.2 8.9 6.9 2.0 Other 2.7 2.9 (0.2) 2.6 2.8 (0.2) Total oral tobacco products 37.8 43.4 (5.6) 37.6 41.8 (4.2) 
 Note: Our oral tobacco products segment s retail share results exclude international volume, which is currently not material to our oral tobacco products segment. Retail share results for oral tobacco products are based on data from Circana, a tracking service that uses a sample of stores to project market share and depict share trends. This service tracks sales in the food, drug, mass merchandisers, convenience, military, dollar store and club trade classes on the number of cans and packs sold. Oral tobacco products are defined by Circana as domestic tobacco derived oral products, in the form of MST, snus and oral nicotine pouches. New types of oral tobacco products, as well as new packaging configurations of existing oral tobacco products, may or may not be equivalent to existing MST products on a can-for-can basis. For example, one pack of snus or one can of oral nicotine pouches, irrespective of the number of pouches in the pack or can, is assumed to be equivalent to one can of MST. Because this service represents retail share performance only in key trade channels, it should not be considered a precise measurement of actual retail share. It is the standard practice of retail services to periodically refresh their retail scan services, which could restate retail share results that were previously released in these services. 
 For a discussion of volume trends and factors that impact volume and retail share performance, see Operating Results by Business Segment - Business Environment - Summary above. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Our oral tobacco products segment s reported domestic shipment volume decreased 1.3 , primarily driven by retail share losses and trade inventory movements, partially offset by the industry s growth rate, calendar differences and other factors. When adjusted for calendar differences and trade inventory movements, our oral tobacco products segment s reported domestic shipment volume decreased by an estimated 2.5 . 
 Total oral tobacco products category industry volume increased by an estimated 7.5 over the six months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by growth in oral nicotine pouches, partially offset by declines in MST volumes. 
 Our oral tobacco products segment s retail share was 37.8 , as share declines for MST products were partially offset by oral nicotine pouch segment share growth. 
 The U.S. nicotine pouch category grew to 41.9 of the U.S. oral tobacco category, an increase of 12.4 share points versus the prior year. In addition, on! s share of the nicotine pouch category was 19.1 , a decrease of 3.8 share points versus the prior year. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Our oral tobacco products segment s reported domestic shipment volume increased 1.2 , driven primarily by industry s growth rate, calendar differences and other factors, partially offset by retail share losses and trade inventory movements. When adjusted for calendar differences and trade inventory movements, our oral tobacco products segment s reported domestic shipment volume decreased by an estimated 1 . 
 Our oral tobacco products segment s retail share was 37.6 , as share declines for MST products were partially offset by oral nicotine pouch segment share growth. 
 Total U.S. oral tobacco category share for on! nicotine pouches was 8.9 , an increase of 2.0 share points versus the prior year and 0.8 share points sequentially. 
 The U.S. nicotine pouch category grew to 43.9 of the U.S. oral tobacco category, an increase of 11.4 share points versus the prior year. In addition, on! s share of the nicotine pouch category was 20.3 , a decrease of 0.9 share points versus the prior year and an increase of 0.9 share points sequentially. 
 Pricing Actions 
 USSTC and Helix executed the following pricing actions during 2024 and 2023: 
 Effective August 25, 2024, Helix increased the list price on its on! brand by 0.10 per can. 
 Effective July 23, 2024, USSTC increased the list price on its Copenhagen , Skoal and Red Seal brands by 0.10 per can. 
 Effective April 23, 2024, USSTC increased the list price on its Copenhagen , Skoal and Red Seal brands by 0.10 per can. 
 Effective January 23, 2024, USSTC increased the list price on its Copenhagen , Skoal and Red Seal brands by 0.11 per can. 
 Effective August 22, 2023, USSTC increased the list price on its Copenhagen, Red Seal and Skoal brands by 0.09 per can. In addition, USSTC decreased the list price on select Husky brands by 0.18 per can. 
 Effective July 23, 2023, Helix increased the list price on its on! brand by 0.09 per can. 
 Effective April 25, 2023, USSTC increased the list price on its Copenhagen popular price products , Red Seal and Husky brands by 0.09 per can. In addition, USSTC increased the list price on its Skoal brands and on the balance of its Copenhagen brands by 0.10 per can. 
 Effective January 24, 2023, USSTC increased the list price on its Copenhagen, Skoal, Red Seal and Husky brands by 0.09 per can. 
 
 E-Vapor 
 Our NJOY e-vapor business is reported in our all other category. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Reported domestic shipment volumes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 for NJOY consumables (1) and devices were 33.8 million units and 3.9 million units, respectively. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 NJOY retail share of consumables in the U.S. multi-outlet and convenience channel was 5.3 . 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Reported domestic shipment volumes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 for NJOY consumables (1) increased 15.6 versus the prior year to 10.4 million units. Reported domestic shipment volume for the three months ended September 30, 2024 for NJOY devices increased 100+ versus the prior year to 1.1 million units. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, NJOY retail share of consumables in the U.S. multi-outlet and convenience channel increased 2.8 share points versus the prior year to 6.2 . 
 (1) E-vapor shipment volume includes NJOY ACE pods and NJOY DAILY disposables. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We are a holding company that is primarily dependent on the capital resources of our subsidiaries to satisfy our liquidity requirements. Our access to the operating cash flows of our subsidiaries consists of cash received from the payment of dividends and distributions and the payment of interest on intercompany loans. At September 30, 2024, our significant subsidiaries were not limited by contractual obligations in their ability to pay cash dividends or make other distributions with 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 respect to their equity interests. In addition, we receive cash dividends on our interest in ABI and will continue to do so as long as we hold shares in ABI and ABI pays dividends. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 1.9 billion of cash and cash equivalents. In addition to having access to the operating cash flows of our subsidiaries, our capital resources include access to credit markets in the form of commercial paper, availability under our 3.0 billion senior unsecured 5-year revolving credit agreement Credit Agreement ), which we use for general corporate purposes, and access to credit markets through the issuance of long-term senior unsecured notes. For additional information, see Capital Markets and Other Matters below. 
 In addition to funding current operations, we primarily use our net cash from operating activities for payment of dividends, share repurchases under our share repurchase programs, repayment of debt, acquisitions of or investments in businesses and assets and capital expenditures. 
 We believe our cash and cash equivalents balance, along with our future cash flows from operations, capacity for borrowings under our Credit Agreement and access to credit and capital markets, provide sufficient liquidity to meet the needs of our business operations and to satisfy our projected cash requirements for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. 
 Capital Markets and Other Matters 
 Credit Ratings - Our cost and terms of financing and our access to commercial paper markets may be impacted by applicable credit ratings. The impact of credit ratings on the cost of borrowings under our Credit Agreement is discussed in Note 12. Debt to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 Note 12 ). 
 At September 30, 2024, the credit ratings and outlook for our indebtedness by major credit rating agencies were: 
 Short-term Debt Long-term Debt Outlook Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Moody s P-2 A3 Negative Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC S P A-2 BBB Positive Fitch Ratings Inc. F2 BBB Stable 
 Credit Lines - From time to time, we have short-term borrowing needs to meet our working capital requirements arising from the timing of payments under State Settlement Agreements, quarterly income tax payments and quarterly dividend payments, and generally use our commercial paper program to meet those needs. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had availability under our Credit Agreement for borrowings of up to an aggregate principal amount of 3.0 billion, and we were in compliance with the covenants in our Credit Agreement. We monitor the credit quality of our bank group and do not know of any potential non-performing credit provider in that group. For further discussion on short-term borrowings, see Note 12. 
 Long-Term Debt - At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our total long-term debt was 25.2 billion and 26.2 billion, respectively. During the first quarter of 2024, we repaid in full at maturity our 4.000 and 3.800 senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amounts of 776 million and 345 million, respectively. For further details on long-term debt, see Note 12. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 At September 30, 2024, our debt-to-Consolidated net earnings and debt-to-Consolidated EBITDA ratios were calculated as follows: 
 For the Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 (1) 
 (in millions) Consolidated net earnings 10,285 Interest and other debt expense, net 1,013 Provision for income taxes 3,331 Depreciation and amortization 291 EBITDA 14,920 (Income) loss from investments in equity securities and noncontrolling interests, net (668) Dividends from less than 50 owned affiliates 139 Gain on the sale of IQOS System commercialization rights 
 (2,700) Asset impairment 354 Consolidated EBITDA 12,045 Current portion of long-term debt (2) 
 1,585 Long-term debt (2 
 23,570 Total Debt 25,155 Total Debt / Consolidated net earnings 2.4 Total Debt / Consolidated EBITDA 2.1 
 (1) Calculated as of the end of the applicable quarter on a rolling four quarters basis. 
 (2) Balance at September 30, 2024. 
 ABI Transaction - As discussed in Note 6, in March 2024, we received pre-tax cash proceeds from the ABI Transaction of approximately 2.4 billion and paid transaction costs of approximately 62 million. We used the proceeds from the ABI Transaction to fund the ASR transactions discussed below. 
 NJOY Contingent Payments - In the second quarter of 2024, the FDA issued MGOs for four NJOY e-vapor menthol products. As a result, we became obligated to make cash payments totaling 250 million under the acquisition agreement, which we made in July 2024. For further discussion on the NJOY contingent payments, see Note 2 . 
 Guarantees and Other Similar Matters - As discussed in Note 14, we had unused letters of credit obtained in the ordinary course of business and guarantees (including third-party guarantees) outstanding at September 30, 2024. From time to time, we also issue lines of credit to affiliated entities. As further discussed in Note 4. Supplier Financing to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 and Note 14, as part of the supplier financing program, Altria guarantees the financial obligations of Altria Client Services LLC under the financing program agreement. In addition, as discussed below in Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information and in Note 12, PM USA guarantees our obligations under our outstanding debt securities, any borrowings under our Credit Agreement and any amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program. These items have not had, and are not expected to have, a significant impact on our liquidity. 
 Payments Under State Settlement Agreements and FDA Regulation - PM USA has entered into State Settlement Agreements with the states, the District of Columbia and certain U.S. territories that call for certain payments. In addition, PM USA, Middleton and USSTC are subject to quarterly user fees imposed by the FDA as a result of the FSPTCA. For further discussion of State Settlement Agreements, see Health Care Cost Recovery Litigation in Note 14. 
 Based on current agreements, estimated market share, estimated annual industry volume decline rates and inflation rates, the estimated amounts that we may charge to cost of sales for payments related to State Settlement Agreements and FDA user fees are 3.5 billion on average for the next three years. The estimated amount for 2024 includes PM USA s obligations under the State Settlement Agreements to pay settling plaintiffs attorneys fees. We expect PM USA s obligation to pay these fees will terminate in the fourth quarter of 2024. In addition, the amount excludes the potential impact of any NPM Adjustment Items. 
 The estimated amounts due under the State Settlement Agreements charged to cost of sales in each year are generally paid in April of the following year. The amounts charged to cost of sales for FDA user fees are generally paid in the quarter in which the fees are incurred. We paid approximately 3.3 billion and 3.5 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in connection with the State Settlement Agreements and FDA user fees, primarily all of which was paid in 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 the second quarter of each period. We recorded 2.9 billion and 3.0 billion of charges to cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 0.9 billion and 1.0 billion of charges to cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in connection with the State Settlement Agreements and FDA user fees. The payments due under the terms of the State Settlement Agreements and FDA user fees are subject to adjustment for several factors, including volume, operating income, inflation and certain contingent events and, in general, are allocated based on each manufacturer s market share. The future payment amounts discussed above are estimates, and actual payment amounts will differ to the extent underlying assumptions differ from actual future results. For further discussion on the potential impact of inflation on future payments, see Operating Results by Business Segment - Business Environment - State Settlement Agreements above. 
 Litigation-Related Deposits and Payments - With respect to certain adverse verdicts currently on appeal, to obtain stays of judgments pending appeals, as of September 30, 2024, PM USA had posted appeal bonds totaling 31 million, which have been collateralized with restricted cash that is included in assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 Litigation is subject to uncertainty, and an adverse outcome or settlement of litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year, as more fully disclosed in Note 14. 
 Equity and Dividends 
 During the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, we paid dividends of 5,108 million and 5,040 million, respectively, an increase of 1.3 , reflecting a higher dividend rate, partially offset by fewer shares outstanding as a result of shares we repurchased under our share repurchase programs. 
 In August 2024, our Board of Directors approved a 4.1 increase in the quarterly dividend rate to 1.02 per share of our common stock versus the previous rate of 0.98 per share. Our current annualized dividend rate is 4.08 per share. We have a progressive dividend goal targeting mid-single digits dividend growth annually through 2028. Future dividend payments remain subject to the discretion of our Board. 
 ASR - In March 2024, we increased our 1.0 billion share repurchase program to 3.4 billion and entered into the ASR transactions. In the first half of 2024, we paid 2.4 billion for the repurchase of our common stock in the ASR transactions. We funded the ASR transactions with proceeds from the ABI Transaction. 
 For further discussion of our share repurchase programs, see Note 1 and Part II, Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds of this Form 10-Q. 
 Financial Review 
 Cash Provided by/Used in Operating Activities 
 During the first nine months of 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was 5,413 million compared with 6,060 million during the first nine months of 2023. This decrease was due primarily to payments for certain transferable income tax credits, higher litigation payments and a portion of the NJOY contingent payments 140 million). 
 We had a working capital deficit at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and believe we have the ability to fund working capital deficits with cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under our Credit Agreement and access to the credit and capital markets. 
 Cash Provided by/Used in Investing Activities 
 During the first nine months of 2024, net cash provided by investing activities was 2,238 million compared with net cash used in investing activities of 1,217 million during the first nine months of 2023. This change was due primarily to proceeds from the ABI Transaction in 2024 and the NJOY Transaction in 2023, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of IQOS System commercialization rights in 2023. 
 Capital expenditures for 2024 are expected to be in the range of 125 million to 175 million, a reduction from the previous range of 175 million to 225 million, and are expected to be funded from operating cash flows. 
 Cash Provided by/Used in Financing Activities 
 During the first nine months of 2024, net cash used in financing activities was 9,444 million compared with 7,353 million during the first nine months of 2023. This increase was due to higher share repurchases in 2024 and a portion of the NJOY contingent payments 110 million), partially offset by lower repayments of long-term debt in 2024. 
 New Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted 
 See Note 15. New Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 for a discussion of issued accounting guidance applicable to, but not yet adopted by, us. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Contingencies 
 See Note 14 for a discussion of contingencies. 
 
 Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information 
 PM USA Guarantor ), which is a 100 owned subsidiary of Altria Group, Inc. Parent ), has guaranteed the Parent s obligations under its outstanding debt securities, borrowings under its Credit Agreement and amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program Guarantees ). Pursuant to the Guarantees, the Guarantor fully and unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor, the payment and performance of the Parent s obligations under the guaranteed debt instruments Obligations ), subject to release under certain customary circumstances as noted below. 
 The Guarantees provide that the Guarantor guarantees the punctual payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of the Obligations. The liability of the Guarantor under the Guarantees is absolute and unconditional irrespective of: any lack of validity, enforceability or genuineness of any provision of any agreement or instrument relating thereto; any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from any agreement or instrument relating thereto; any exchange, release or non-perfection of any collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other guarantee, for all or any of the Obligations; or any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Parent or the Guarantor. 
 Under applicable provisions of federal bankruptcy law or comparable provisions of state fraudulent transfer law, the Guarantees could be voided, or claims in respect of the Guarantees could be subordinated to the debts of the Guarantor, if, among other things, the Guarantor, at the time it incurred the Obligations evidenced by the Guarantees: 
 received less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration therefor; and 
 either: 
 was insolvent or rendered insolvent by reason of such occurrence; 
 was engaged in a business or transaction for which the assets of the Guarantor constituted unreasonably small capital; or 
 intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. 
 In addition, under such circumstances, the payment of amounts by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantees could be voided and required to be returned to the Guarantor, or to a fund for the benefit of the Guarantor, as the case may be. 
 The measures of insolvency for purposes of the foregoing considerations will vary depending upon the law applied in any proceeding with respect to the foregoing. Generally, however, the Guarantor would be considered insolvent if: 
 the sum of its debts, including contingent liabilities, was greater than the saleable value of its assets, all at a fair valuation; 
 the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its probable liability on its existing debts, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or 
 it could not pay its debts as they become due. 
 To the extent the Guarantees are voided as a fraudulent conveyance or held unenforceable for any other reason, the holders of the guaranteed debt obligations would not have any claim against the Guarantor and would be creditors solely of the Parent. 
 The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantees are limited to the maximum amount as will not result in the Guarantor s obligations under the Guarantees constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of the Guarantor that are relevant under Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to the Guarantees. For this purpose, Bankruptcy Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. 
 The Guarantor will be unconditionally released and discharged from the Obligations upon the earliest to occur of: 
 the date, if any, on which the Guarantor consolidates with or merges into the Parent or any successor; 
 the date, if any, on which the Parent or any successor consolidates with or merges into the Guarantor; 
 the payment in full of the Obligations pertaining to such Guarantees; and 
 the rating of the Parent s long-term senior unsecured debt by S P of A or higher. 
 The Parent is a holding company; therefore, its access to the operating cash flows of its wholly owned subsidiaries consists of cash received from the payment of dividends and distributions, and the payment of interest on intercompany loans by its subsidiaries. Neither the Guarantor nor other 100 owned subsidiaries of the Parent that are not guarantors of the debt Non- 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Guarantor Subsidiaries are limited by contractual obligations on their ability to pay cash dividends or make other distributions with respect to their equity interests. 
 The following tables include summarized financial information for the Parent and the Guarantor. Transactions between the Parent and the Guarantor (including investment and intercompany balances as well as equity earnings) have been eliminated. The Parent s and the Guarantor s intercompany balances with Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries have been presented separately. This summarized financial information is not intended to present the financial position or results of operations of the Parent or the Guarantor in accordance with GAAP. 
 Summarized Balance Sheets 
 (in millions of dollars) 
 Parent Guarantor September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Due from Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 316 316 Other current assets 2,324 4,052 726 678 Total current assets 2,324 4,052 1,042 994 Due from Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 6,561 6,561 Other assets 7,971 9,797 1,319 1,334 Total non-current assets 14,532 16,358 1,319 1,334 Liabilities Due to Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 3,560 2,548 1,199 1,081 Other current liabilities 3,839 3,708 3,254 3,665 Total current liabilities 7,399 6,256 4,453 4,746 Total non-current liabilities 26,436 27,876 585 590 
 
 Summarized Statements of Earnings (Losses) 
 (in millions of dollars) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Parent (1) 
 Guarantor (2) 
 Net revenues 15,049 Gross profit 8,590 Net earnings (losses) (350) 5,803 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net earnings (losses) include 276 million of intercompany interest income from non-guarantor subsidiaries and 333 million of interest expense from non-guarantor subsidiaries. 
 (2) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net earnings (losses) include 218 million of intercompany interest income from non-guarantor subsidiaries. 
 
 Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future Results 
 Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements 
 This Form 10-Q contains statements concerning our expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance and other statements that are not historical facts. You can identify these forward-looking statements by use of words such as strategy, expects, continues, plans, anticipates, believes, will, estimates, forecasts, intends, projects, goals, objectives, guidance, targets and other words of similar meaning. You can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans, estimates and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying estimates or assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind as you consider our forward-looking statements and whether to invest in or remain invested in our securities. In connection with the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we are identifying important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes, including with respect to our ability to achieve our Vision, to differ materially from those contained in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements we make. Any such statement is qualified by reference to the following cautionary statements. We elaborate on these important factors and the risks we face throughout this Form 10-Q, particularly in the Executive Summary and Business Environment sections preceding our discussion of the operating results of our segments above, and in our other publicly filed reports, including our 2023 Form 10-K. These factors and risks include the following: 
 our inability to anticipate and respond to changes in adult tobacco consumer preferences and purchase behavior; 
 our inability to compete effectively; 
 the growth of the e-vapor category, including illicit disposable e-vapor products, which contributes to reductions in domestic cigarette consumption levels and shipment volume; 
 the risks associated with illicit trade in tobacco products (including counterfeit products, illegally imported products, illicit disposable e-vapor products and oral nicotine pouch products) and the sale of products designed to avoid the regulatory framework for tobacco products, such as products using nicotine analogues, each of which contribute to reductions in the consumption levels and shipment volumes of our businesses products; 
 our failure to develop and commercialize innovative products, including tobacco products that may reduce health risks relative to other tobacco products and appeal to adult tobacco consumers; 
 changes, including in macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions (including inflation), that result in shifts in adult tobacco consumer disposable income and purchasing behavior, including choosing lower-priced and discount brands or products, and reductions in shipment volumes; 
 unfavorable outcomes with respect to litigation proceedings or any governmental investigations, including significant monetary and non-monetary remedies and importation bans; 
 the risks associated with significant federal, state and local government actions, including FDA regulatory actions and inaction, and various private sector actions; 
 increases in tobacco product-related taxes; 
 our failure to complete or manage successfully strategic transactions, including the NJOY Transaction and other acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures and investments in third parties, or realize the anticipated benefits of such transactions; 
 significant changes in price, availability or quality of tobacco, other raw materials or component parts, including as a result of changes in macroeconomic, climate and geopolitical conditions; 
 our reliance on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers, distributors and distribution chain service providers and the risks associated with an extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier, distributor or distribution chain service provider; 
 the risk that we may be required to write down intangible assets, including trademarks and goodwill, due to impairment; 
 the risk that we could decide, or be required, to recall products; 
 the various risks related to health epidemics and pandemics and the measures that international, federal, state and local governments, agencies, law enforcement and health authorities implement to address them; 
 our inability to attract and retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce due to the decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage, tobacco control actions and other factors; 
 the risks associated with the various U.S. and foreign laws and regulations to which we are subject due to our international business operations; 
 the risks concerning a challenge to our tax positions, an increase in the income tax rate or other changes to federal or state tax laws; 
 the risks associated with legal and regulatory requirements related to climate change and other environmental sustainability matters; 
 disruption and uncertainty in the credit and capital markets, including risk of losing access to these markets; 
 a downgrade or potential downgrade of our credit ratings; 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 our inability to attract investors due to increasing investor expectations of our performance relating to corporate responsibility factors, including environmental, social and governance matters; 
 the failure of our, or our key service providers or key suppliers , information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches affecting us or our key service providers or key suppliers; 
 our failure, or the failure of our key service providers or key suppliers, to comply with laws related to personal data protection, privacy, artificial intelligence and information security; 
 our ability to recognize the expected cost savings in connection with the Initiative or successfully reinvest those savings in our businesses in support of our Vision and 2028 Enterprise Goals, in each case, in the expected manner or time frame or at all; 
 the risk that the expected benefits of our investment in ABI may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all, including due to macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions; foreign currency exchange rates; ABI s business results; ABI s share price; impairment losses on the value of our investment; our incurrence of additional tax liabilities related to our investment in ABI; and reductions in the number of directors that we can have appointed to the ABI board of directors; and 
 the risks associated with our investment in Cronos, including legal, regulatory and reputational risks and the risk that the expected benefits of the transaction may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all. 
 You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all factors and risks. Consequently, you should not consider the foregoing list to be complete. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time except as required by applicable law. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The fair value of our long-term debt, all of which is fixed-rate debt, is subject to fluctuations resulting primarily from changes in market interest rates. The following table provides the fair value of our long-term debt and the change in fair value based on a 1 increase or decrease in market interest rates at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 (in billions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Fair value 24.0 24.4 Decrease in fair value from a 1 increase in market interest rates 1.9 1.9 Increase in fair value from a 1 decrease in market interest rates 2.2 2.2 
 We expect interest rates on borrowings under our Credit Agreement to be based on the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate, plus a percentage based on the higher of the ratings of our long-term senior unsecured debt from Moody s and S P. The applicable percentage for borrowings under our Credit Agreement at September 30, 2024 was 1.0 based on our long-term senior unsecured debt ratings on that date. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had no borrowings under our Credit Agreement. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 We carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Part II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 14 for a discussion of legal proceedings pending against us. See also Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Information regarding Risk Factors appears in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2023 Form 10-K. There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 In January 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a 1.0 billion share repurchase program that it increased to 3.4 billion in March 2024 (as increased, January 2024 share repurchase program ). We expect to complete the program by December 31, 2024. The timing of share repurchases depends upon marketplace conditions and other factors, and the program remains subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors. 
 Our share repurchase activity for each of the three months in the period ended September 30, 2024, was as follows: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1-31, 2024 4,813,800 48.05 4,813,800 758,711,760 August 1-31, 2024 4,694,454 51.07 4,692,500 519,053,962 September 1-30, 2024 4,003,761 52.34 4,003,000 309,534,422 13,512,015 50.37 13,509,300 
 (1) The total number of shares purchased includes (a) shares purchased under the January 2024 share repurchase program and (b) shares withheld by Altria in an amount equal to the statutory withholding taxes for vested stock-based awards previously granted to eligible employees (which totaled 1,954 in August and 761 in September). 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, . 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 10.1 United Kingdom Sub-Plan of the Altria Group, Inc. 2020 Performance Incentive Plan, as Amended. 
 22 Guarantor Subsidiary of the Registrant. Incorporated by reference to Altria Group, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (File No. 1-08940). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 99.1 Certain Litigation Matters. 
 99.2 Trial Schedule for Certain Cases. 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 
 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 
 101.PRE Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

73 

Signature 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 ALTRIA GROUP, INC. 
 
 /s/ SALVATORE MANCUSO 
 Salvatore Mancuso 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 October 31, 2024 
 74 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101unitedkingdomsub.htm
 UNITED KINGDOM SUB-PLAN

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 
 
 RULES OF THE UNITED KINGDOM SUB-PLAN OF THE 
 ALTRIA GROUP, INC. 2020 PERFORMANCE INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED 
 
 (Adopted by the Company s Compensation and Talent Development Committee 
 on August 20, 2024) 

Section 1. Purpose Definitions. 
 
 This United Kingdom Sub-plan UK Sub-plan is introduced pursuant to Section 7(a) of the 2020 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended Plan of Altria Group, Inc. Company and shall apply to all grants of Restricted Stock Units, Performance Stock Units, and or Incentive Awards under the Plan to residents of the United Kingdom who are employees of the Group Companies. The provisions of the Plan and United Kingdom Restricted Stock Unit Agreement RSU Agreement and or United Kingdom Performance Stock Unit Agreement PSU Agreement shall apply to all grants made under this UK Sub-plan, except to the extent that they are varied or excluded by, or are inconsistent with, the provisions hereof. No grants of Awards under the Plan shall be made to residents of the United Kingdom who are employees of the Group Companies unless they are made in compliance with this UK Sub-plan. 
 
 Terms defined in the Plan and RSU Agreement and or PSU Agreement shall have the same meaning when used in this UK Sub-plan, save as set out below, and the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 
 a. Control has the meaning given to that term by section 995 of the United Kingdom Income Tax Act 2007 
 
 b. Eligible Employee means any individual who is, at the relevant date, an employee (including an executive director) of any Group Company who is resident in the United Kingdom 
 
 c. Group Company means the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and 
 
 d. Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company within the meaning of section 1159 of the United Kingdom Companies Act 2006, over which the Company has Control. 
 
 References to any statutory provisions will, where the context so admits or requires, be construed as including references to the corresponding provisions of any earlier statute (whether repealed or not) directly or indirectly amended, consolidated, extended or replaced by those provisions (or re-enacted in those provisions) and of any subsequent statute in force at any relevant time directly or indirectly amending, consolidating, extending, replacing or re-enacting the same and will include any orders, regulations, instruments or other subordinate legislation made under the relevant statute. 
 
 Section 2. Eligibility. 
 
 Under this UK Sub-plan, notwithstanding Section 3 of the Plan, only Eligible Employees shall be eligible for the grant of Awards and such employees shall only be eligible to receive Restricted Stock Units, Performance Stock Units, and or Incentive Awards. An award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance Stock Units under this UK Sub-plan shall be granted by the execution of a RSU Agreement or PSU Agreement (as applicable) in the form approved by the Committee from time to time. 
 
 1 

Section 3. Minimum Vesting. 
 
 The words disability, retirement contained in Section 5(c) of the Plan shall be deemed to be deleted in respect of and for the purposes of Awards granted pursuant to this UK Sub-plan. 
 
 Section 4. Relationship between this UK Sub-plan and the Participant s Employment. 
 
 a. Awards granted under this UK Sub-plan shall not be subject to any profits or gains made as a result of such Awards being pensionable under any Group Company s pension arrangements. 
 b. Participation in this UK Sub-plan does not 
 i. confer upon any person any right to participate in this UK Sub-plan at any time in the future either at all or on any particular basis 
 ii. confer upon any person any right to continue their employment with any Group Company 
 iii. restrict the right of any Group Company to terminate the employment of any Participant without liability at any time with or without cause 
 iv. impose upon any person any duty to exercise any power or discretion under this UK Sub-plan to the advantage of the Participant 
 v. impose upon any Group Company or its representative agents and employees any liability whatsoever (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise howsoever) in connection with 
 1. the loss of a Participant s Award under this UK Sub-plan 
 2. the loss of an individual s eligibility to be granted Awards under this UK Sub-plan and or 
 3. the manner in which any power or discretion under this UK Sub-plan is exercised or the failure or refusal of any person to exercise any power or discretion under this UK Sub-plan or 
 vi. entitle a Participant to any additional rights to compensation upon the termination of their employment which would not have existed had this UK Sub-plan not existed, and, accordingly, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Participant s contract of employment, the Participant shall waive any rights to compensation or damages in connection with the termination of their employment with a Group Company for any reason whatsoever insofar as these rights arise or may arise from the Participant ceasing to have rights under this UK Sub-plan including the right to exercise any Award, as a result of such termination or the loss or diminution in value of such rights and or entitlements. 
 
 Section 5. Data Protection. 
 
 In connection with Awards made under this UK Sub-plan, the Company may collect, process and use personal information about the Participant and may transfer any such personal information outside or within the country in which the Participant works or is employed, including to the United States of America. Any such information will be collected, processed and transferred in accordance with the privacy notice provided to the Participant and available from the Company s legal department. The processing and transfer of personal information in order to implement, administer and manage the Plan and UK Sub-plan is justified by reasons other than consent, as set out and explained in further detail in the privacy notice. 
 2 

Section 6. Tax Liability. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, all references to any tax other than UK tax in this UK Sub-plan shall also include the tax which most nearly approximates it in the United Kingdom. 
 3 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311q32024-quarter.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A)

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certifications 
 
 I, William F. Gifford, Jr., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Altria Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s WILLIAM F. GIFFORD, JR. 
 William F. Gifford, Jr. 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312q32024-quarter.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A)

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certifications 
 
 I, Salvatore Mancuso, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Altria Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s SALVATORE MANCUSO 
 Salvatore Mancuso 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321q32024-quarter.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Altria Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William F. Gifford, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s WILLIAM F. GIFFORD, JR. 
 William F. Gifford, Jr. 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 October 31, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit322q32024-quarter.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Altria Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Salvatore Mancuso, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s SALVATORE MANCUSO 
 Salvatore Mancuso 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 October 31, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 7
 exhibit991q32024-quarter.htm
 CERTAIN LITIGATION MATTERS

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 

CERTAIN LITIGATION MATTERS 
 
 As described in Note 14. Contingencies to Altria Group, Inc. s Altria condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to which this Exhibit 99.1 is attached Note 14 ), there are legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters pending or threatened in various United States and foreign jurisdictions against Altria, its subsidiaries, including Philip Morris USA Inc. PM USA ), and their respective indemnitees. Various types of claims may be raised in these proceedings, including product liability, unfair trade practices, antitrust, tax, contraband shipments, patent infringement, employment matters, claims alleging violation of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, claims for contribution and claims of competitors, shareholders or distributors. Claims related to tobacco products generally fall within the following categories (i) smoking and health cases alleging personal injury brought on behalf of individual plaintiffs, (ii) smoking and health cases primarily alleging personal injury or seeking court-supervised programs for ongoing medical monitoring and purporting to be brought on behalf of a class of individual plaintiffs, including cases in which the aggregated claims of a number of individual plaintiffs are to be tried in a single proceeding, (iii) health care cost recovery cases brought by governmental (both domestic and foreign) plaintiffs seeking reimbursement for health care expenditures allegedly caused by cigarette smoking and or disgorgement of profits, (iv) class action suits alleging that the use of the terms Lights and Ultra Lights constitute deceptive and unfair trade practices, common law fraud or statutory fraud, unjust enrichment, breach of warranty, or violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, (v) class action suits involving e-vapor products and (vi) international cases. The following lists certain of the pending claims against Altria and PM USA included in these and other categories. 
 
 SMOKING AND HEALTH LITIGATION 
 The following lists the consolidated individual smoking and health cases as well as smoking and health class actions pending against PM USA and, in some cases, Altria and or its other subsidiaries and affiliates, as of October 28, 2024. See International Cases below for a list of smoking and health class actions pending in Canada. 
 Flight Attendant Litigation 
 The settlement agreement entered into in 1997 in the case of Broin, et al. v. Philip Morris Companies Inc., et al. , which was brought by flight attendants seeking damages for personal injuries allegedly caused by environmental tobacco smoke, allowed members of the Broin class to file individual lawsuits seeking compensatory damages, but prohibited them from seeking punitive damages. See Note 14 for a discussion of this litigation. 
 Domestic Class Actions 
 Engle, et al. v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., et al., Circuit Court, Eleventh Judicial Circuit, Dade County, Florida, filed May 5, 1994. See Note 14 for a discussion of this case (which has concluded) and the Engle progeny litigation. 
 Young, et al. v. The American Tobacco Company, et al., Civil District Court, Orleans Parish, Louisiana, filed November 12, 1997. 
 
 HEALTH CARE COST RECOVERY LITIGATION 
 The following lists a health care cost recovery action pending against PM USA and Altria as of October 28, 2024. See International Cases below for a list of international health care cost recovery actions. 
 Department of Justice Case 
 The United States of America v. Philip Morris Incorporated, et al., United States District Court, District of Columbia, filed September 22, 1999 . See Note 14 for a discussion of this case. 
 
 LIGHTS ULTRA LIGHTS CASES 
 The following lists the Lights Ultra Lights class actions pending against Altria and or its various subsidiaries and others as of October 28, 2024. 
 Moore, et al. v. Philip Morris Incorporated, et al., Circuit Court, Marshall County, West Virginia, filed September 17, 2001. 
 Virden v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., Circuit Court, Hancock County, West Virginia, filed March 28, 2003. 
 
 1 

CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS INVOLVING E-VAPOR PRODUCTS 
 The following lists class action lawsuits relating to e-vapor products that are pending against Altria and or its various subsidiaries and others as of October 28, 2024. 
 NesSmith, et al. v. JUUL Labs Inc., et al., United States District Court, Middle District of Florida, filed April 15, 2019. 
 Emidy et al. v. JUUL Labs, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Western District of Tennessee, filed October 2, 2019. 
 Charleen Richey, On Behalf Of Her Son, T.Y., Individually And On Behalf Of Others Similarly Situated v. Juul Labs Inc. et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed March 31, 2021. 
 Vickie Perry, On Behalf Of Her Daughter LP, individually and on behalf of others similarly situated v. Juul Labs Inc. et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed March 31, 2021. 
 Adam Jenkins, On Behalf Of His Son, M.R.J., Individually And On Behalf Of Others Similarly Situated v. Juul Labs Inc. et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed March 30, 2021. 
 Erin Puente, individually and On Behalf Of Others Similarly Situated, v. Juul Labs Inc. et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed March 30, 2021. 
 Shannon Kinnard, individually and On Behalf Of Others Similarly Situated, v. Juul Labs Inc. et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed March 30, 2021. 
 John Hollis, individually and On Behalf Of Others Similarly Situated, v. Juul Labs Inc. et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed March 30, 2021. 
 Wolfgang and Suzanne Ziegenhagen on behalf of their son, H.Z. individually and on behalf of others similarly situated v. Juul Labs Inc. et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed March 30, 2021. 
 Janis Kelly on behalf of her son, C.J.W., individually and on behalf of others similarly situated v. Juul Labs Inc. et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed March 30, 2021. 
 Coleman Holniker, individually and On Behalf of Others Similarly Situated, v. Juul Labs Inc. et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed March 31, 2021. 
 Addison Altizer, individually and On Behalf Of Others Similarly Situated, v. Juul Labs Inc. et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed March 31, 2021. 
 Nicholas Vogel, on behalf of his son, E.V., individually and on behalf of others similarly situated v. Juul Labs Inc. et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed May 13, 2021. 
 See Note 14 for a discussion of these cases. 
 
 IQOS LITIGATION 
 RAI Strategic Holdings, Inc., et al. v. Altria Client Services LLC, et al., United States District Court, Eastern District of Virginia, filed April 9, 2020. 
 Healthier Choices Management Corp. v. Philip Morris USA Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of Georgia, filed November 30, 2020. 
 See Note 14 for a discussion of these cases. 
 
 ANTITRUST LITIGATION 
 Reece, et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed April 7, 2020. 
 Blomquist, et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed April 13, 2020. 
 Martinez, et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed April 14, 2020. 
 Deadwyler, et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed April 20, 2020. 
 Licari, et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed April 21, 2020. 
 Flannery, et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed April 27, 2020. 
 Larimore, et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed April 30, 2020. 
 Walsh, et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed May 8, 2020. 
 Redfield, et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed May 15, 2020. 
 2 

Carlson, et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed May 21, 2020. 
 B&C Retail, Inc., et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed June 11, 2020. 
 Sofijon, Inc., et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed June 11, 2020. 
 Noor Baig, Inc., et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed June 11, 2020. 
 Jackson, et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed June 25, 2020. 
 McGhee, et al. v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., United States District Court, Northern District of California, filed July 1, 2020. 
 
 INTERNATIONAL CASES 
 The following lists cases pending against Altria and or its subsidiaries in foreign jurisdictions as of October 28, 2024. 
 Canada 
 O Donnell, et. al. v. JUUL Labs, Canada, Ltd., et al., Ontario, Ontario Superior Court, filed April 17, 2020 . E-vapor class action. 
 Salvatore, et al. v. JUUL Labs Canada, Ltd., et al., Quebec, District of Montreal Superior Court, filed June 12, 2019. E-vapor class action. 
 Stephens, et al. v. JUUL Labs, Inc., et al., British Columbia, Canada Supreme Court, filed October 1, 2019. E-vapor class action. 
 Her Majesty the Queen in Right of British Columbia v. Imperial Tobacco Limited, et al., Supreme Court, British Columbia, Vancouver Registry, Canada, filed January 24, 2001. Health care cost recovery action. 
 Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of New Brunswick v. Rothmans, Inc., et al., Court of Queen s Bench of New Brunswick Judicial District of Fredericton, Canada, filed March 13, 2008. Health care cost recovery action. 
 Dorion v. Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers Council, et al., Court of Queen s Bench of Alberta, Judicial District of Calgary, Canada, filed on or about June 17, 2009 . Smoking and health class action. 
 Semple v. Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers Council, et al., Supreme Court of Nova Scotia, Canada, filed on or about June 18, 2009. Smoking and health class action. 
 Kunka v. Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers Council, et al., Court of Queen s Bench of Manitoba, Winnipeg Judicial Centre, Canada, filed on an unknown date in June 2009 . Smoking and health class action. 
 Adams v. Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers Council, et al., Court of Queen s Bench for Saskatchewan, Judicial Centre of Regina, Canada, filed on or about July 10, 2009. Smoking and health class action. 
 Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Ontario v. Rothmans Inc., et al., Superior Court of Justice of Ontario, Canada, filed on or about September 30, 2009. Health care cost recovery action. 
 Bourassa v. Imperial Tobacco Canada Limited, et al., Supreme Court of British Columbia, Victoria Registry, Canada, filed on or about June 25, 2010. Smoking and health class action. 
 McDermid v. Imperial Tobacco Canada Limited, et al., Supreme Court of British Columbia, Victoria Registry, Canada, filed on or about June 25, 2010. Smoking and health class action. 
 Attorney General of Newfoundland and Labrador v. Rothmans Inc., et al., Supreme Court of Newfoundland and Labrador, Trial Division, Canada, filed February 8, 2011 . Health care cost recovery action. 
 Attorney General of Quebec v. Imperial Tobacco Canada Limited, et al., Superior Court of Quebec, Montreal District, Canada, filed June 8, 2012 . Health care cost recovery action. 
 Her Majesty in Right of Alberta v. Altria Group, Inc., et al., Court of Queen s Bench of Alberta, Judicial District of Calgary, Canada, filed June 8, 2012 . Health care cost recovery action. 
 Her Majesty the Queen in the Right of Manitoba v. Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc., et al., Court of Queen s Bench of Manitoba, Winnipeg Judicial Centre, Canada, filed May 31, 2012. Health care cost recovery action. 
 Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Saskatchewan v. Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc., et al., Court of Queen s Bench of Saskatchewan, Judicial Centre of Saskatoon, Canada, filed on June 8, 2012. Health care cost recovery action. 
 3 

Her Majesty in the Right of the Province of Prince Edward Island v. Rothmans, Benson & Hedges, Inc., et al., Supreme Court of Prince Edward Island, filed on September 10, 2012. Health care cost recovery action . 
 Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of Nova Scotia v. Benson & Hedges, Inc., et al., Supreme Court of Nova Scotia, filed on January 2, 2015. Health care cost recovery action. 
 Jacklin v. Canadian Tobacco Manufacturers Council et al., Ontario Superior Court of Justice, Case No. 5379412, Ontario, Canada, filed on or about June 27, 2012. Smoking and health class action. 
 See Note 14 for a discussion of these cases. 
 4 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 8
 exhibit992q32024-quarter.htm
 TRIAL SCHEDULE FOR CERTAIN CASES

Document 
 
 Exhibit 99.2 

TRIAL SCHEDULE FOR CERTAIN CASES 
 
 Below is a schedule, as of October 28, 2024, setting forth by month the number of individual smoking and health cases against Philip Morris USA Inc. that are scheduled for but not in trial through December 31, 2024. 
 
 2024 
 
 Engle progeny 
 October 0 November 1 December 0 
 
 As of October 28, 2024, there are no Engle progeny cases in trial. 
 
 Other Individual Smoking & Health 
 October 0 November 1 December 0 
 
 As of October 28, 2024, there are no non- Engle progeny cases in trial. 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mo-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 mo-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mo-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mo-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mo-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

