<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1881551_0001213900-24-100243.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6229693</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123145</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1304322</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1198232</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1633237</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1856655</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-100243.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119171625
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-100243
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Solidion Technology Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001881551
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				871993879
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41323
		FILM NUMBER:		241477298

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13355 NOEL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(972) 918-5120

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13355 NOEL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nubia Brand International Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210902

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-100243.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 ea0218514-10q_solidion.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Not applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

As of November 15, 2024, there were 
shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding. 

SOLIDION TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER
ENDED September 30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial
 Statements 
 
 1 

Item 2. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 30 

Item 3. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
 Risk 
 
 36 

Item 4. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 36 

Part II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 38 

Item 1. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 38 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 38 

Item 2. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
 Proceeds 
 
 38 

Item 3. 
 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 38 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 38 

Item 5. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 38 

Item 6. 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 39 

SIGNATURES 
 
 40 

i 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

On February 2, 2024, Nubia Brand International
Corp., a Delaware corporation Nubia and after the Transactions (as defined below), the Combined Company or
 Solidion Technology, Inc. ), consummated a merger (the Closing pursuant to a Merger Agreement, dated February
16, 2023 (as amended on August 25, 2023, the Merger Agreement ), by and among Nubia, Honeycomb Battery Company, an Ohio corporation HBC ), and Nubia Merger Sub, Inc., an Ohio corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Nubia Merger Sub ).
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into HBC (the Merger, and the transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement, the Transactions ), with HBC surviving such merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Nubia, which was
renamed Solidion Technology, Inc. upon Closing. 

Unless the context otherwise
requires, the registrant and the Company refer to Nubia prior to the Closing and to the Combined Company and
its subsidiaries following the Closing and HBC and Honeycomb refers to Honeycomb Battery Company and
its subsidiaries prior to the Closing and the business of the Combined Company and its subsidiaries following the Closing. 

The Company s common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), is now listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol STI .
The Company s Public Warrants to purchase Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, previously listed under ticker
 NUBIW , were delisted from the Nasdaq. The unaudited condensed consolidated and combined financial statements included herein
reflect the operations of HBC for prior periods, as HBC is the accounting acquirer and predecessor. Until the Merger, Nubia neither engaged
in any operations nor generated any revenue, and based on its business activities, Nubia was a shell company as defined
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

ii 

PART I 

PART I - FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

Item
1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

SOLIDION TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED BALANCE
SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 
 December 31, 2023 
(unaudited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 
 
 -

Total Current Assets 

Property and Equipment, net of depreciation 

Patents, net of amortization 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 
 
 -

Excise tax payable 
 
 -

Derivative liabilities 
 
 -

Due to related party 

Convertible notes 
 
 -

Short-term notes payable 
 
 -

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Stock subscription receivable 
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated and combined financial statements. 

1 

SOLIDION TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(unAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Net sales 
 -

-

Cost of goods sold 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Gross profit 
 -

-

Operating Expenses 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other Income (Expense) 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 
 -

-

Loss on issuance of common stock and warrants 
 
 -

-

Interest income 
 
 -

-

Interest expense 
 
 -

-

Other income (expense) 

Total other income (expense) 

Net Income (loss) 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding, basic 

Basic net income (loss) per share of common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated and combined financial statements. 

2 

SOLIDION TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

CONDENSED
Consolidated AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERs (DEFICIT) EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Additional 
 
 Stock 
 Stockholders 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Subscription 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Receivable 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2024 

Shares issued from exercise of Series A Warrants 

Shares issued from exercise of Series B Warrants 

Issuance of common stock for Forward Purchase Agreement 

Issuance of common stock for Forward Purchase Agreement Compensation 

Private Placement 

Stock-based compensation to consultant 

Issuance costs in connection with the Private Placement 

Stock-based compensation 

Net Loss 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Additional 
 
 Stock 
 Stockholders 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Subscription 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Receivable 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 

Retroactive application of recapitalization to December 31, 2023 

Adjusted beginning balance 

Balance at January 1, 2024, after retroactive application of recapitalization 

Capital contributions from related party 

Issuance of common stock upon consummation of the Merger 

Conversion of convertible notes into common stock upon consummation of the Merger 

Stock subscription receivable 

Earnout Arrangement 

Contingent consideration 

Shares issued from exercise of Series A Warrants 

Shares issued from exercise of Series B Warrants 

Issuance of common stock for Forward Purchase Agreement 

Issuance of common stock for Forward Purchase Agreement Compensation 

Private Placements 

Stock-based compensation to consultant 

Issuance costs in connection with the Private Placement 

Stock-based compensation 

Net Loss 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Additional 
 
 Stockholders 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 

Contributions and net transfers with related parties 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Additional 
 
 Stockholders 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

Retroactive application of recapitalization to December 31, 2023 

Adjusted beginning balance 

Contributions and net transfers with related parties 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated and combined financial statements. 

3 

SOLIDION
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUdITED) 

For the 
Nine Months 
Ended 
September 30, 
2024 

For the 
Nine Months 
Ended 
September 30, 
2023 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock based compensation 

Equity compensation expense for services 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

() 

Loss on issuance of common stock and warrants 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 
 
 Other receivable 

() 

() 
 
 Inventory 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 
 
 Other current assets 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 
 
 Due to related party 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Capitalized patent costs 

() 

() 
 
 Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Capital contributions from Global Graphene Group 

Cash received from NUBI Trust 

Less discount payment related to Non Redemption Agreement 

() 

Less payment for reimbursement of consideration shares related to the Forward Purchase Agreement payment 

() 

Less reimbursement for Recycled Shares related to Forward Purchase Agreement 

() 

Less transaction expenses in connection with the Merger 

() 

Inflow from Merger 

Proceeds from convertible notes 

Proceeds from short-term notes 

Repayment of short term notes 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants in connection with Private Placement 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock from exercise of warrants 

Issuance costs in connection with Private Placement 

() 

Repayment of related party payable 

() 

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Net change in cash 

() 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure 

Cash paid for interest expense 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Issuance of Common Stock upon the closing of the Merger 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated and combined financial statements. 

4 

SOLIDION
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

shares of Solidion s
common stock, minus up to Holdback Shares, subject to adjustment for any additional interest or penalties related to the G3 Tax
Lien (the Closing Merger Consideration Shares at the effective time of the Merger Agreement (the Effective Time ),
plus up to an additional shares of Solidion s common stock (the Earnout Shares upon the occurrence
of the following events (or earlier upon a change of control of Solidion but subject to (and only to the extent that) the valuation of
Solidion s common stock implied by such change of control transaction meeting the respective volume weighted average price VWAP ),
as defined in the Merger Agreement, thresholds set forth below) (the Earnout Arrangement ): 

If,
prior to the expiration of the earn out periods set forth in (i)-(iii) above, there occurs any transaction resulting in a change in control,
and the corresponding valuation of Solidion s Class A common stock, calculated inclusive of the Earnout Shares to be issued under
the Earnout Arrangement, is greater than or equal to the amount set forth in (i)-(iii), as applicable, then, immediately prior to the
consummation of such change in control, the event set forth in (i)-(iii), as applicable, if not previously satisfied, shall be deemed
to have occurred, subject to the terms provided in the Merger Agreement. 

As
of September 30, 2024, none of the Earnout Shares had been earned by G3. 

5 

, which included a gain of due to the change in the fair value of derivative
liabilities and a loss due to the issuance of common stock and warrants, net cash used in operating activities of 
and as of September 30, 2024, had cash and cash equivalents of . For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded
a net loss of and net cash used in operating activities of . 

Additionally,
as of the balance sheet date and up to the date that the financial statements were issued, the Company does not have availability under
any debt agreements. The Company also expects to continue to incur net losses and net cash used in operating activities in accordance
with its operating plan and expects that expenditures will increase significantly in connection with its ongoing activities. Given the
Company s projected operating requirements and its existing cash and cash equivalents, the Company is projecting insufficient liquidity
to sustain its operations and meet its obligations through one year following the date that the financial statements were issued. These
events and conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

As
an early-stage growth company, the Company s ability to access capital is critical. The Company plans to finance its operations
with proceeds from the sale of equity securities or debt; however, there is no assurance that management s plans to obtain additional
debt or equity financing will be successfully implemented or implemented on terms favorable to the Company. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

The
Company s current business activities consist of development and commercialization of battery materials, components, cells, and
selected module/pack technologies. The Company faces inherent risks associated with its operations, such as the ongoing development of
its technology, marketing, and distribution channels, as well as the enhancement of its supply chain and manufacturing capabilities.
Additionally, the need to recruit additional management and key personnel is vital. The success of the Company s development initiatives
and the achievement of profitability hinge on various factors, including its ability to enter potential markets and secure sustainable
financing in the future. 

The
Company s future results of operations involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Factors that could affect the Company s
future operating results and cause actual results to vary materially from expectations include, but are not limited to, rapid technological
change, competition from substitute products and larger companies, protection of proprietary technology, ability to maintain distributor
relationships and dependence on key individuals. 

6 

7 

operating segment and reportable segment, as the CODM reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for
purposes of making operating decisions, allocating resources, and evaluating financial performance. 

from Nubia. This balance originated from cash advances made by G3 on behalf of The Battery Group of G3, in connection with
Nubia s funding requirements for extensions of time in closing the Merger. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, G3 s Battery
Group was responsible for funding of this additional trust funding requirement. As of September 30, 2024, following the elimination
of an intercompany amount upon the closing of the Merger, the Company no longer had a balance related to the trust funding requirement.
During the first quarter, the Company advanced to G3 for transaction costs incurred during the Merger. The outstanding balance
of other receivables amounted to as of September 30, 2024. 

8 

years Leasehold improvements years Machinery equipment years 

, ,
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

years. Amortization of the patent costs commences upon patent issuance. 

and as of September 30, 2024, respectively; and and as of December
31, 2023, respectively. The Company assesses the carrying value of its intangible assets for impairment each year and when indicators
exist that there could be an impairment. Based on its assessments, the Company did not incur any impairment charges for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

9 

. Shares subject to stock awards granted under the incentive plan that
expire or terminate without being exercised in full, or that are paid out in cash rather than in shares, will not reduce the number of
shares available for issuance under the incentive plan. The incentive plan also includes an evergreen provision that provides for an automatic
annual increase to the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the incentive plan on the first day of each
fiscal year beginning with the 2024 fiscal year, equal to the least of (i) shares of common stock, (ii) of
the total number of shares of common stock outstanding as of the last day of our immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) such
lesser amount determined by the plan administrator. 

10 

-

Warrants Public 
 
 -

Warrants Private 
 
 -

Warrants - Series A 
 
 -

Warrants - Series B 
 
 -

Warrants - Series C 
 
 -

Warrants - Series D 
 
 -

Stock-based compensation - equity awards 
 
 -

Arbor Lake Strategic Cooperation Consulting Agreement 
 
 -

Convertible Notes 
 
 -

HBC Earnout Shares 
 
 -

Total common stock equivalents excluded from dilutive loss per share 
 
 -

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. 

11 

-

Total other assets 
 
 -

after deducting transaction costs. 

Less: discount payment related to Non Redemption Agreement 

Less: reimbursement for consideration shares related to the FPA 

Less: reimbursement for Recycled Shares related to the FPA 

Less: transaction expenses paid in connection with the Merger 

Net cash received from NUBI Trust 
 -

Add: cash from NUBI operating account 

Add: prepaid expenses 

Less: derivative liabilities 

Less: other liabilities 

Reverse recapitalization, net 

12 

Shares issued to Nubia convertible noteholders 

Predecessor HBC Shares 

Common stock immediately after the closing of the Merger 

IPO
warrants 

In connection with Nubia s
initial public offering in 2022, public warrants were issued and warrants were issued in a private placement, all
of which warrants remained outstanding and became warrants for the Common stock in the Company. 

HBC
Holdback Shares 

The Company and G3 included
a provision in the Merger Agreement that adjusts the aggregate share consideration to be paid to the shareholders of HBC if the G3 Tax
Lien is not released prior to closing. Specifically, shares of Solidion common stock, issuable to the HBC shareholders as part
of the Merger Consideration at or following closing, will depend on whether the G3 Tax Lien has been settled by G3 prior to closing.
At closing, the G3 Tax Lien has not been settled by G3 and as of September 30, 2024, the holdback shares have not been issued. 

HBC
Earnout Arrangement 

As
noted in Note 1, in connection with the Merger, HBC shareholders are entitled to up to shares if certain post merger per share
market prices are achieved. 

The
accounting for the Earnout Arrangement was first evaluated under FASB ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ASC
718 to determine if the arrangement represents a share-based payment arrangement. Because there are no service conditions
nor any requirement of the participants to provide goods or services, the Company determined that the Earnout Shares are not within the
scope of ASC 718. 

Next, the Company determined
that the Earnout Arrangement represent a freestanding equity-linked financial instrument to be evaluated under ASC 480. Based
upon the analysis, the Company concluded that the Earnout Arrangement should not be classified as a liability under ASC 480. 

The Company next considered and concluded that
the contract was indexed to the Company s own stock under ASC 815-40-15 and then considered and concluded that the equity classification
conditions in ASC 815-40-25 were met. Therefore, the Earnout Arrangement is appropriately classified in equity. 

As
the merger has been accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, the fair value of the Earnout Arrangement has been accounted for as
an equity transaction as of the Closing Date of the Merger. 

The
Company utilized a Monte Carlo simulation analysis to determine the fair value of the Earnout Arrangement at the date of the merger,
which included the following assumptions: stock price of , risk free rate of , volatility of , dividends yield of and
duration of years. 

As
of September 30, 2024, of the Earnout Shares had been earned by G3. 

and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Amortization expense for the patents
included in these financial statements was , , and for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, respectively. Future amortization expense for the patents over the next is anticipated to be approximately 
per year. 

13 

and of total assets, and and of total liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.
Of the total assets, property and equipment totaled and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. There
were no revenues recognized by the foreign subsidiary for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Total expenses
incurred by the foreign subsidiary were , and , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively.

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Other
Receivable 

As
of December 31, 2023, the Company held an other receivable balance of from Nubia. This balance originated from cash advances
made by Global Graphene Group G3 on behalf of the Battery Group, in connection with Nubia s funding requirements
for extensions of time in closing the Merger. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Battery Group was responsible for funding of
this additional trust funding requirement. As of September 30, 2024, following the elimination of an intercompany amount upon the closing
of the Merger, the Company no longer had a balance related to the trust funding requirement. During the first quarter, the Company advanced
 to G3 for transaction costs incurred during the Merger. The outstanding balance of other receivables amounted to as
of September 30, 2024. 

Shared
Services Agreement 

Effective February 2, 2024, the Company entered
into a shared services agreement (the SSA with G3, under which G3 agreed to provide certain services, including employees,
office space and use of equipment, and the Company agreed to pay for such services on a monthly basis. The SSA is subject to typical conditions
and may be terminated by either party upon written notice. The management and board continues to monitor the SSA and all other related
party transactions to uphold transparency and protect shareholder interests. Expenses incurred related to the SSA were and 
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Amounts outstanding as of September 30, 2024 were . 

Due
to Related Party 

During
the merger closing process, G3 incurred certain transaction expenses that were due to be reimbursed by the Company after the Closing
Date, as per the Business Combination Agreement. These expenses included legal, advisory and audit fees directly associated with facilitating
the merger. The total amount due to G3 was as of the Closing Date. 

Additionally,
at the time of the merger close, the Company had an outstanding payable related to the monthly administrative services support fees due
to Mach FM Corp, an affiliate of Mach FM Acquisitions LLC, the sponsor of Nubia. This fee covered office space, utilities, and secretarial
and administrative support provided by Mach FM to support Nubia s operating activities. The outstanding balance payable to Mach
FM amounted to as of the Closing Date. 

On April 29, 2024, the Company made a payment of to reimburse
G3 for Merger-related transaction expenses. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repaid and ,
respectively, due to related parties. Amounts outstanding as of September 30, 2024 to G3 and Mach FM were and , respectively. 

Contingent
Consideration 

At Closing, the G3 Tax Lien has not been settled
by G3 and as of September 30, 2024, the Holdback Shares have not been issued. The contingent consideration represents a potential
obligation that would become released only upon G3 settling its G3 Tax Lien. See Notes 3 and 7 for further discussion regarding Holdback
Shares related to the G3 Tax Lien. 

As
of the Closing Date, the Company recorded a fair value of for the Holdback Shares, which was accounted for as an equity
transaction. 

14 

as of November 2024. 

As disclosed in Note 2, the Company and G3 included
a provision in the Merger Agreement that adjusts the aggregate share consideration to be paid to the shareholders of HBC if the G3 Tax
Lien is not released prior to closing. Specifically, shares of Solidion common stock, issuable to the HBC shareholders as part
of the Merger Consideration at or following closing, will depend on whether the G3 Tax Lien has been settled by G3 prior to closing. At
closing, the G3 Tax Lien has not been settled by G3 and as of September 30, 2024, the holdback shares have not been issued. 

The
G3 Tax Lien represents a potential obligation that would become payable only upon the sale of the building. As the timing and likelihood
of such a sale are uncertain and there are no immediate plans to sell, the Company has not recorded a liability on the balance sheet
for this contingent obligation. Should the Company decide to sell the building in the future, this lien may need to be settled from the
proceeds of the sale, which could impact the net cash inflow from such a transaction. The Company will continue to monitor the situation
and will recognize a liability in the financial statements if and when it becomes probable that the building will be sold and the lien
will need to be satisfied. 

HBC
Earnout Arrangement 

As
noted in Note 1, in connection with the Merger, HBC shareholders are entitled to up to shares if certain post-merger per share
market prices are achieved. As the merger has been accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, the fair value of the Earnout Arrangement
has been accounted for as an equity transaction as of the closing date of the merger. 

See Notes 3 and 7 for further discussion regarding
the earnout related to the reverse capitalization transaction and HBC Holdback Shares related to the federal tax lien. 

Strategic Cooperation Consulting Agreement 

 On September 11, 2024, the Company amended an
existing Strategic Cooperation Consulting Agreement (the Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Arbor Lake
Capital Inc. (the Advisor ), pursuant to which the Company retained the Advisor as its consultant to provide non-exclusive
consulting services in connection with the Company s commercial and strategic business development including but not limited to
sales and market development, business partnership, joint-venture, alliance, licensing and supply cooperation. In accordance with the
terms of the Consulting Agreement, the Advisor shall be entitled to receive the consulting fees as follows: 

shares of the Company s common stock as a retainer upon the signing of the Consulting Agreement; 

Any licensing agreement that results in a commercial/strategic partner(s) acquiring a license from the Company shall entitle the Advisor to (three percent) of upfront licensing revenue, plus (two percent) of annual loyalty revenue from the commercial/strategic partner(s) for the first three years; 

Any commercial/strategic cooperation in which the Company would distribute, resell or become a licensee of the commercial/strategic partner, the Company shall pay to the Advisor of the revenue generated by the Company under such agreement for the first three years beginning with the first date that the commercial/strategic partner delivers the first product; 

For
 any other commercial/strategic cooperation including but not limited to partnership, joint-venture,
 alliance, and supply cooperation, the compensation will be further discussed and agreed upon
 by the parties when such cooperation commences. 

The term of the Consulting Agreement shall continue until the performance by each party of its respective obligations thereunder shall have been satisfied. Either party may terminate the relationship upon mutual agreement after months upon the effective date of the Consulting Agreement. 

As the shares are fully earned upon the signing of the agreement,
the Company recorded expense of based on the stock price on the signing date. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

15 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of common stock are
entitled to vote for each share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, there were and 
(adjusted for reverse recapitalization) shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Equity
Financing 

On March 13, 2024, Solidion entered into a private
placement transaction (the Private Placement ), pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Subscription Agreement with certain institutional investors (the Purchasers for aggregate gross proceeds of . The issuance costs associated
with the Private Placement, including fees to the placement agent and other expenses, totaled , of which was allocated
to the issuance of Private Placement common stock and was allocated to the issuance of series A and B warrants. The Private
Placement closed on March 15, 2024. 

As
part of the Private Placement, the Company issued an aggregate of units and pre-funded units (collectively, the Units at a purchase price of per unit (less per pre-funded unit). 

 On August 30, 2024, the Company entered into a private placement transaction
(the Private Placement ), pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Subscription Agreement with certain
institutional investors (the Purchasers for aggregate gross proceeds of . The issuance costs associated with
the Private Placement, including fees to the placement agent and other expenses, totaled , of which was allocated to
the issuance of Private Placement common stock and was allocated to the issuance of series C and D warrants. The Private Placement
closed on September 5, 2024. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Private Placement for working capital and general corporate
purposes. 

As part of the Private Placement, the Company
issued an aggregate of units and pre-funded units (collectively, the Units at a purchase price of per
unit. Each Unit consists of (i) share of common stock, par value per share of the Company (the Common Stock (or one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant )), (ii) two Series C warrants each
to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Series C Warrant and (iii) one Series D warrant to purchase such number of shares
of Common Stock as determined on the Reset Date (as defined below), and in accordance with the terms therein (the Series D Warrant 
and together with the Pre-Funded Warrant and the Series C Warrant, the Warrants ). 

per share, subject to adjustment. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole
number of shares of common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional
warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade and requires the purchase of at least two units
to be eligible 

The
warrants will expire after the completion of the Company s initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company is not obligated to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and has no obligation to settle
such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying
the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations described
below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock
upon exercise of a warrant unless common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt
under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the
two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise
such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any
warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such
warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of common stock underlying such unit. 

However,
the Company has agreed that as soon as practicable after the closing of the Company s initial business combination, the Company
will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
the warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares
of common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering
the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 90 th day after the closing
of the Company s initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration
statement covering the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation
of the Company s initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, provided
that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis. 

16 

per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days 
 prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable (the 30-day redemption period to each
 warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals
or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20
trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before the
Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by
us, the Company may not exercise the Company s redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants
is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or the Company is unable to effect such registration
or qualification. The Company will use its best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of
the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in the Company s initial public offering. 

The Company has established the last of the redemption
criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise
price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and the Company issues a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will
be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the common stock may fall below the
 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well
as the warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If the Company calls the warrants for redemption
as described above, the Company s management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do
so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, 
the Company s management will consider, among other factors, the Company s cash position, the number of warrants that are
outstanding and the dilutive effect on the Company s stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise of the Company s warrants. If the Company s management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants
would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by
dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise
price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value 
for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading
day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If the Company s management takes advantage
of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of common stock to be
received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this
manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. The Company believes
this feature is an attractive option to us if the Company do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after the Company s
initial business combination. If the Company calls its warrants for redemption and the Company s management does not take advantage
of this option, the Company s sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their placement warrants
for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had
all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 

A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of or (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of common stock, or by a split-up
of shares of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the
number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each whole warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding
shares of common stock. A rights offering to holders of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of common stock at a price
less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of common stock equal to the product of (i) the
number of shares of common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights
offering that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of
common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for
securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, in determining the price payable for common stock, there will be taken into
account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair
market value means the volume weighted average price of common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the
trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market,
regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants
are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of common stock
on account of such shares of common stock (or other shares of the Company s capital stock into which the warrants are convertible),
other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of common
stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of common stock
in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the
substance or timing of its obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial business combination or certain
amendments to the Company s charter prior thereto or to redeem of the Company s common stock if the Company does not
complete the Company s initial business combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months if the Company s time to complete
a business combination is extended as described herein) from the closing of the Company s initial public offering or (ii) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with
the redemption of the Company s public shares upon the Company s failure to complete the Company s initial business
combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount
of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of common stock in respect of such event. 

17 

of the consideration receivable by the holders of common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of common
stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter
market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly
exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced
as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose
of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during
the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of
the warrants in order to determine and realize the option value component of the warrant. This formula is to compensate the warrant holder
for the loss of the option value portion of the warrant due to the requirement that the warrant holder exercise the warrant within 30
days of the event. The Black-Scholes model is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price
for an instrument is available. 

The warrants will be issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, but requires
the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects
the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. 

In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional
shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the Company s
initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Company s
sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by the Company s sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance), (y)the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and
interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial business combination on the date of the consummation of the
Company s initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of
the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights
until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of
the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

18 

and , respectively,
which exceeded the total gross proceeds from the Private Placement of . As the fair value of the derivative liability exceeded
the proceeds on the day of issuance, the difference was recorded as a loss from issuance of stock and warrants of . 

The fair value of the
Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants as of September 30, 2024 was and , respectively, resulting in a gain of 
and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The number of Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants exercised
as of September 30, 2024, was and , respectively, resulting in the issuance of common shares. 

Series
C and Series D Warrants 

In accordance with ASC 815, the Series A Warrants
and Series B Warrants were determined to be liability classified at the issuance date and subject to periodic remeasurement. As such,
on the date of issuance the Company allocated the proceeds between the common stock, Series C Warrants and Series D Warrants first to
the fair value of the Series C Warrants and Series D Warrants, which were recorded as a liability. The total fair value of the Series
C Warrants and Series D Warrants measured at issuance was and , respectively, which exceeded the total gross proceeds
from the Private Placement of . As the fair value of the derivative liability exceeded the proceeds on the day of issuance,
the difference was recorded as a loss from issuance of stock and warrants of . 

The fair value of the Series C Warrants and Series D Warrants as of
September 30, 2024 was and , respectively, resulting in a gain of during the three months ended September
30, 2024. There were Series C Warrants and Series D Warrants exercised as of September 30, 2024. 

19 

of the total Class A ordinary shares, par value per share,
of NUBI NUBI Shares outstanding following the closing of the Merger, as calculated by Seller (the Purchased Amount ),
less the number of NUBI Shares purchased by Seller separately from third parties through a broker in the open market Recycled
Shares ). Seller will not be required to purchase an amount of NUBI Shares such that, following such purchase, that Seller s
ownership would exceed of the total NUBI Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such purchase, unless Seller, at
its sole discretion, waives such ownership limitation. The Number of Shares subject to the Forward Purchase Agreement is subject
to reduction following a termination of the Forward Purchase Agreement with respect to such shares as described under Optional
Early Termination in the Forward Purchase Agreement. 

The
Forward Purchase Agreement provides for a prepayment shortfall in an amount in U.S. dollars equal to of the product of the Recycled
Shares and the Initial Price (as defined below). As described below in Shortfall Sales, Seller in its sole discretion may sell Recycled
Shares at any time following the Trade Date at any sales price without payment by Seller of any Early Termination Obligation until such
time as the proceeds from such sales equal of the Prepayment Shortfall (as set forth under Shortfall Sales below) (such sales, Shortfall
Sales, and such Shares, Shortfall Sale Shares ). A sale of Shares is only (a) a Shortfall Sale, subject
to the terms and conditions herein applicable to Shortfall Sale Shares, when a Shortfall Sale Notice is delivered under the Forward Purchase
Agreement, and (b) an Optional Early Termination, subject to the terms and conditions of the Forward Purchase Agreement applicable to
Terminated Shares, when an OET Notice is delivered under the Forward Purchase Agreement, in each case with the delivery of such notice
being in the sole discretion of Seller (as further described in the Optional Early Termination and Shortfall Sales 
sections in the Forward Purchase Agreement). 

The
Forward Purchase Agreement provides that Seller will be paid directly an aggregate cash amount (the Prepayment Amount equal to (a) the sum of (i) the Number of Shares as set forth in a Pricing Date Notice, plus (ii) number of Recycled Shares multiplied
by the redemption price per share (the Initial Price as defined in Section 9.2(b) of NUBI s Certificate of Incorporation,
effective as of March 10, 2023, and as amended from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation ), less (b) the Prepayment
Shortfall. 

The Counterparty will pay to Seller the Prepayment
Amount required under the Forward Purchase Agreement directly from the Counterparty s Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock
Transfer and Trust Company holding the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the Counterparty s initial public offering and the
sale of private placement warrants (the Trust Account ), no later than the earlier of (a) one Local Business Day after the
Closing Date and (b) the date any assets from the Trust Account are disbursed in connection with the Merger; except that to the extent
that the Prepayment Amount is to be paid from the purchase of Additional Shares by Seller, such amount will be netted against such proceeds,
with Seller being able to reduce the purchase price for the Additional Shares by the Prepayment Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, any
Additional Shares purchased by Seller will be included in the Number of Shares under the Forward Purchase Agreement for all purposes,
including for determining the Prepayment Amount. In addition to the Prepayment Amount, Counterparty shall pay directly from the Trust
Account, on the Prepayment Date, an amount equal to the product of (x) up to (with such final amount to be determined by Seller
in its sole discretion via written notice to Counterparty) and (y) the Initial Price. 

Following
the Closing, the reset price (the Reset Price will initially be the Initial Price. The Reset Price will be subject to
reset on a bi-weekly basis commencing the first week following the thirtieth day after the closing of the Merger to be the lowest of
(a) the then current Reset Price, (b) the Initial Price and (c) the VWAP Price of the Shares of the prior two weeks; provided the Reset
Price shall be subject to reduction upon a Dilutive Offering Reset immediately upon the occurrence of such Dilutive Offering. 

20 

shares and included a cash payment of released from the trust account. The payment was calculated as an amount equal to (a) the
number of Recycled Shares multiplied by the redemption price per share (the Initial Price as defined in Section 9.2(b)
of NUBI s Certificate of Incorporation, effective as of March 10, 2023, as amended from time to time (the Certificate of
Incorporation ), less (b) the Prepayment Shortfall. Additionally, on February 2, 2024, NUBI made a payment to Forward Purchase Investors
of from the trust account as reimbursement for the consideration shares. 

On January 17, 2024, the Company received a Pricing
Date Notice from the Forward Purchase Investors specifying Additional Shares. On March 22, 2024, the Company received an amended
Pricing Date Notice revising the total number of Additional Shares to . On June 11, 2024 the Company received an amended Pricing
Date Notice revising the total number of Additional Shares to . On August 29, 2024, the Additional Shares have been issued to
the Forward Purchase Investors. 

The Company used a Monte Carlo analysis to determine
the fair value of the FPA. The model measured the total present value of the Company s proceeds at approximately and the
total present value of the Company s liability at approximately , resulting in a net liability of approximately 
as of September 30, 2024. 

21 

(such amount in the aggregate not to exceed (x) the number of
Additional Shares multiplied by (y) the Initial Price), and Seller to pay the Prepayment Shortfall on the Additional Shares on the earlier
of (a) the date that the Commission declares the Registration Statement effective (the Registration Statement Effective Date and (b) the first OET Date. Additional Shortfall Requests may only be made, unless waived in writing by the Seller, in the event that
(i) there is no Prepayment Shortfall outstanding, (ii) the VWAP Price over the ten trading days prior to an Additional Shortfall
Request multiplied by the then current Number of Shares (excluding unregistered shares) held by Seller less Shortfall Sale Shares be at
least ten (10) times greater than the Additional Shortfall Request and (iii) at the time that such Prepayment Shortfall would be paid
by the Seller, the total value traded in Counterparty s stock, as reported on the relevant Bloomberg Screen, be at least ten (10)
times greater than the Additional Prepayment Shortfall request. 

Prepayment Shortfall Consideration 
was amended to provide that Seller in its sole discretion may sell Additional Shares, as well as Recycled Shares, at any time following
the Trade Date and at any sales price, without payment by Seller of any Early Termination Obligation, until such time as the proceeds
from such sales equal of the Prepayment Shortfall. 

Shortfall Sales was amended to provide
that without Seller s prior written consent, the Company agrees not to issue, sell or offer or agree to sell any Shares, or securities
or debt that is convertible, exercisable or exchangeable into Shares, including under any existing or future equity line of credit, beginning
from the date of the Amendment until the earlier of (i) the Valuation Date and (ii) the date the Shortfall Sales equal of the total
potential Prepayment Shortfall, including with respect to Additional Shares. The foregoing covenant does not prohibit (i) the issuance
of any securities issued or assumed in connection with the Business Combination or (ii) repricing of the Company s warrants in connection
with the closing of the Business Combination. 

Shortfall Sales was also amended
to provide that unless and until the proceeds from Shortfall Sales equal of the Prepayment Shortfall, in the event that the product
of (x) the difference between (i) the number of Shares as specified in the Pricing Date Notice(s), less (ii) any Shortfall Sale Shares
as of such measurement time, multiplied by (y) the VWAP Price, is less than (z) the difference between (i) the Prepayment Shortfall, less
(ii) the proceeds from Shortfall Sales as of such measurement time (the Shortfall Variance ), then the Company as liquidated
damages in respect of such Shortfall Variance, at its option must within five (5) Local Business Days either: (A) Pay in cash an amount
equal to the Shortfall Variance; or (B) Issue and deliver to Seller the Shortfall Variance Shares. 

Share Consideration was amended
to additionally provide that upon the execution of the Amendment, Seller became entitled to designate a certain number of Additional Shares
as Share Consideration equal to Shares. 

VWAP Trigger Event was amended to
be defined as an event that occurs if the VWAP Price, for any 10 trading days during a 30 consecutive trading day-period, is below 
per Share. 

In addition, upon execution of the Amendment,
Seller agreed to temporarily forbear from exercising any rights under the Forward Purchase Agreement upon any Shortfall Variance Registration
Failure, VWAP Trigger Event, or Registration Failure that has occurred or may occur (the Valuation Date Events during the
period (the Standstill Period beginning on the Pricing Date and ending on December 31, 2024. Immediately upon expiration
of the Standstill Period, if any Valuation Date Events have occurred, Seller has all of its rights with respect to such Valuation Date
Events to the same extent, and with the same force and effect, as if the forbearance had not occurred. 

In addition to all registration rights provided
under the Forward Purchase Agreement, upon the execution of the Amendment, the Company within twenty (20) business days, agreed to file
a registration statement registering the resale of the Additional Shares and Share Consideration (collectively, the Meteora Shares ).
The Company agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to have such registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable
after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than sixty calendar days after the date of the Amendment. Furthermore, the Company
agreed no other shares may be registered before the Meteora Shares, though other shares may be registered concurrently with the Meteora
Shares on the same resale registration statement. 

In addition, the Amendment provides that Seller,
from the date of the Amendment until thirty (30) days following the effectiveness of the resale registration statement registering the
Meteora Shares, agrees to limit sales of the Meteora Shares to no more than of the daily trading volume of the Company s common
stock, except on trading days when more than shares are traded. 

Finally, concurrently with the execution of the
Amendment, the Company and the Seller agreed to sign and cause to be filed a joint stipulation for dismissal with prejudice of the Action
(as defined below) (the Stipulation ). The Stipulation provides that the Company issue shares of its common stock
to the Seller within five business days of the entry of the Stipulation. In consideration for the Stipulation, the Company agreed to pay
Seller s reasonable and documented attorney s fees in an amount up to related to any legal work performed by Seller s
legal advisors relating to the Company on behalf of Seller. Action means (i) the Complaint for Specific Performance and
Money Damages filed July 16, 2024 thereby initiating Case No. 2024-0752-LWW Meteora Capital Partners, LP v. Solidion Technology, Inc.
in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Chancery Court and (ii) the Motion for Default Judgment
filed by Seller related to such complaint on August 13, 2024. On September 9, 2024, the Company and the Seller filed the Stipulation in
Delaware Chancery Court. 

22 

based on the stock price on the date of the amendment for the shares issued in connection
with the forbearance and FPA amendment. 

Non-Redemption
Agreement 

On
December 13, 2023, NUBI entered into a non-redemption agreement (the Non-Redemption Agreement with certain investors
named therein (each, a Backstop Investor ), each acting on behalf of certain funds, investors, entities or accounts that
are managed, sponsored or advised by each such Backstop Investor or its affiliates. Pursuant to each Non-Redemption Agreement,
each Backstop Investor agreed that, on or prior to Closing, it will beneficially own not greater than the lesser of (i) that number of
Backstop Shares set forth in the Non-Redemption Agreement and (ii) the total number of NUBI Shares beneficially owned by Backstop Investor
and its affiliates and any other persons whose beneficial ownership of NUBI Shares would be aggregated with those of Backstop Investor
for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 not exceeding of the total number of issued and outstanding
NUBI Shares, and shall not elect to redeem or otherwise tender or submit for redemption any of such Backstop Shares in connection with
the second special meeting of NUBI stockholders to be held for the purpose of approving the Merger (the Second Special Meeting 
provided, however, that in the event Backstop Investor has previously elected to redeem, tender or submit any Backstop Shares for redemption,
Backstop Investor shall rescind or reverse such redemption request prior to Closing and NUBI shall accept such request(s) promptly once
submitted by Backstop Investor. 

On
February 2, 2024, upon consummation of the Merger, NUBI paid to each Backstop Investor a payment in respect of its respective Backstop
Shares a payment in cash released from the trust Account in an amount equal to the product of (x) the number of Backstop Shares and (y)
the Redemption Price, less . The total cash payment paid to Backstop Investors was released from the trust account. 

March Private Placement Financing 

 On March 13, 2024, the Company entered into a
private placement transaction (the Private Placement ), pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Subscription
Agreement with certain institutional investors (the PIPE Investors for aggregate gross proceeds of ,
before deducting fees to the placement agent and other expenses payable by the Company in connection with the Private Placement. The Company
intends to use the net proceeds from the Private Placement for working capital and general corporate purposes. EF Hutton, LLC, acted as
the exclusive placement agent for the Private Placement. The Private Placement closed on March 15, 2024. 

As
part of the Private Placement, the Company issued an aggregate of units and pre-funded units (collectively, the Units at a purchase price of per unit (less per pre-funded unit). Each Unit consists of (i) one share of common stock, par
value per share of the Company (the common stock (or one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of common
stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant )), (ii) two Series A warrants each to purchase one share of common stock (the Series
A Warrant and (iii) one Series B warrant to purchase such number of shares of common stock as determined on the Reset Date (as
defined below), and in accordance with the terms therein (the Series B Warrant and together with the Pre-Funded Warrant
and the Series A Warrant, the Warrants ). 

The
Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable on issuance at an exercise price of per share of common stock and will not expire until
exercised in full. The Series A Warrants are exercisable upon issuance and have an exercise price of per share of common stock
(subject to certain anti-dilution and share combination event protections) and have a term of years from the date of Stockholder
Approval (as defined in the Subscription Agreement). The Series B Warrants will be exercisable following the Reset Date (as defined in
the Series B Warrant), will have an exercise price of per share of common stock and will have a term of years from the date
of Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Subscription Agreement). The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable
under the Series A Warrants are subject to adjustment and the number of shares of common stock issuable under the Series B Warrant will
be determined following the later to occur of: (i) the earlier of (A) the first trading day after the date on which a resale registration
statement covering the resale of all Registrable Securities (as defined in the Series B Warrant) has been declared effective for 10 consecutive
trading days or (B) the first trading day after the date on which the PIPE Investors may sell the Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule
144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act for a period of 10 consecutive trading
days, or (ii) the 11 th trading day after Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Subscription Agreement) is obtained
(the Reset Date ), and to be determined pursuant to the lowest daily average trading price of the common stock during the
Reset Period (as defined in the Series B Warrant), subject to a pricing floor of per share of common stock, such that the maximum
number of shares of common stock underlying the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants would be an aggregate of approximately shares
and shares, respectively. In the event either of clauses (i) or (ii) in the immediately preceding sentence has not occurred,
 Reset Date means the 11 th trading day after twelve months and 30 trading days following the issuance date
of the Series B Warrants. 

23 

. Consequently, the reset price was established at . As a result, the
Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants held by investors were reset to shares and shares, respectively. 

The number of Series A Warrants and Series B
Warrants exercised as of September 30, 2024, was and , respectively, resulting in the issuance of common shares. 

August Private Placement Financing 

 On August 30, 2024, the Company entered into a
private placement transaction (the Private Placement ), pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Subscription
Agreement with certain institutional investors (the Purchasers for aggregate gross proceeds of , before
deducting fees to the placement agent and other expenses payable by the Company in connection with the Private Placement. The Company
intends to use the net proceeds from the Private Placement for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

As part of the Private Placement, the Company
issued an aggregate of units and pre-funded units (collectively, the Units at a purchase price of per
unit. Each Unit consists of (i) share of common stock, par value per share of the Company (the Common Stock (or one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant )), (ii) two Series C warrants each
to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Series C Warrant and (iii) one Series D warrant to purchase such number of shares
of Common Stock as determined on the Reset Date (as defined below), and in accordance with the terms therein (the Series D Warrant 
and together with the Pre-Funded Warrant and the Series C Warrant, the Warrants ). 

The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable on issuance
at an exercise price of per share of Common Stock and will not expire until exercised in full. The Series C Warrants are exercisable
upon issuance and have an exercise price of per share of Common Stock (subject to certain anti-dilution and share combination
event protections) and have a term of years from the date of Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Subscription Agreement). The
Series D Warrants will be exercisable following the Reset Date (as defined in the Series D Warrant), will have an exercise price of 
per share of Common Stock and will have a term of years from the date of Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Subscription Agreement).
The exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock issuable under the Series C Warrants are subject to adjustment and the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable under the Series D Warrant will be determined following the later to occur of: (i) the earlier of (A)
the first trading day after the date on which a resale registration statement covering the resale of all Registrable Securities (as defined
in the Series D Warrant) has been declared effective for 10 consecutive trading days or (B) the first trading day after the date on which
the Purchasers may sell the Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act for a period of 10 consecutive trading days, or (ii) the 11th trading day after Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Subscription
Agreement) is obtained (the Reset Date ), and to be determined pursuant to the lowest daily average trading price of the
Common Stock during the Reset Period (as defined in the Series D Warrant), subject to a pricing floor of per share of Common Stock,
such that the maximum number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Series C Warrants and Series D Warrants would be an aggregate of
approximately shares and shares, respectively. In the event either of clauses (i) or (ii) in the immediately preceding
sentence has not occurred, Reset Date means the 11th trading day after twelve months and 30 trading days following the issuance
date of the Series D Warrants. The Company has undertaken to file a resale registration statement covering all of the Registrable Securities
on behalf the Purchasers pursuant to a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement also entered into
with the Purchasers in connection with the Private Placement. 

24 

to meet our working capital requirements. The Notes convert to approximately million
common shares. The outstanding balance on Convertible Notes was as of September 30, 2024. 

Short-term
Notes Payable 

EF
Hutton LLC 

On February 1, 2024, the Company executed a Promissory
Note with EF Hutton, totaling , to cover underwriters fees associated with the closure of the Company s Merger
with HBC. In the case of an event of default, this Note shall bear interest at a rate of per annum until such event of default is
cured. The principal amount of this Note is payable on designated dates, with scheduled on the first business day of each month
until the final payment on March 1, 2025. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of the Note was . 

Loeb and Loeb LLP 

On February 1, 2024, the Company executed a Promissory
Note with Loeb and Loeb, totaling for legal services provided to the Company in connection with the Company s Merger with
HBC. The principal and interest amount of this Note is payable in 12 equal monthly installments beginning on March 1, 2024. The Note bears
implied interest of per annum, resulting in total interest payments of approximately over the term of the Note. The monthly
installments include both principal and interest payments. As of September 30, 2024, the Note has been paid off. 

Benesch
Friedlander Coplan Aronoff LLP 

On April 29, 2024, the
Company executed a Promissory Note with Benesch Friedlander Coplan Aronoff in the amount of . The interest rate is per
annum, to be paid as a lump sum at the maturity date of . As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of the Note
was . 

On November 12, 2024, the Company amended the terms of its Promissory
Note with Benesch. The amended terms include an updated principal balance of , which includes unpaid interest expense of 
from earlier periods, an increase in the interest rate to per annum, an upfront payment of made at signing, and a requirement
for minimum monthly payments of . Additionally, the maturity date has been extended to . 

The outstanding balance of Short-term Notes Payable
amounted to and as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

in the period.
This compensation cost is included within Selling, general, and administrative expenses on the Company s condensed, consolidated
and combined statements of operations. There were similar common stock grants during the period ended September 30, 2023. There were
 awards issued during the period ended September 30, 2024. 

25 

restricted stock units or stock
options granted during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, there were no restricted
stock units or stock options outstanding at either the beginning or the end of the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
There were awards issued during the period ended September 30, 2024. 

Awards
with Market-Based Conditions 

In connection with the aforementioned executive
employment agreements, certain executives are eligible to receive unrestricted shares of common stock if certain stock price targets are
met during the term of the respective employment agreements. A stock price target will be satisfied if the 120-day trailing average closing
price (based on trading days) of a share of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds the applicable stock price target, which
range from to per share. The executives could be granted up to shares based on attainment of all applicable stock price
targets over the term of and an estimated fair value of approximately . The Company recorded approximately 
and of expense related to these awards for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Awards
with Performance Conditions 

In connection with the aforementioned executive employment agreements,
certain executives are eligible to receive cash incentive payments in connection with the Company achieving certain capital raise targets.
In addition, these executives can also receive a cash bonus equal to of the equity value of the Company (up to million for each
executive, totaling million) in an applicable sale of the Company as defined by the terms of the employment agreements. Through September
30, 2024, it was not considered probable that either performance condition would be achieved, and therefore no expense was recorded related
to these awards. 

26 

- 

Warrants Series A and B 
 
 3 

- 

Warrants Series C and D 
 
 3 

- 

Forward
purchase agreement 

The Company used a Monte Carlo analysis to determine
the fair value of the FPA, assuming a total number of Additional Shares of . The model measured the total present value of the
Company s proceeds at approximately and the total present value of the Company s liability at approximately ,
resulting in a net liability of approximately as of September 30, 2024. 

Stock price 

Expected life 

years 

years 

Expected volatility of underlying stock 

Dividends 

Warrants
 Series A and B 

years 
 years 
 
 Stock price 

Risk free rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend rate 

Exercise Price 

27 

years 
 years 
 
 Stock price 

Risk free rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend rate 

Exercise Price 

The fair value of the
Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants as of September 30, 2024, was and , respectively. This resulted in a gain
from the change in fair value of derivatives of , and a gain (loss) from the issuance of warrants of , and )
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, investors received and 
common shares from exercise of Series A and Series B warrants, respectively. 

Warrants
 Series C and D 

The Company utilized
a Monte Carlo simulation analysis to determine the fair value of the Series C Warrants and Series D Warrants at the date of issuance (August
30, 2024), which included the following assumptions: 

years 
 years 
 
 Stock price 

Risk free rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend rate 

Exercise Price 

The Company utilized
a Monte Carlo simulation analysis to determine the fair value of the Series C Warrants and Series D Warrants at September 30, 2024, which
included the following assumptions: 

years 
 years 
 
 Stock price 

Risk free rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend rate 

Exercise Price 

The fair value of the
Series C Warrants and Series D Warrants as of September 30, 2024, was and , respectively. This resulted in a gain
(loss) from the change in fair value of derivatives and issuance of warrants of and ) for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, investors have not exercised any Series C and Series D warrants. 

28 

Change in fair value 

Balance, March 31, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Balance, March 31, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

HBC
earnout shares 

The
Company utilized a Monte Carlo simulation analysis to determine the fair value of the Earnout Shares at the date of the Merger, which
included the following assumptions: stock price of , risk free rate of , volatility of , dividends yield of and duration
of years. 

, which includes unpaid interest expense of 
from earlier periods, an increase in the interest rate to per annum, an upfront payment of made at signing, and a requirement
for minimum monthly payments of . Additionally, the maturity date has been extended to . For further details, refer
to Note 11 to the financial statements. 

29 

ITEM 2.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References
in this report (the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Solidion
Technology, Inc. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors.
The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the
discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections
about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us
that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, 
 expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, 
or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but
are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. 

Overview 

Solidion Technology, Inc. is a Dallas, TX, USA-based
advanced battery technology company focused on the development and commercialization of battery materials, components, cells, and selected
module/pack technologies. Solidion holds a portfolio of over 550 patents, covering innovations such as high-capacity, non-silane gas and
graphene-enabled silicon anodes, biomass-based graphite, advanced lithium-sulfur and lithium-metal technologies. Solidion offers two lines
of battery products: (i) advanced anode materials (ready for production expansion); and (ii) three classes of solid-state batteries, including
Silicon-rich all-solid-state lithium-ion cells (Gen 1), anode less lithium metal cells (Gen 2), and lithium-sulfur cells (Gen 3), all
featuring an advanced polymer- or polymer/inorganic composite-based solid electrolyte that is process-friendly. 

History 

Honeycomb
Battery Company Merger 

On
February 2, 2024, Nubia Brand International Corp., a Delaware corporation Nubia and after the Transactions described herein,
 Solidion or Solidion Technology, Inc. ), consummated a merger (the Closing pursuant to a Merger
Agreement, dated February 16, 2023 (as amended on August 25, 2023, the Merger Agreement ), by and among Nubia, Honeycomb
Battery Company, an Ohio corporation HBC ), and Nubia Merger Sub, Inc., an Ohio corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary
of Nubia Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into HBC (the Merger, 
and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Transactions ), with HBC surviving such merger as a wholly
owned subsidiary of Nubia, which was renamed Solidion Technology, Inc. upon Closing. 

30 

We
received net proceeds from the Merger totaling 17,555. The Company is applying the proceeds from the Merger toward its corporate growth
strategy related to the commercialization of our battery technology and the scaling of its manufacturing operations. 

Equity
Financings 

On March 13, 2024, Solidion entered into a private
placement transaction (the Private Placement ), pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Subscription Agreement with certain institutional investors (the Purchasers for aggregate gross proceeds of 3,850,000, before deducting fees
to the placement agent and other expenses payable by the Company in connection with the Private Placement. The net proceeds from the Private
Placement were used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Private Placement closed on March 15, 2024. 

As
part of the Private Placement, the Company issued an aggregate of 5,133,332 units and pre-funded units (collectively, the Units at a purchase price of 0.75 per unit (less 0.0001 per pre-funded unit). Each Unit consists of (i) one share of Solidion Common Stock
(or one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock), (ii) two Series A warrants each to purchase one share of Common Stock,
and (iii) one Series B warrant to purchase such number of shares of Common Stock as determined on the reset date (as defined in the Subscription
Agreement), and in accordance with the terms therein. 

The
reset period ended on July 2, 2024 (the Reset Date ), with the lowest 10-day VWAP on June 28, 2024, being 0.4347. Consequently,
the reset price was established at 0.3478. As a result, the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants held by investors were reset to
22,141,701 shares and 5,749,598 shares, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, investors had exercised 466,000 Series A Warrants and
5,364,046 Series B Warrants, resulting in the issuance of 5,830,046 common shares. 

On August 30, 2024, the Company entered into a private placement transaction
(the Private Placement ), pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Subscription Agreement with certain
institutional investors (the Purchasers for aggregate gross proceeds of 4,000,000, before deducting fees to the placement
agent and other expenses payable by the Company in connection with the Private Placement. The Company intends to use the net proceeds
from the Private Placement for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

As part of the Private Placement, the Company issued an aggregate
of 12,217,468 units and pre-funded units (collectively, the Units at a purchase price of 0.3274 per unit. Each Unit consists
of (i) one share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share of the Company (the Common Stock (or one pre-funded warrant
to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant )), (ii) two Series C warrants each to purchase one share of
Common Stock (the Series C Warrant and (iii) one Series D warrant to purchase such number of shares of Common Stock as
determined on the Reset Date (as defined below), and in accordance with the terms therein (the Series D Warrant and together
with the Pre-Funded Warrant and the Series C Warrant, the Warrants ). 

Components
of Results of Operations 

Revenue 

The
Company is focused on commercializing and manufacturing battery materials and next-generation battery cells. Historically, and during
the periods presented, we have generated minimal revenue from product samples. We do not expect to begin generating significant revenue
until we complete the commercialization process and build out manufacturing capacity. Future capacity may come from joint ventures with
strategic partners, sourcing third-party manufacturing from our network, or pursuing mergers and acquisitions. 

31 

Operating
Expenses 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of personnel expenses, including salaries, benefits, third party technology validation testing,
equipment, engineering, maintenance of facilities, data analysis, and materials. 

Selling,
general and, administrative 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel expenses, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation
related to executive management, finance, legal, and human resource functions. Other costs include business development, contractor and
professional services fees, audit and compliance expenses, insurance costs and general corporate expenses, such rent, office supplies
and information technology costs. 

Other
Income (Loss) 

Change
in fair value of Derivative Liabilities 

Change
in fair value of Derivative Liabilities consists of fluctuations in the fair value of an agreement between the Company and investors
facilitating future purchases of the Company s stock by the Investor based on a Monte Carlo simulation model. 

Interest
Income 

Interest
income is derived from the Company s operating cash account, which is periodically invested in short-term money market funds. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense consists primarily of the interest on the Company s short-term notes and D O insurance premium financing arrangement. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following information includes, in management s opinion, all necessary adjustments to fairly present its results of operations
for these periods. This data should be read in conjunction with Solidion s financial statements and accompanying notes. These results
of operations are not necessarily indicative of future performance. 

Summary
of Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Net sales 
 - 
 1,315 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating expenses 
 4,193,006 
 1,439,900 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 (2,443,673 
 1,091 
 
 Net Income (loss) 
 (6,636,679 
 (1,437,494 

32 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating expenses increased by 2,753,106 for
the three months ended September 30, 2024. This increase was primarily driven by third party validation
testing of our proprietary silicon anode, professional fees, stock-based compensation, insurance, and other administrative costs associated
with the Company operating as a public entity as of February 2, 2024. 

Other
Income (expense) 

Other expense increased by 2,444,764 for the
three months ended September 30, 2024. This increase was largely driven by a gain of 7,232,835 due to a change in the fair value of
derivative liabilities related to the Forward Purchase Agreement, and warrants related to the Private Placement financing. Additionally,
there was a loss of 9,654,799 from the issuance of common stock and warrants related to the August Private Placement financing. 

Summary
of Statements of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Net sales 
 - 
 1,615 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating expenses 
 10,885,651 
 4,214,993 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 (3,498,875 
 1,757 
 
 Net loss 
 (14,384,526 
 (4,211,621 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses increased by 6,670,658 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This increase was primarily driven by third party validation
testing of our proprietary silicon anode, professional fees, stock-based compensation, insurance, and other administrative costs associated
with the Company operating as a public entity as of February 2, 2024. 

Other Income (expense) 

Other expense increased by 3,500,632 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024. This increase was largely driven by a gain of 24,017,035
due to a change in the fair value of derivative liabilities related to the Forward Purchase Agreement, and warrants related to the Private
Placement financing. Additionally, there was a loss of 27,475,797 from the issuance of common stock and warrants related to the March
and August Private Placement financings. 

Summary of Cash Flows for the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating Activities 
 (5,677,192 
 (3,298,947 
 
 Investing Activities 
 (190,931 
 (301,528 
 
 Financing Activities 
 7,056,000 
 2,980,851 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 1,187,877 
 (619,624 

Net
Cash used in Operating Activities 

For the nine months ended September
 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities was 5,677,192. This primarily resulted from a net loss of 14,384,526, which included
non-cash gains and losses, driven by a gain of 24,017,035 due to a change in the fair value of derivative liabilities related to the
Forward Purchase Agreement and Private Placement warrants, and a loss of 27,475,797 from the issuance of common stock and warrants related
to the Private Placement financing. These non-cash losses were added back to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities,
as part non-cash adjustments that also included depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and equity compensation expense
for services, totaling 4,113,643. Additionally, changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 1,134,929 of cash from operating
activities. 

For the nine months ended September
 30, 2023, cash used in operating activities was 3,298,947. This primarily resulted from a net loss of 4,211,621, which included
non-cash losses, depreciation and amortization, totaling 456,681. Additionally, changes in operating assets and liabilities provided
 455,994 of cash from operating activities. 

33 

Net
Cash used in Investing Activities 

For the nine months ended September
 30, 2024, the Company used cash of 190,391 in investing activities consisting of capitalized patent costs. 

For the nine months ended September
 30, 2023, the Company used cash of 301,528 in investing activities consisting of capitalized patent costs. 

Net Cash
provided by Financing Activities 

For the nine months ended September 
30, 2024, the Company generated cash of 7,056,000 from financing activities. The Company received proceeds from Private Placement financing
and convertible notes of 7,850,000 and 527,500, respectively. These increases were offset by repayment of related party advances of
 911,091. 

For the nine months ended September
 30, 2023, the Company generated cash of 2,980,851 from financing activities, consisting of capital contributions by G3. 

Going
Concern Considerations, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Since
Solidion s inception, the Company has experienced recurring net losses and has generated minimal sales. This raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s ability to fund our operations and capital
expenditures depends on our ability to raise additional external capital. This is subject to our future operating performance and general
economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other conditions, some of which are beyond our control. We are currently
engaged in discussions with various financing counterparties to secure sufficient capital to meet our business needs for the foreseeable
future. The Company plans to finance its operations with proceeds from the sale of equity securities, government grants and loans, or
debt; however, there is no assurance that management s plans to obtain additional debt, grants or equity financing will be successfully
implemented or implemented on terms favorable to the Company. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated
deficit of 104,336,032 . Additionally, 3,056,482 in NUBI transaction costs incurred were accrued
at the Closing Date in connection with the Merger and are due to be paid within the next twelve (12) months. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred losses from operations totaling 10,885,651 and net
cash used in operating activities of 5,677,192. We expect to continue to incur such losses for at least the next twelve (12) months. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

At
September 30, 2024, we have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or
commitments of other entities, or entered into any non-financial agreements involving assets. 

34 

Contractual
Obligations 

As
of September 30, 2024, our contractual obligations are as follows: 

Total 
 
 Due to related party 
 87,873 
 
 Income tax payable 
 89,267 
 
 Excise taxes 
 890,385 
 
 Convertible notes 
 527,500 
 
 Short-term notes payable 
 1,953,335 
 
 Total 
 3,548,360 

The
amounts above reflect current liabilities presented on the Company s financial statements. 

At
September 30, 2024, we did not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

We
prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which require our management to make
estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the balance
sheet dates, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. To the extent that there are material
differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations would be affected. We base our
estimates on our own historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable after taking account of our circumstances
and expectations for the future based on available information. We evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. 

We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: (i) the accounting
estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made, and (ii)
changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period or use of different estimates that we reasonably could
have used in the current period, would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. There are items within
our financial statement that require estimation but are not deemed critical, as defined above. We have identified the following as
our critical accounting estimate as of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024: 

Forward
Purchase Agreement 

The Company accounts for the forward purchase
agreement as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the FPA specific terms and applicable
authoritative guidance in FASB ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ), and FASB ASC 815,
 Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the FPA are freestanding financial instruments
pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the FPA meets all of the requirements for equity
classification under ASC 815, including whether the FPA is indexed to the Company s own common shares and whether the FPA holders
could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions
for equity classification. This assessment is conducted at the time of FPA issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date
while the FPA are outstanding. 

For
issued or modified FPA that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the FPA is required to be recorded as a component of
additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified FPAs that do not meet all of the criteria for equity classification,
the FPA are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. The
Company accounts for outstanding FPA as liability-classified instruments. 

The fair value of the FPA is Level 3. The determination
of the fair value requires significant estimates and judgments. Please see Note 14 Fair Value Measurements to the financial statements
for the significant assumptions and estimates. 

Changes
in the significant assumptions and estimates could materially impact the valuation and the amounts recorded in the financial statements. 

35 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09), which requires
disclosures of incremental income tax information within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes paid, among
other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-09 is effective for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company s management does not believe the adoption of ASU 2023-09 will have a material impact on its financial statements and
disclosures. 

In
November 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable
Segment Disclosures, to enhance disclosures for significant segment expenses for all public entities required to report segment
information in accordance with ASC 280. The standard did not change the definition of a segment, the method for determining segments
or the criteria for aggregating operating segments into reportable segments. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Retrospective adoption is required
for all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The adoption is not expected to have a material impact to the Company s
financial statements or disclosures. 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

This
item is not applicable as we are a smaller reporting company. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision, and with the participation, of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as
of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024 because of a material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting, as further described below. 

Notwithstanding the conclusion by our principal executive officer and
principal financial and accounting officer that our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024 were not effective, and
notwithstanding the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below, management believes that our financial
statements and related financial information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present in all material respects our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

36 

Material
Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A
material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that
a reasonable possibility exists that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. 

In
connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the period ended June 30, 2024, we identified a material weakness in
our internal control over reporting related to accounting due to an insufficient complement of qualified technical accounting and financial
reporting personnel to perform control activities involving complex and/or non-routine transactions. This material weakness contributed
to an additional material weakness in controls over the period end financial reporting process and preparation of financial statements
not being executed timely. 

These
control deficiencies could have resulted in a misstatement of one or more account balances or disclosures that would result in a material
misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 

Management s
Plan to Remediate the Material Weaknesses 

Remedial
actions have been and are being implemented to address the underlying causes of the material weaknesses, including improving technical
processes around non-routine or complex transactions, supplementing the technical capabilities of our accounting staff with additional
contract resources and improving the documentation of the review of the accounting, presentation and disclosure of such transactions. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

37 

PART
II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this item. 

ITEM
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

On March 13, 2024, we
entered into a private placement transaction (the Private Placement ), pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain
institutional investors (the Investors for aggregate gross proceeds of 3,850,000, before deducting fees to the placement
agent and other expenses payable by the Company in connection with the Private Placement. The Company intends to use the net proceeds
from the Private Placement for working capital and general corporate purposes. EF Hutton, LLC, acted as the exclusive placement agent
for the Private Placement. The Private Placement closed on March 15, 2024. As part of the Private Placement, the Company issued an aggregate
of 5,133,332 units and pre-funded units (collectively, the Units at a purchase price of 0.75 per unit (less 0.0001 per
pre-funded unit). Each Unit consists of (i) one share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share of the Company (the Common Stock (or one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock), (ii) two Series A warrants each to purchase one share of Common Stock
and (iii) one Series B warrant to purchase such number of shares of Common Stock as determined on the Reset Date (as defined below), and
in accordance with the terms therein. The securities issued in connection with the Private Placement were issued pursuant to the exemption
from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Investors are accredited investors for purposes of Rule 501
of Regulation D. 

On August 30, 2024, we
entered into a private placement transaction (the Private Placement ), pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain
institutional investors (the Investors for aggregate gross proceeds of 4,000,000, before deducting fees to the placement
agent and other expenses payable by the Company in connection with the Private Placement. The Company intends to use the net proceeds
from the Private Placement for working capital and general corporate purposes. EF Hutton, LLC, acted as the exclusive placement agent
for the Private Placement. The Private Placement closed on September 5, 2024. As part of the Private Placement, the Company issued an
aggregate of 12,217,468 units and pre-funded units (collectively, the Units at a purchase price of 0.3274 per unit (less
 0.0001 per pre-funded unit). Each Unit consists of (i) one share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share of the Company (the Common
Stock (or one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock), (ii) two Series C warrants each to purchase one share
of Common Stock and (iii) one Series D warrant to purchase such number of shares of Common Stock as determined on the Reset Date (as defined
below), and in accordance with the terms therein. The securities issued in connection with the Private Placement were issued pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Investors are accredited investors for purposes
of Rule 501 of Regulation D. 

ITEM
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
5. OTHER INFORMATION 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer
of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, 
as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

38 

ITEM
6. EXHIBITS 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

4.1 
 
 Form of Series C Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2024). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Series D Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2024). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Pre-funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2024). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2024). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2024). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Lockup Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2024). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2024). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Forward Purchase Agreement Confirmation Amendment, dated as of August 29, 2024, by and among Meteora Capital Partners, LP, Meteora Select Trading Opportunities Master, LP, Meteora Strategic Capital, LLC, Honeycomb Battery Company and Solidion Technology, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2024). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Strategic Cooperation Consulting Agreement, dated September 11, 2024, by and between Arbor Lake Capital Inc. and Solidion Technology, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2024). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended., as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

39 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Solidion
 Technology, Inc. 

Dated:
 November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jaymes Winters 

Name: 
 Jaymes
 Winters 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Solidion
 Technology, Inc. 

Dated:
 November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Vlad Prantsevich 

Name: 
 Vlad
 Prantsevich 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021851401ex31-1_solidion.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under
the 

 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Jaymes Winters, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Solidion Technology, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) [omitted pursuant to the transition
period exemption for newly public companies.] 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 /s/ Jaymes Winters 

Name: 
 Jaymes Winters 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021851401ex31-2_solidion.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(e) under
the 

 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Vlad Prantsevich, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Solidion Technology, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 [omitted pursuant to the transition period exemption for newly public companies.] 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 /s/ Vlad Prantsevich 

Name: 
 Vlad Prantsevich 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021851401ex32-1_solidion.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Solidion Technology, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jaymes Winters, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 /s/ Jaymes Winters 

Name: 
 Jaymes Winters 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021851401ex32-2_solidion.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Solidion Technology, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Vlad Prantsevich, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 /s/ Vlad Prantsevich 

Name: 
 Vlad Prantsevich 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sti-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sti-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sti-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sti-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sti-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

