<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1512673_0001628280-24-046294.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13377795</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>321276</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1998926</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5488747</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2709458</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2563509</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-046294.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107161812
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-046294
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Block, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001512673
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				800429876
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37622
		FILM NUMBER:		241436082

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1955 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-375-3176

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1955 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Square, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-046294.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 sq-20240930.htm
 10-Q

sq-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________ 
 FORM 
 ______________________ 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 ______________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________ (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 1 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024, the number of shares (in thousands) of the registrant s Class A and Class B common stock outstanding were and , respectively. 
 1 We have adopted a distributed work model and, therefore, have no formal headquarters. This address represents our "principal executive office," which we are required to identify under Securities and Exchange Commission rules. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. PART I Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 9 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 11 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 57 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 57 
 PART II Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 58 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 59 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 97 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 97 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 97 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 97 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 98 
 Signatures 
 99 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as may, will, appears, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, or continue, or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements about our future financial and operating performance, our expectations regarding transaction and loan losses, the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses on loans held for investment, or increased delinquencies, and the impact of inaccurate estimates or inadequate reserves, our anticipated growth and growth strategies and our ability to effectively manage that growth, our ability to invest in and develop our products and services to operate with changing technology, the expected benefits of our products to our customers and the impact of our products on our business, our expectations regarding product launches, the expected impact of the integration of Afterpay Limited ("Afterpay"), trends in our markets and the continuation of such trends, our expectations related to our plans to cap our employee base, our plans with respect to patents and other intellectual property, our expectations regarding litigation and regulatory matters and the adequacy of reserves for such matters, our expectations regarding share-based compensation, our expectations regarding the impacts of accounting guidance and the timing of our compliance therewith, our expectations regarding restricted cash, and the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements. 
 
 We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects, business strategy, and financial needs. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We cannot assure you that the results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 All forward-looking statements are based on information and estimates available to us at the time of filing this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are not guarantees of future performance. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. 

Part I Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 BLOCK, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets (Unaudited) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Investments in short-term debt securities Settlements receivable Customer funds Consumer receivables, net Loans held for sale Safeguarding asset related to bitcoin held for other parties Other current assets Total current assets Goodwill Acquired intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Customers payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt (Note 12) 
 Warehouse funding facilities, current Safeguarding obligation liability related to bitcoin held for other parties Total current liabilities Warehouse funding facilities, non-current Long-term debt (Note 12) 
 Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 
 par value: shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Class A common stock, par value: shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Class B common stock, par value: shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) ) Total stockholders equity attributable to common stockholders Noncontrolling interests ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

BLOCK, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Transaction-based revenue Subscription and services-based revenue Hardware revenue Bitcoin revenue Total net revenue Cost of revenue: Transaction-based costs Subscription and services-based costs Hardware costs Bitcoin costs Amortization of acquired technology assets Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Product development Sales and marketing General and administrative Transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses Amortization of customer and other acquired intangible assets Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense (income), net ) ) ) Other expense (income), net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income tax ) ) Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) ) ) Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted-average shares used to compute net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

BLOCK, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Net foreign currency translation adjustments (i) 
 ) ) Net unrealized gain on marketable debt securities Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 (i) million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes foreign currency translation losses related to goodwill of million and million, respectively. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

BLOCK, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 Class A and B common stock Common stock and additional paid-in Accumulated other comprehensive Retained earnings (accumulated Noncontrolling Total stockholders shares capital loss deficit) interests equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Shares issued in connection with employee stock plans Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Change in other comprehensive loss ) ) Share-based compensation Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Shares issued in connection with employee stock plans Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Change in other comprehensive loss Share-based compensation Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Shares issued in connection with employee stock plans Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Change in other comprehensive loss Share-based compensation Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

BLOCK, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY - Continued 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Class A and B common stock Common stock and additional paid-in Accumulated other comprehensive Accumulated Noncontrolling Total stockholders shares capital loss 
 deficit interests equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Cumulative adjustment due to adoption of ASU 2023-08 Net income (loss) ) Shares issued in connection with employee stock plans Change in other comprehensive loss ) ) Share-based compensation Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Shares issued in connection with employee stock plans Change in other comprehensive loss Share-based compensation Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Shares issued in connection with employee stock plans Change in other comprehensive loss ) ) Share-based compensation Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

BLOCK, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of discounts and premiums and other non-cash adjustments ) ) Non-cash lease expense Share-based compensation Loss on revaluation of equity investments Bitcoin remeasurement ) ) Transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses Change in deferred income taxes ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Settlements receivable ) Purchases and originations of loans ) ) Proceeds from payments and forgiveness of loans Customers payable ) Settlements payable ) Other assets and liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable debt securities ) ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable debt securities Proceeds from sale of marketable debt securities Payments for originations of consumer receivables ) ) Proceeds from principal repayments and sales of consumer receivables Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchases of other investments ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

BLOCK, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - Continued 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Payments of debt issuance costs from issuance of senior notes ) Repayments of Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility advances ) Payments to redeem convertible notes ) Proceeds from warehouse facilities borrowings Repayments of warehouse facilities borrowings ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and purchases under the employee stock purchase plan Net increase in interest-bearing deposits Repurchases of common stock ) Other financing activities ) ) Change in customer funds, restricted from use in the Company's operations ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of foreign exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and customer funds Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and customer funds, beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and customer funds, end of the period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and customer funds: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term restricted cash Long-term restricted cash Customer funds cash and cash equivalents Total 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

BLOCK, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Unaudited 

NOTE 1 - 
 reportable segments, Square and Cash App. Square is a cohesive commerce ecosystem that helps sellers start, run, and grow their businesses, including enabling sellers to accept card payments, providing reporting and analytics, and facilitating next-day settlement. Square s point-of-sale software and other business services help sellers manage inventory, locations, and employees; access financial services; engage buyers; build a website or online store; and grow sales. Cash App is an ecosystem of financial products and services focused on helping consumers make their money go further by enabling customers to store, send, receive, spend, invest, borrow, or save their money. Cash App seeks to redefine the world s relationship with money by making it more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible. 
 
 Block was founded in 2009 and has offices globally. The Company does not designate a headquarters location as it adopted a distributed work model in 2021. 

million as of the beginning of fiscal year 2023. 
 
 11 

As such, the previously reported condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 have been revised to reflect the adoption of ASU 2023-08. ) ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: 
 Basic 
 ) ) ) Diluted 
 ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 As Previously Reported (i) 
 Adjustments (ii) 
 As Adjusted Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders (iii) 
 ) ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: 
 Basic 
 ) ) Diluted 
 ) ) ___________________ (i) As reported in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2023. 
 (ii) The adjustment had no impact on previously reported cash flows from operating, investing, or financing activities within the Company's condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 (iii) Financial statement lines item impacted within the condensed consolidated statements of operations were "Other expense (income), net" and "Provision (benefit) for income taxes." 

12 

Refer to Note 5, Fair Value Measurements for further details on amortized cost over fair value of the loans, Note 6, Consumer Receivables, net for further details on consumer receivables, Note 7, Customer Loans for further details on customer loans, and Note 9, Other Consolidated Balance Sheet Components (Current) for further details on transaction losses. 
 
 third-party payment processors that represented approximately , , and of settlements receivable as of September 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had parties that represented approximately and of settlements receivable. In both periods, all other third-party payment processors were insignificant. Certain of the Company's products are reliant on third-party service providers such as partner banks, card issuers, and payment service providers. The Company's relationships with third-party service providers may result in operational concentration risks for some of these products. 
 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, marketable debt securities, settlements receivable, customer funds, consumer receivables, loans held for sale, and loans held for investment. To mitigate the risk of concentration associated with cash and cash equivalents, as well as restricted cash, funds are held with creditworthy institutions and, at certain times, temporarily swept into insured programs overnight to reduce single firm concentration risk. Amounts on deposit may exceed federal deposit insurance limits. The associated risk of concentration for marketable debt securities is mitigated by holding a diversified portfolio of highly rated investments. Settlements receivable are amounts due from well-established payment processing companies and normally take one or two business days to settle, which mitigates the associated risk of concentration. The associated risk of concentration for loans and consumer receivables is partially mitigated by credit evaluations that are performed prior to facilitating the offering of loans and receivables and ongoing performance monitoring of the Company s loan customers. 

million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The C ompany also records The Company recorded million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, for such expenses. 
 
 13 

NOTE 2 - 
 
 Subscription and services-based revenue Hardware revenue Bitcoin revenue Revenue from other sources: Subscription and services-based revenue (i) 
 Total net revenue 
 
 (i) Subscription and services-based revenue from other sources relates to revenue generated from the Company's Square Loans, revenue generated from consumer receivables originated through our buy now, pay later ("BNPL") platform, interest income earned on customer funds, and interest income earned on funds held by Square Financial Services, Inc. ("Square Financial Services"). 
 
 14 

NOTE 3 - 
 
 ) Corporate bonds ) Commercial paper Municipal securities Certificates of deposit U.S. government securities ) Total ) Long-term debt securities: U.S. agency securities ) Corporate bonds ) Municipal securities ) Certificates of deposit U.S. government securities ) Total ) 
 
 The Company's short-term and long-term investments as of December 31, 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Short-term debt securities: U.S. agency securities ) Corporate bonds ) Commercial paper Municipal securities ) Certificates of deposit U.S. government securities ) Foreign government securities ) Total ) Long-term debt securities: Corporate bonds ) Municipal securities ) U.S. government securities ) Total ) 
 
 The amortized cost of investments classified as cash equivalents approximated the fair value due to the short-term nature of the investments. 
 
 15 

) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) U.S. government securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Long-term debt securities: U.S. agency securities ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) U.S. government securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Less than 12 Months Greater than 12 Months Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Short-term debt securities: U.S. agency securities ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) U.S. government securities ) ) ) Foreign government securities ) ) Total ) ) ) Long-term debt securities: Corporate bonds ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) U.S. government securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 16 

Due in one to five years Total 

NOTE 4 - 
 
 Cash equivalents: Money market funds Reverse repurchase agreement (i) 
 Total customer funds 
 
 (i) The Company has accounted for the reverse repurchase agreement with various third parties as an overnight lending arrangement, collateralized by the securities subject to the repurchase agreement. The Company classifies the amounts due from the counterparties as cash equivalents due to their short-term nature. 
 
 The amortized cost of investments classified as cash equivalents approximated the fair value due to the short-term nature of the investments. 

NOTE 5 - 
 
 The Company was not aware of any actual or possible safeguarding loss events as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 17 

U.S. government securities Commercial paper Corporate bonds Restricted cash: Money market funds Customer funds: Money market funds Reverse repurchase agreement Short-term debt securities: U.S. government securities Corporate bonds U.S. agency securities Certificates of deposit Commercial paper Municipal securities Foreign government securities Long-term debt securities: U.S. government securities Corporate bonds U.S. agency securities Certificates of deposit Municipal securities Other: Investment in marketable equity securities Bitcoin investment (i) 
 Safeguarding asset related to bitcoin held for other parties Safeguarding obligation liability related to bitcoin held for other parties ) ) Total assets (liabilities) measured at fair value 
 
 (i) The Company holds an immaterial amount of bitcoin for operating purposes and, given the bitcoin is held for a relatively short period of time, typically being purchased and sold within a day, the fair value approximates carrying value. Refer to Note 11, Bitcoin for more details. 
 
 The carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, including settlements receivable, consumer receivables, accounts payable, customers payable, accrued expenses, and settlements payable, approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature. The carrying amounts of the Company's warehouse funding facilities approximate their fair values. 
 
 18 

2031 Senior Notes 2032 Senior Notes 2025 Convertible Notes 2026 Convertible Notes 2027 Convertible Notes Total 
 
 The estimated fair value and carrying value of loans held for sale and loans held for investment were as follows (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Carrying Value Fair Value (Level 3) Carrying Value Fair Value (Level 3) Loans held for sale Loans held for investment Total 
 
 If applicable, the Company will recognize transfers into and out of levels within the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period in which the actual event or change in circumstance occurs. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company did not have any transfers in or out of Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 assets or liabilities. 

NOTE 6 - 
 
 to days. 
 
 The Company closely monitors credit quality for consumer receivables to manage and evaluate its related exposure to credit risk. The criteria the Company monitors when assessing the credit quality and risk of its consumer receivables portfolio is primarily based on internal risk assessments, as they provide insight into customer risk profiles and are useful as indicators of potential future credit losses. Consumer receivables are internally rated as "Pass" or "Classified." Pass rated consumer receivables generally consist of consumer receivables that are current or up to days past due. Classified consumer receivables are generally comprised of consumer receivables that are greater than days past due and have a higher risk of default. Internal risk ratings are reviewed and, generally, updated at least once a year. As of September 30, 2024, the amortized cost of Pass rated consumer receivables was billion and the amount of Classified consumer receivables was million. 
 
 19 

1 - 60 days past due 61 - 90 days past due 90+ days past due Total amortized cost 
 
 The amount listed as 1 - 60 days past due in the above table includes million and million of cash in transit as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which reflects ongoing repayments from consumers that have been sent from consumers bank accounts but have not yet been received at the Company s bank account as of the date of the financial statements. 
 
 Consumer receivables are charged off when they are over days past due as the Company has no reasonable expectation of recovery. When consumer receivables are charged off, the Company recognizes the charge against the allowance for credit losses. While the Company expects collections at that point to be unlikely, the Company may recover amounts from the respective consumers. Any subsequent recoveries following charge-off are credited to transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations in the period they were recovered. The amount of recoveries for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were immaterial. 
 
 Provision for credit losses Charge-offs and other adjustments ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange effect ) ) Allowance for credit losses, end of the period 

NOTE 7 - 
 
 million and million, respectively, as loans held for investment, net of allowance, included in other current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 9, Other Consolidated Balance Sheet Components (Current) for more details. 
 
 Loans held for investment are recorded at amortized cost, less an allowance for potential uncollectible amounts. Amortized cost basis represents principal amounts outstanding, net of unearned income, unamortized deferred fees and costs on originated loans, premiums or discounts on purchased loans and charge-offs. The allowance for loan losses, amount of charge offs recorded, and amount of recoveries as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were immaterial. 
 
 20 

days past due to be delinquent, and loans days or more past due to be nonperforming. Loans that are days or more past due are generally considered to be uncollectible and are written off. When a loan is identified as nonperforming, recognition of income is discontinued. Loans are restored to performing status after total overdue unpaid amounts are repaid and the Company has reasonable assurance that performance under the terms of the loan will continue. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount of loans that were identified as nonperforming loans was immaterial. 
 
 The Company closely monitors economic conditions and loan performance trends to assess and manage its exposure to credit risk. The criteria the Company monitors when assessing the credit quality and risk of its loan portfolio is primarily based on internal risk ratings, as they provide insight into borrower risk profiles and are useful as indicators of potential future credit losses. Loans are internally rated as "Pass" or "Classified." Pass rated loans generally consist of loans that are current or up to days past due. Classified loans generally comprise of loans that are days or greater past due and have a higher risk of default. Internal risk ratings are reviewed and, generally, updated at least once a year. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amortized cost of Pass rated loans was million and million, respectively, and the amount of Classified loans was immaterial for both periods. 
 
 Loans Held for Sale 
 
 The Company classifies loans as held for sale when there is an available market for such loans and it is the Company s intent to sell all of its rights, title, and interest in these loans to third-party investors. Loans held for sale primarily include Square Loans and Cash App Borrow products. Square Loans are loans facilitated by Square Financial Services to qualified Square sellers, while Cash App Borrow is a credit product for consumers that allows customers to access short-term loans for a small fee. Loans held for sale are recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. Square Loans that are days or more past due are generally considered to be uncollectible and are written off. 
 
 The Company aggregates loans held for sale by the intended customer of the loan product. Commercial loans held for sale include Square Loans, Consumer loans held for sale primarily include loans initiated through Cash App Borrow and consumer lending loans, and Other loans held for sale include loans outside of consumer and commercial loans. 
 
 Commercial Other Total 
 
 21 

NOTE 8 - 
 
 years ) Customer assets years ) Trade names years ) Other years ) Total ) 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 Weighted Average Estimated Useful Life Cost Accumulated Amortization Net Technology assets years ) Customer assets years ) Trade names years ) Other years ) Total ) 
 
 All intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. 
 
 Acquisitions Amortization expense ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other adjustments ) ) Acquired intangible assets, net, end of the period 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

22 

NOTE 9 - 
 
 Processing costs receivable Loans held for investment, net of allowance for loan losses (ii) 
 Accounts receivable, net Inventory, net Prepaid expenses Short term deposits (iii) 
 Other Total 
 
 (i) Includes a portion invested in money market funds. Refer to Note 5, Fair Value Measurements for further details . 
 
 (ii) Refer to Note 7, Customer Loans for further details . 
 
 (iii) As of December 31, 2023, includes a million deposit held by a processor to meet requirements related to processing volumes under an arrangement that was executed in the fourth quarter of 2023. During the first quarter of 2024, this million deposit was returned to the Company. 
 
 Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
 
 Customer deposits Accounts payable Accrued transaction losses (i) 
 Accrued royalties Operating lease liabilities, current Other Total 
 
 (i) The Company is exposed to potential credit losses related to transactions processed by sellers that are subsequently subject to chargebacks when the Company is unable to collect from the sellers primarily due to insolvency. Generally, the Company estimates the potential loss rates based on historical experience that is continuously adjusted for new information and incorporates, where applicable, reasonable and supportable forecasts about future expectations. 
 
 23 

Provision for transaction losses Charge-offs to accrued transaction losses ) ) ) ) Accrued transaction losses, end of the period 
 
 In addition to amounts reflected in the table above, the Company recognized additional provision for transaction losses that was realized and written-off within the same period. Such losses are primarily related to Cash App transactions, such as peer-to-peer transactions, disputes, and negative balances, that are uncertain in nature. The Company recorded million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, for such losses. The Company recorded million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, for such losses. 

NOTE 10 - 
 
 Investments in long-term debt securities Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Investment in non-marketable equity securities (ii) 
 Restricted cash Other Total 
 
 (i) Refer to Note 11, Bitcoin for further details. 
 
 (ii) Investment in non-marketable equity securities represents the Company's investments in equity of non-public entities. These investments are measured using the measurement alternative and are therefore carried at cost, less impairment, adjusted for observable price changes from orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Adjustments are recorded within other expense (income), net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Unrealized gains and losses were immaterial during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 The following table summarizes the total carrying value of the Company's non-marketable equity securities measured using the measurement alternative, including our cumulative unrealized upward and downward adjustments made to the initial cost basis of the securities (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Initial cost basis Upward adjustments Downward adjustments (including impairment) ) ) Total carrying value 
 
 24 

Deferred tax liabilities Other Total 

NOTE 11 - 
 
 and bitcoins for investment purposes with a cost basis of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Remeasurement gain Balance at March 31, 2024 Additions Remeasurement loss ) Balance at June 30, 2024 Additions Remeasurement gain Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 25 

Cumulative effect of adoption of ASU 2023-08 Remeasurement gain Balance at March 31, 2023 Remeasurement gain Balance at June 30, 2023 Remeasurement loss ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 The Company s bitcoin for operating purposes is initially recorded at cost, inclusive of transaction costs. Subsequent to purchase, any sales related to bitcoin occur at its current market price, plus a small margin. As such, any change in fair value of bitcoin purchased and sold for customer orders is captured within bitcoin revenue. Given the small amount of bitcoin for operating purposes held at any time, and that the bitcoin is held for a relatively short period of time, typically being purchased and sold within a day, the changes in fair value are not material to the Company. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company held approximately and bitcoins, respectively, for operating purposes with a fair value of million and million, respectively, to facilitate the purchases and sales of bitcoin on behalf of Cash App customers. The bitcoin for operating purposes is reflected on the condensed consolidated balance sheets within Other current assets." 
 
 B) Bitcoin Held for Other Parties 
 
 The Company allows its Cash App customers to store their bitcoin in the Company s digital wallets free of charge. The Company also holds an immaterial amount of bitcoin from select trading partners to facilitate bitcoin transactions for customers on Cash App. Other than bitcoin, the Company does not hold or store any other types of crypto-assets for customers or trading partners. The Company holds the cryptographic key information and maintains the internal recordkeeping of the bitcoin held for other parties. The Company's contractual arrangements state that its customers and trading partners retain legal ownership of the bitcoin; have the right to sell, pledge, or transfer the bitcoin; and also benefit from the rewards and bear the risks associated with the ownership, including as a result of any bitcoin price fluctuations. The customer also bears the risk of loss as a result of fraud or theft, unless the loss was caused by the Company s gross negligence or the Company s willful misconduct. The Company does not use any of the bitcoin custodied for customers or trading partners as collateral for any of the Company s loans or other financing arrangements; nor does it lend or pledge bitcoin held for others to any third parties. The Company occasionally engages third-party custodians to store and safeguard bitcoin on the Company's behalf. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, an immaterial amount of the bitcoin was held by a third-party custodian on the Company's behalf. 
 
 The Company records a bitcoin safeguarding obligation liability and a corresponding bitcoin safeguarding asset based on the fair value of the bitcoin held for other parties at each reporting date in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 121 ("SAB 121"). The Company was not aware of any actual or possible safeguarding loss events as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023, and accordingly, the bitcoin safeguarding obligation liability and the associated bitcoin safeguarding asset were recorded at the same value. 
 
 Safeguarding obligation liability related to bitcoin held for other parties Safeguarding asset related to bitcoin held for other parties 
 
 26 

NOTE 12 - 
 
 ) 2031 Senior Notes ) 2032 Senior Notes ) 2025 Convertible Notes (i) 
 ) 2026 Convertible Notes ) 2027 Convertible Notes ) Total ) 
 
 (i) Net carrying value disclosed as current portion of long-term debt within total current liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company's Notes as of December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Principal Outstanding Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs Net Carrying Value 2026 Senior Notes ) 2031 Senior Notes ) 2025 Convertible Notes ) 2026 Convertible Notes ) 2027 Convertible Notes ) Total ) 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total 

27 

billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2032 ("2032 Senior Notes"). The 2032 Senior Notes mature on May 15, 2032, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on November 15, 2024. At any time prior to May 15, 2027, the Company may redeem the 2032 Senior Notes, in whole or part, at a price equal to of the principal amount of the 2032 Senior Notes to be redeemed plus an applicable premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. The applicable premium for the 2032 Senior Notes is the greater of (1) of the principal amount of such note, and (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of the present values at the redemption date of (i) the applicable redemption price of such note that would apply if such note were redeemed on May 15, 2027 plus (ii) the remaining scheduled payments of interest due on such note to, and including, May 15, 2027 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date) discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the treasury rate (as defined in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes) plus basis points, over (b) the principal amount of such note to be redeemed. On and after May 15, 2027, the Company may redeem the 2032 Senior Notes at specified prices as set forth in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. If the Company experiences a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes), the Company must offer to repurchase the 2032 Senior Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the applicable 2032 Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable repurchase date. 
 
 The indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes contains covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of the Company and/or its domestic restricted subsidiaries to create certain liens and certain indebtedness, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, or to transfer all or substantially all of the Company and its subsidiaries assets to another person. These covenants are subject to a number of other limitations and exceptions set forth in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes. 
 
 The indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes provides for customary events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to pay principal and interest, failure to comply with covenants, agreements or conditions, and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency involving the Company and its significant subsidiaries. In the case of an event of default arising from specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency involving the Company, all outstanding 2032 Senior Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If any other event of default under the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes occurs or is continuing, the trustee or holders of at least in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 2032 Senior Notes may declare all the 2032 Senior Notes to be due and payable immediately. 
 
 Debt issuance costs related to the 2032 Senior Notes were comprised of commissions payable to the initial purchasers of million and third party offering costs of million. Issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method at an effective interest rate of for the term of the 2032 Senior Notes. 
 
 Convertible Notes due in 2026 and 2027 
 
 On November 13, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate principal amount of billion of convertible senior notes comprised of million of convertible senior notes due 2026 ("2026 Convertible Notes") and million of convertible senior notes due 2027 ("2027 Convertible Notes"). The 2026 Convertible Notes mature on May 1, 2026, unless earlier converted or repurchased, and bear a rate of interest. The 2027 Convertible Notes mature on November 1, 2027, unless earlier converted or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year. 
 
 28 

billion of convertible senior notes ("2025 Convertible Notes"). The 2025 Convertible Notes mature on March 1, 2025, unless earlier converted or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 of each year. 
 
 The circumstances to allow the holders to convert their 2025 Convertible Notes were not met during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, certain holders of the 2025 Convertible Notes converted an immaterial aggregate principal amount of their 2025 Convertible Notes. The Company has settled the conversions through the issuance of an immaterial amount of shares of the Company's Class A common stock. As of September 30, 2024, the if-converted value did not exceed the outstanding principal amount of the 2025 Convertible Notes. 
 
 B) Revolving Credit Facility Other 
 
 In May 2020, the Company entered into a revolving credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement with certain lenders, which provides for a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility maturing on June 9, 2028. The Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant requiring the Company to maintain a minimum liquidity amount (consisting of the sum of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents plus Marketable Securities, each as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus undrawn available commitments under the Credit Agreement) of at least million, tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter. The Company is obligated to pay customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type including a commitment fee of to per annum on the undrawn portion of the revolving loan commitments available under the Credit Agreement. To date, funds have been drawn and letters of credit have been issued under the Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, million remained available for draw subject to compliance with our covenants. The Company incurred immaterial unused commitment fees during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest at the Company's option of (i) an annual rate based on the forward-looking term rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("Term SOFR") or (ii) a base rate. Loans based on Term SOFR shall bear interest at a rate equal to Term SOFR plus a margin of between and , depending on the Company's total net leverage ratio. Loans based on the base rate shall bear interest at a rate based on the highest of the prime rate, the federal funds rate plus , and Term SOFR with a tenor of one-month plus , in each case, plus a margin ranging from to , depending on the Company's total net leverage ratio. The Credit Agreement also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants typical for a financing of this type that, among other things, restricts the Company and certain of its subsidiaries ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, merge or consolidate or make certain dispositions, pay dividends and make distributions, enter into restrictive agreements, enter into agreements with affiliates, and make certain investments and acquisitions. 
 
 The Company also has uncommitted and unsecured lines of credit with certain third-party banks for short-term liquidity needs, subject to availability of funds, through Square Financial Services. These lines of credit were immaterial in the aggregate and there were no outstanding balances as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

29 

billion on a revolving basis, of which million was drawn and million remained available. All Warehouse Facilities contain portfolio parameters based on performance of the underlying consumer receivables, which each respective region has satisfied as of September 30, 2024. None of the Warehouse Facilities contain corporate financial covenants. 
 
 All Warehouse Facilities are on a variable rate basis which aligns closely to the weighted-average life of the consumer receivables they finance. Borrowings under these facilities bear interest at (i) a base rate aligned to either the local risk free rate, such as Term SOFR and the Sterling Overnight Index Average or similar, and (ii) a margin which is set for the term of the availability period. The interest expense incurred on the Company's Warehouse Facilities is included within general and administrative as part of the Company's operating expenses. Interest expense on the Company's Warehouse Facilities was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. In addition, each Warehouse Facility requires payment of immaterial commitment fees. 
 
 2026 2027 Total 
 
 (i) Future scheduled principal payments in 2025 are disclosed as warehouse funding facilities, current within total current liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

NOTE 13 - 
 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to an income tax expense of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The difference between income before income tax at the U.S. federal statutory rate and the income tax expense recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily due to a change in the valuation allowance in the U.S. related to the utilization of tax loss carryovers and tax credits, stock based compensation tax deductions for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and the tax rate differential on the earnings and losses of certain tax jurisdictions. 
 
 The difference between the income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and the income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily relates to a change in the mix of income by jurisdiction. In addition, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, certain U.S. domiciled Afterpay entities (collectively "Afterpay U.S.") were included in the annual effective tax rate and had a current year loss, which generated a partial tax benefit due to the deferred tax liabilities available to recognize those losses. On October 31, 2023, Afterpay U.S. was integrated into Block, Inc. s U.S. federal consolidated filing group. As the Afterpay U.S. integration was a one-time event, there is no corresponding benefit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 30 

NOTE 14 - 
 
 billion of the Company s Class A common stock. On July 25, 2024, the board of directors of the Company authorized an increase to the Company's share repurchase program to repurchase up to an additional billion of the Company s Class A common stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased million shares of its Class A common stock for an aggregate amount of million. As of September 30, 2024, billion remained available and authorized for repurchases under this share repurchase program. 
 
 Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of its Class A common stock and may be suspended at any time at the Company s discretion. The timing and number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the stock price, business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. 
 
 Stock Plans 
 
 The 2015 Equity Incentive Plan ("2015 Plan") provides that the number of shares available for issuance under the 2015 Plan will be increased on the first day of each fiscal year, in an amount equal to the least of (i) million shares, (ii) of the outstanding shares on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) such other amount as our board of directors may determine. As of September 30, 2024, there were million shares available for future issuance under our 2015 Plan. 
 
 31 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding, end of the period Exercisable, end of the period 
 
 Restricted Stock Activity 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested, end of the period 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 Product development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total 
 
 The Company capitalized million and million of share-based compensation expense related to software costs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was billion of total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding stock options and RSUs that are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of . 
 
 32 

NOTE 15 - 
 
 ) ) Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Denominator: Basic shares: Weighted-average shares used to compute basic net income (loss) per share Diluted shares: Stock options, restricted stock, and employee stock purchase plan Convertible notes Weighted-average shares used to compute diluted net income (loss) per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 
 Convertible notes Common stock warrants Total anti-dilutive securities 
 
 33 

NOTE 16 - 
 
 years, with options to extend the lease term for terms. The lease possession date varied by floor, beginning in May 2020. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had recorded right-of-use assets of million and associated lease liabilities of million related to this lease arrangement. 
 
 Under the lease agreement, the Company also has an option to terminate the lease for up to of the leased space any time between January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2026, as well as an option to terminate the lease for the entire property on January 1, 2034. Termination penalties specified in the lease agreement will apply if the Company exercises any of the options to terminate the lease. On January 2, 2023, the Company notified the lessor of its intention to exercise the early termination option with respect to approximately of the leased space, effective December 31, 2023. As a result, the Company paid a termination penalty of approximately million to exercise the option in the first quarter of 2023. 

NOTE 17 - 

34 

to million in the aggregate for the fiscal years 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024. Additional taxes, interest, and penalties for future periods could be material as well. Given the Company has currently concluded that a loss for this matter is not probable, the Company has not recorded a liability for the exposure related to the dispute with the Tax Collector on San Francisco s gross receipts tax. 
 
 In addition, the Company is subject to various legal matters, investigations, subpoenas, inquiries, audits, claims, lawsuits and disputes, including with regulatory bodies and governmental agencies. The Company cannot at this time fairly estimate a reasonable range of exposure, if any, of the potential liability, if any, with respect to any of these other matters. Although the Company may be subject to an adverse decision or settlement, it does not believe that the final disposition of any of these other matters will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. However, the Company cannot give any assurance regarding the ultimate outcome of any of these matters, and their resolution could be material to the Company's operating results. 
 
 Purchase Commitments 
 
 From time to time, we may enter into non-cancelable purchase obligations related to cloud computing infrastructure. The commitment amounts in the table below are associated with contracts that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum services to be used, and the approximate timing of the actions under the contracts. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 
 Other Contingencies 
 
 The Company is under examination, or may be subject to examination, by several tax authorities. These examinations may lead to proposed adjustments to the Company's taxes or net operating losses with respect to years under examination, as well as subsequent periods. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from tax examinations to determine the adequacy of the Company's provision for direct and indirect taxes. The Company continues to monitor the progress of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the effect, if any, on the Company's provision for direct and indirect taxes. 
 
 35 

NOTE 18 - 
 
 reportable segments, Square and Cash App. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the financial results of the Company's BNPL platform were fully incorporated into the Cash App segment. Accordingly, the segment results below include the financial results of the BNPL platform solely within the Cash App segment. Products and services that are not assigned to a specific reportable segment, including but not limited to TIDAL and other emerging ecosystems, are aggregated and presented within a general Corporate and Other category. Square and Cash App are defined as follows: 
 
 Cash App includes the financial tools available to individuals within the mobile Cash App, including peer-to-peer payments, bitcoin and stock investments. Cash App also includes Cash App Card which is linked to customer stored balances that customers can use to pay for purchases or withdraw funds from an ATM. Cash App also includes the BNPL platform. 
 
 Square includes managed payment services, software solutions, hardware, and financial services offered to sellers, excluding those that involve Cash App. 

36 

Subscription and services-based revenue Hardware revenue Bitcoin revenue Segment revenue Segment gross profit (ii) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash App Square Corporate and Other (i) 
 Total Cash App Square Corporate and Other (i) 
 Total Revenue: Transaction-based revenue Subscription and services-based revenue Hardware revenue Bitcoin revenue Segment revenue Segment gross profit (ii) 

(i) Corporate and Other represents results related to products and services that are not assigned to a specific reportable segment, and intersegment eliminations. 
 
 (ii) Segment gross profit for Cash App for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 included million and million of amortization of acquired technology assets expense, respectively. Segment gross profit for Cash App for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 included million and million of amortization of acquired technology assets expense, respectively. Segment gross profit for Square for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 included million and million of amortization of acquired technology assets expense, respectively. Segment gross profit for Square for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 included million and million of amortization of acquired technology assets expense, respectively. Amortization of acquired technology assets expense included in Corporate and Other was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Amortization of acquired technology assets expense included in Corporate and Other was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 37 

Less: Product development Less: Sales and marketing Less: General and administrative Less: Transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses Less: Amortization of customer and other intangible assets Less: Interest expense (income), net ) ) ) Less: Other expense (income), net ) ) ) Income (loss) before applicable income taxes ) ) 
 Revenue 
 
 International Total 
 
 No individual country from the international markets contributed more than 10 of total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 
 Australia Other international Total 
 
 Assets by reportable segment were not included, as this information is not reviewed by the CODM to make operating decisions or allocate resources and is reviewed on a consolidated basis. 
 
 38 

NOTE 19 - 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations Purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 39 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the information set forth within the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The statements in this discussion regarding our expectations of our future performance, liquidity and capital resources, our plans, estimates, beliefs and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, and other non-historical statements in this discussion are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. 

Overview 
 
 We launched the Square ecosystem in February 2009 to enable businesses ("sellers") to accept card payments, an important capability that was previously inaccessible to many businesses. We have expanded to provide sellers additional products and services and to give them access to a cohesive ecosystem of tools to help them manage and grow their businesses. Similarly, with Cash App, we have built an ecosystem of financial products and services to help individuals manage their money. In January 2022, we completed the acquisition of Afterpay, a buy now, pay later ("BNPL") platform that facilitates commerce between retail merchants and consumers by allowing retail merchant clients to offer their customers the ability to buy goods and services on a BNPL basis. In addition, we also operate TIDAL, a global platform for musicians and fans, and TBD, an open developer platform, to contribute to our purpose of economic empowerment. 
 
 We delivered strong growth across our primary ecosystems in the third quarter of 2024, with gross profit of 2.2 billion, up 19 year over year. 
 
 Cash App generated gross profit of 1.3 billion in the third quarter of 2024, up 21 year over year. Performance was driven by strength across our financial services products. 
 
 Square generated gross profit of 932.4 million in the third quarter of 2024, up 16 year over year, driven by notable strength in our banking products and software and integrated payments. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2024, operating income was 323.0 million and Adjusted Operating Income was 443.5 million, compared to an operating loss of 9.9 million and Adjusted Operating Income of 89.7 million in the third quarter of 2023. For the same period, net income attributable to common stockholders was 283.8 million, compared to a net loss attributable to common stockholders of 88.7 million, and Adjusted EBITDA was 807.5 million, compared to 477.5 million. Net income for the third quarter of 2024 and net loss for the third quarter of 2023 included a gain of 5.3 million and loss of 28.2 million, respectively, from the remeasurement of our bitcoin investment. 
 
 Refer to the Key Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below for reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to their nearest generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") equivalents. 
 
 In 2023, we sharpened our focus on our organizational structure and expenditures with a view to identifying areas where we can be more cost efficient as we focus on disciplined growth and pursuing cost efficiencies. In the third quarter of 2024, we continued to make progress on these goals and we expect to continue these efforts through the remainder of the year, including implementing greater expense discipline and reassessing certain contractual vendor arrangements. In November 2023, we announced we would implement an absolute cap of 12,000 on the number of employees we have at our company, which we have achieved, and plan to continue to operate below this cap, through a combination of performance management, centralization of teams and functions to reduce duplication, and prioritization of our scope. We may continue to incur expenses, including restructuring costs, in the short term to implement these initiatives. We continue to realize benefits related to our focus on disciplined growth and cost efficiencies and we expect to continue to benefit from these actions in future periods. 
 
 40 

During the second quarter of 2024, we issued an aggregate principal amount of 2.0 billion of senior unsecured notes due 2032 ("2032 Senior Notes"). We ended the third quarter of 2024 with 10.7 billion in available liquidity, with 9.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and investments in marketable debt securities, as well as an undrawn amount of 775.0 million available under our revolving credit facility. This represents an increase of 3.0 billion from the end of 2023. 
 
 In October 2023, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1 billion of our Class A common stock. On July 25, 2024, our board of directors authorized an increase to this share repurchase program to repurchase up to an additional 3 billion of our Class A common stock, for a total overall authorization of 4 billion. The goal of the program is to return capital to shareholders. The timing and number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the stock price, business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. As of September 30, 2024, we have repurchased 1.1 billion of our Class A common stock under the program, of which 345.6 million was purchased in the third quarter of 2024. 

Results of Operations 
 Revenue (in thousands, except for percentages) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Transaction-based revenue 1,712,421 1,658,668 53,753 3 4,936,597 4,719,027 217,570 5 Subscription and services-based revenue 1,797,933 1,492,900 305,033 20 5,268,120 4,320,621 947,499 22 Hardware revenue 36,839 42,341 (5,502) NM (i) 
 112,300 124,714 (12,414) NM (i) 
 Bitcoin revenue 2,428,608 2,423,584 5,024 NM (i) 
 7,771,475 6,978,219 793,256 11 Total net revenue 5,975,801 5,617,493 358,308 6 18,088,492 16,142,581 1,945,911 12 
 (i) Not meaningful ("NM") 
 Total net revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 358.3 million, or 6 , and 1.9 billion, or 12 , compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Bitcoin revenue increased by 5.0 million and 793.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Excluding bitcoin revenue, total net revenue increased by 353.3 million, or 11 , and 1.2 billion, or 13 , in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Transaction-based revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 53.8 million, or 3 , and 217.6 million, or 5 , compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, driven primarily by growth in Gross Payment Volume ("GPV"), which grew by 4 and 5 in the same periods. The growth in Square GPV was driven by improvements in both card-present and card-not-present volumes including strength in online channels. See below in Key Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further discussion of GPV. 
 
 Subscription and services-based revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 305.0 million, or 20 , and 947.5 million, or 22 , compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. This increase was primarily due to growth in Cash App's financial service-related products, including Cash App Card, BNPL platform, Cash App Borrow, Instant Deposit, and Cash App Pay, as well as revenue from Square banking products. Revenue generated from the BNPL platform was 317.6 million and 895.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Revenue generated from the BNPL platform was 257.9 million and 717.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 41 

Bitcoin revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 5.0 million and 793.3 million, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As bitcoin revenue is the total sale amount of bitcoin to customers, the amount of bitcoin revenue recognized will fluctuate depending on customer demand as well as changes in the market price of bitcoin. The increase in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by an increase in the average market price of bitcoin, partially offset by a decrease in the quantity of bitcoin sold to customers, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. While bitcoin contributed 41 and 43 of the total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, gross profit generated from bitcoin was only 3 of the total gross profit for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2 and 3 of total gross profit in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Cost of Revenue (in thousands, except for percentages) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Transaction-based costs 1,011,476 984,658 26,818 3 2,884,696 2,755,968 128,728 5 Subscription and services-based costs 271,286 259,262 12,024 5 832,755 802,577 30,178 4 Hardware costs 62,091 78,338 (16,247) NM (i) 
 181,185 211,208 (30,023) NM (i) 
 Bitcoin costs 2,364,077 2,378,906 (14,829) NM (i) 
 7,559,416 6,838,914 720,502 11 Amortization of acquired technology assets 17,186 17,880 (694) NM (i) 
 52,802 54,780 (1,978) NM (i) 
 Total cost of revenue 3,726,116 3,719,044 7,072 NM (i) 
 11,510,854 10,663,447 847,407 8 
 
 (i) Not meaningful ("NM") 
 
 Total cost of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 7.1 million and 847.4 million, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Bitcoin costs of revenue, which increased by 720.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was the primary driver of the increase in total cost of revenue, with the remaining increase largely related to an increase in Square GPV. Excluding bitcoin costs of revenue, total cost of revenue increased by approximately 21.9 million, or 2 , and 126.9 million, or 3 , in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Transaction-based costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 26.8 million, or 3 , and 128.7 million, or 5 , compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, largely in line with GPV growth of 4 and 5 in the same periods. 
 
 Subscription and services-based costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 12.0 million, or 5 , and 30.2 million, or 4 , compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by growth in Cash App's financial service-related products, including Cash App Card and related processing costs and fees, BNPL platform, and bitcoin withdrawal fees, which was partially offset by favorable terms on such processing costs due to a contract renewal executed during the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Bitcoin costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 14.8 million, or 1 , and increased by 720.5 million, or 11 , compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Bitcoin costs are comprised of the total amount we pay to purchase bitcoin, which fluctuates in line with bitcoin revenue. 
 
 42 

Operating Expenses (in thousands, except for percentages) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Product development 710,983 713,788 (2,805) NM (i) 
 2,144,720 2,035,397 109,323 5 of total net revenue 12 13 12 13 of total gross profit 32 38 33 37 Sales and marketing 511,755 479,381 32,374 7 1,463,202 1,512,999 (49,797) (3) of total net revenue 9 9 8 9 of total gross profit 23 25 22 28 General and administrative 475,855 480,885 (5,030) NM (i) 
 1,420,683 1,463,003 (42,320) (3) of total net revenue 8 9 8 9 of total gross profit 21 25 22 27 Transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses 192,062 177,338 14,724 8 549,603 485,005 64,598 13 of total net revenue 3 3 3 3 of total gross profit 9 9 8 9 Amortization of customer and other acquired intangible assets 36,021 56,965 (20,944) (37) 120,116 130,917 (10,801) (8) of total net revenue 1 1 1 1 of total gross profit 2 3 2 2 Total operating expenses 1,926,676 1,908,357 18,319 1 5,698,324 5,627,321 71,003 1 
 
 (i) Not meaningful ("NM") 
 
 Product development expenses decreased by 2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in personnel costs of 52.4 million arising from cost efficiencies realized from the ongoing efforts to reduce headcount and expenditures. This decrease was partially offset by an increase of 42.7 million in software and cloud computing infrastructure fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of increased capacity needs and expansion of our cloud-based services. Product development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 109.3 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase of 130.9 million in software and cloud computing infrastructure fees as a result of increased capacity needs and expansion of our cloud-based services. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in personnel costs of 24.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, arising from cost efficiencies realized from the ongoing efforts to reduce headcount and expenditures. 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased by 32.4 million, or 7 , and decreased by 49.8 million, or 3 , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase in sales and marketing expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by charges related to changes to certain contractual arrangements as well as inventory write-offs. These charges were more than offset for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 by a decrease in marketing and other advertising costs as well as release of estimated chargeback losses of 27.3 million in the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 43 

General and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 5.0 million and 42.3 million compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to headcount related reductions in personnel costs of 69.4 million and 138.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as well as a reduction of facilities expenses of 5.0 million and 17.7 million, respectively, for the same periods. The decrease in expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was partially offset by higher legal expenses and other professional fees. Additionally, during the first quarter of 2024, we recognized a charge of 32.2 million related to adjustments of certain TIDAL acquisition deferred purchase consideration. During the second quarter of 2024, we derecognized 15.1 million of certain indemnification assets related to the TIDAL acquisition that were deemed no longer recoverable. 
 
 Transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 14.7 million, or 8 , and 64.6 million, or 13 , compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily due to: 
 
 an increase in loan losses of 57.3 million and 158.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, primarily due to increased loan volumes; partially offset by 
 
 a decrease in transaction losses of 42.6 million and 93.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The decrease in transaction losses is attributable to both an operational outage in the third quarter of 2023, which resulted in higher transaction losses incurred for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, as well as a release of previously established risk loss provisions in the second quarter of 2024 related to prior periods. 
 
 Amortization of customer and other acquired intangible assets for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 20.9 million, or 37 , and 10.8 million, or 8 , compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily as a result of revisions of certain intangibles' useful lives in the third quarter of 2023. Refer to Note 8, Acquired Intangible Assets within Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 
 Interest Expense (Income), Net, and Other Expense (Income), Net (in thousands, except for percentages) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Interest expense (income), net 13,811 (21,415) 35,226 (164) (6,805) (28,520) 21,715 (76) Other expense (income), net (14,949) 23,912 (38,861) (163) (193,241) (68,440) (124,801) 182 
 
 Interest expense, net, increased by 35.2 million and interest income, net, decreased by 21.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily due to an increase in interest expense related to our 2032 Senior Notes issued in the second quarter of 2024, which more than offset an increase in interest income received as a result of higher interest rates and investment balances. Refer to Note 12, Indebtedness within Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 
 Other income, net, of 14.9 million and 193.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, was driven by gains of 5.3 million and 168.6 million from the remeasurement of our bitcoin investment in the respective periods as well as accretion of investments in marketable debt securities. Refer to Note 11, Bitcoin within Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further details regarding the remeasurement of our bitcoin investment. Other expense, net, of 23.9 million and other income, net, of 68.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, was primarily due to a loss of 28.2 million and a gain of 83.9 million, respectively, from the remeasurement of our bitcoin investment in the respective periods, partially offset by unrealized losses on certain marketable and non-marketable investments. 
 
 44 

Segment Results 
 
 Square Results 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the revenue and gross profit for our Square segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (in thousands, except for percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Segment net revenue 2,001,737 1,853,382 148,355 8 5,711,265 5,220,473 490,792 9 Segment cost of revenue 1,069,381 1,048,044 21,337 2 3,036,053 2,919,533 116,520 4 Segment gross profit 932,356 805,338 127,018 16 2,675,212 2,300,940 374,272 16 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Revenue for the Square segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 148.4 million, or 8 , and 490.8 million, or 9 , compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily due to growth in Square GPV as well as growth in Square Banking products, which primarily include Square Loans, Instant Transfer, and Square Debit Card. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue for the Square segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 21.3 million, or 2 , and 116.5 million, or 4 , compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily due to an increase in Square GPV. 
 
 Cash App Results 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the revenue and gross profit for our Cash App segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (in thousands, except for percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Segment net revenue 3,929,573 3,713,928 215,645 6 12,231,304 10,771,254 1,460,050 14 Segment cost of revenue 2,623,630 2,636,439 (12,809) NM (i) 
 8,367,890 7,631,528 736,362 10 Segment gross profit 1,305,943 1,077,489 228,454 21 3,863,414 3,139,726 723,688 23 
 
 (i) Not meaningful ("NM") 
 
 45 

Revenue 
 
 Revenue for the Cash App segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 215.6 million, or 6 , and 1.5 billion, or 14 , compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase was due to the Cash App items referenced within the Company's overall revenue discussion. While bitcoin revenue contributed 62 and 64 of Cash App revenue for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, gross profit generated from bitcoin was only 5 of Cash App gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Excluding 2.4 billion and 7.8 billion in bitcoin revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, Cash App revenue increased by 210.6 million, or 16 , and 666.8 million, or 18 , compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue for the Cash App segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 12.8 million and increased by 736.4 million, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to a decrease in the quantity of bitcoin sold to customers, partially offset by the items referenced within the Company's overall cost of revenue discussion. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to the items referenced within the Company's overall cost of revenue discussion. Excluding 2.4 billion and 7.6 billion in bitcoin cost of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, Cash App cost of revenue increased by approximately 2.0 million, or 1 , and 15.9 million, or 2 , compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

Key Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We collect and analyze operating and financial data to evaluate the health of our business, allocate our resources, and assess our performance. In addition to total net revenue, operating income (loss), net income (loss), and other results reported under GAAP, the following table sets forth key operating metrics and non-GAAP financial measures we use to evaluate our business. We believe these metrics and measures are useful to facilitate period-to-period comparisons of our business and to facilitate comparisons of our performance to that of other payment solution providers. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gross Payment Volume (GPV) (in millions) 
 62,492 60,076 178,858 170,205 Adjusted Operating Income (in thousands) 
 443,518 89,749 1,206,900 166,222 Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands) 807,472 477,488 2,272,022 1,230,257 Adjusted Net Income Per Share: Basic 0.90 0.51 2.73 1.37 Diluted 0.88 0.50 2.66 1.33 
 
 Gross Payment Volume (GPV) 
 
 GPV includes Square GPV and Cash App Business GPV. Square GPV is defined as the total dollar amount of all card payments processed by sellers using Square, net of refunds, and ACH transfers. Cash App Business GPV is comprised of Cash App activity related to peer-to-peer transactions received by business accounts, and peer-to-peer payments sent from a credit card. GPV does not include transactions from our BNPL platform because GPV is related only to transaction-based revenue and not to subscription and services-based revenue. 
 
 46 

Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income Per Share ("Adjusted EPS") and Adjusted Operating Income 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures that represent our net income (loss) and net income (loss) per share, adjusted to eliminate the effect of items as described below. Adjusted Operating Income is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents our operating income (loss), adjusted to eliminate the effect of items as described below. 
 
 We have included these non-GAAP financial measures in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q because they are key measures used by our management to evaluate our operating performance, generate future operating plans, and make strategic decisions, including those relating to operating expenses and the allocation of internal resources. Accordingly, we believe these measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. In addition, they provide useful measures for period-to-period comparisons of our business, as they remove the effect of certain non-cash items and certain variable charges that do not vary with our operations. 
 
 We believe it is useful to exclude certain non-cash charges, such as amortization of intangible assets, and share-based compensation expenses, from our non-GAAP financial measures because the amount of such expenses in any specific period may not directly correlate to the underlying performance of our business operations. 
 
 We believe that excluding the expense related to amortization of debt discount and issuance costs from our non-GAAP measures is useful to investors because such incremental non-cash interest expense does not represent a current or future cash outflow for the Company and is therefore not indicative of our continuing operations or meaningful when comparing current results to past results. Additionally, for purposes of calculating diluted Adjusted EPS, we add back cash interest expense on convertible notes, as if converted at the beginning of the period, if the impact is dilutive. 
 
 We exclude the following from non-GAAP financial measures because we do not believe that these items are reflective of our ongoing business operations: gain or loss on the disposal of property and equipment; gain or loss on revaluation of equity investments; and gain or loss from the remeasurement of our bitcoin investment. 
 
 To aid in comparability of our results across periods, we also exclude certain acquisition-related and integration costs associated with business combinations, various restructuring and other costs, and goodwill impairment charges, each of which are not normal operating expenses. Acquisition-related costs include amounts paid to redeem acquirees unvested share-based compensation awards, charges associated with holdback liabilities, and legal, accounting, valuation, and due diligence costs. Integration costs include advisory and other professional services or consulting fees necessary to integrate acquired businesses. Contingencies, restructuring and other costs that are not reflective of our core business operating expenses may include contingent losses, severance costs, impairment charges, and certain litigation and regulatory charges. We also add back the impact of the acquired deferred revenue and deferred cost adjustment, which was written down to fair value in purchase accounting. 
 
 In addition to the items above, Adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP financial measure also excludes depreciation and amortization, other cash interest income and expense, and other income and expense. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations, should be considered as supplemental in nature, and are not meant as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. These limitations include the following: 
 
 share-based compensation expense has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of our compensation strategy; 
 
 the intangible assets being amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and the non-GAAP financial measures do not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditures or other capital commitments; and 
 
 non-GAAP measures do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs. 
 
 47 

In addition to the limitations above, Adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP financial measure does not reflect the effect of depreciation and amortization expense and related cash capital requirements, income taxes that may represent a reduction in cash available to us, and the effect of foreign currency exchange gains or losses, which is included in other income and expense. 
 
 In view of the limitations associated with Adjusted EBITDA, we also present Adjusted Operating Income (Loss), which is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes certain expenses that we believe are not reflective of our core operating performance, including amortization of intangible assets, acquisition-related accelerated share-based compensation expenses, and acquisition-related, integration, and other costs, and goodwill impairment charges. Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) does however include the effect of share-based compensation expense, which is a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of our compensation strategy, as well as depreciation expense. 
 
 Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate the non-GAAP financial measures differently or not at all, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 
 Because of these limitations, you should consider the non-GAAP financial measures alongside other financial performance measures, including net income (loss) and our other financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 48 

The following table presents a reconciliation of operating income (loss) to Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating income (loss) 323,009 (9,908) 879,314 (148,187) Amortization of acquired technology assets 17,186 17,880 52,802 54,780 Acquisition-related and integration costs 608 3,391 48,470 6,304 Contingencies, restructuring and other charges 66,694 21,421 99,561 122,408 Restructuring share-based compensation 6,637 Amortization of customer and other acquired intangible assets 36,021 56,965 120,116 130,917 Adjusted Operating Income 443,518 89,749 1,206,900 166,222 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 283,754 (88,738) 951,027 (92,464) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (2,618) (4,806) (9,199) (10,630) Net income (loss) 281,136 (93,544) 941,828 (103,094) Share-based compensation expense 324,055 345,690 948,954 944,529 Restructuring share-based compensation expense 6,637 Depreciation and amortization 92,706 115,518 287,249 303,236 Acquisition-related and integration costs 608 3,391 48,470 6,304 Contingencies, restructuring and other charges 66,694 21,421 99,561 122,408 Interest expense (income), net 13,811 (21,415) (6,805) (28,520) Other expense (income), net (14,949) 23,912 (193,241) (68,440) Provision for income taxes 43,011 81,139 137,532 51,867 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 384 1,355 1,784 1,889 Acquired deferred revenue and cost adjustment 16 21 53 78 Adjusted EBITDA 807,472 477,488 2,272,022 1,230,257 
 
 49 

The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted Net Income (Loss) Per Share for each of the periods indicated (in thousands, except per share data): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 283,754 (88,738) 951,027 (92,464) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (2,618) (4,806) (9,199) (10,630) Net income (loss) 281,136 (93,544) 941,828 (103,094) Share-based compensation expense 324,055 345,690 948,954 944,529 Restructuring share-based compensation expense 6,637 Acquisition-related and integration costs 608 3,391 48,470 6,304 Contingencies, restructuring and other charges 66,694 21,421 99,561 122,408 Amortization of intangible assets 53,207 74,845 172,918 185,697 Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs 4,042 2,973 10,545 8,807 Loss on revaluation of equity investments 
 2,952 583 469 16,838 Bitcoin remeasurement (5,288) 28,174 (168,576) (83,928) Loss on disposal of property and equipment 384 1,355 1,784 1,889 Acquired deferred revenue and cost adjustment 16 21 53 78 Tax effect of non-GAAP net income adjustments (173,408) (71,050) (377,262) (265,304) Adjusted Net Income - basic 554,398 313,859 1,685,381 834,224 Cash interest expense on convertible notes 682 680 2,029 2,874 Adjusted Net Income - diluted 555,080 314,539 1,687,410 837,098 Weighted-average shares used to compute Adjusted Net Income Per Share: Basic 616,428 611,276 616,830 606,767 Diluted 632,760 628,059 635,419 627,784 Adjusted Net Income Per Share: Basic 0.90 0.51 2.73 1.37 Diluted 0.88 0.50 2.66 1.33 
 
 Diluted Adjusted Net Income Per Share is computed by dividing Adjusted Net Income by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding adjusted for the dilutive effect of all potential shares of common stock. In periods when we reported an Adjusted Net Loss, diluted Adjusted Net Income Per Share is the same as basic Adjusted Net Income Per Share because the effects of potentially dilutive items were anti-dilutive. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of the tax effect of non-GAAP net income adjustments to our provision (benefit) for income taxes (in thousands, except effective tax rate): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Provision for income taxes, as reported 
 43,011 81,139 137,532 51,867 Tax effect of non-GAAP net income adjustments 173,408 71,050 377,262 265,304 Adjusted provision for income taxes, non-GAAP 216,419 152,189 514,794 317,171 Non-GAAP effective tax rate 30 40 25 29 
 
 We determined the adjusted provision for income taxes by calculating the estimated annual effective tax rate based on adjusted pre-tax income and applying it to Adjusted Net Income before income taxes. 
 
 50 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity Sources 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 10.7 billion in available liquidity, with 9.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and investments in marketable debt securities, which includes net proceeds of approximately 2.0 billion related to the issuance of our 2032 Senior Notes in the second quarter of 2024, as well as an undrawn amount of 775.0 million available under our revolving credit facility subject to compliance with the terms of the credit facility, including our covenants. Additionally, we had 517.8 million available to be withdrawn under our warehouse funding facilities. Refer to Note 12, Indebtedness within Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. We intend to continue focusing on our long-term business initiatives and believe that our available funds are sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future, including the additional 3 billion related to the share repurchase program. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial covenants associated with our revolving credit facility and senior notes. None of our warehouse funding facilities contain financial covenants. 
 
 The following table summarizes our available liquidity (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents 8,299,804 4,996,465 Short-term restricted cash (i) 
 630,933 770,380 Long-term restricted cash 69,915 71,812 Investments in short-term debt securities 504,986 851,901 Investments in long-term debt securities 432,176 251,127 Revolving credit facility 775,000 775,000 Total liquidity 10,712,814 7,716,685 
 
 (i) As of September 30, 2024, the Company has invested 197.1 million of restricted cash into a money market fund. See Note 5, Fair Value Measurements. 
 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, and investments in marketable debt securities. Customer funds cash and cash equivalents are excluded from our liquidity as these are funds we hold on behalf of customers that are separate from our corporate funds and are not available for corporate purposes. Investments in marketable debt securities were held primarily in certificates of deposits, money market funds, reverse repurchase agreements, U.S. government and agency securities, commercial paper, and corporate bonds. We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Our investments in marketable debt securities are classified as available-for-sale. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we held approximately 8,363 bitcoins for investment purposes ("bitcoin investment") with a fair value of 529.6 million based on observable market prices, which is included within Other non-current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. We believe cryptocurrency is an instrument of economic empowerment that aligns with our corporate purpose. We expect to hold these investments for the long-term but will continue to reassess our bitcoin investment relative to our balance sheet. Bitcoin is considered an indefinite-lived intangible asset, and upon adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-08, Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets , effective January 1, 2023, our bitcoin investment is remeasured at fair value at each reporting date with changes recognized in net income through Other expense (income), net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. We purchased approximately 152 and 325 bitcoins with a cost basis of 9.7 million and 21.1 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, for investment purposes. We did not sell any of our bitcoin investment during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. We recognized gains of 5.3 million and 168.6 million from the remeasurement of our bitcoin investment during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 51 

Our principal commitments consist of convertible notes, senior notes, revolving credit facility, warehouse funding facilities, operating leases, capital leases, and purchase commitments. Refer to Note 12, Indebtedness and Note 17, Commitments and Contingencies within Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more details on these commitments. 
 
 Senior Notes and Convertible Notes 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we held 6.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of debt, comprised of 1.0 billion in aggregate amount of convertible senior notes that mature on March 1, 2025 ("2025 Convertible Notes"), 575.0 million in aggregate amount of convertible senior notes that mature on May 1, 2026 ("2026 Convertible Notes"), and 575.0 million in aggregate amount of convertible senior notes that mature on November 1, 2027 ("2027 Convertible Notes," collectively referred to as the Convertible Notes ), as well as an outstanding 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes that mature on June 1, 2026 ("2026 Senior Notes"), 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes that mature on June 1, 2031 ("2031 Senior Notes"), and 2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes that mature on May 15, 2032 ("2032 Senior Notes" and, together with the 2026 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and, together with the Convertible Notes, the Notes ). Refer to Note 12, Indebtedness within Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 We have entered into a revolving credit agreement with certain lenders, as subsequently amended, which provides a 775.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "2020 Credit Facility") maturing in June 2028. Refer to Note 12, Indebtedness within Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 
 Warehouse Funding Facilities 
 
 We have warehouse funding facilities ("Warehouse Facilities") with an aggregate amount of 1.5 billion on a revolving basis, of which 965.8 million was drawn as of September 30, 2024. The Warehouse Facilities have been arranged utilizing wholly-owned and consolidated entities (collectively, the "Warehouse Special Purpose Entities (SPEs)") formed for the sole purpose of financing the origination of consumer receivables to partly fund our BNPL platform. Borrowings under the Warehouse Facilities are secured against the respective consumer receivables. While the Warehouse SPEs are included in our condensed consolidated financial statements, they are separate legal entities that maintain legal ownership of the receivables they hold. The assets of the Warehouse SPEs are not available to satisfy our claims or those of our creditors. 
 
 Cash, Restricted Cash, and Working Capital 
 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, investment in marketable debt securities, and availability under our line of credit will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs, including any expenditures related to strategic transactions and investment commitments that we may from time to time enter into, and planned capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. From time to time, we have raised capital by issuing equity, equity-linked, or debt securities such as our convertible notes and senior notes; and we may do so in the future. However, such funding may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 
 When we were last rated, in the second half of 2023, we received a non-investment grade rating by S P Global Ratings (BB+), Fitch Ratings, Inc. (BB+), and Moody's Corporation (Ba2), and the agencies re-affirmed our rating in the second quarter of 2024. We expect that these credit rating agencies will continue to monitor our performance, including our capital structure and results of operations. Our liquidity, access to capital, and borrowing costs could be adversely impacted by declines in our credit rating. 
 
 52 

Short-term restricted cash of 630.9 million as of September 30, 2024 primarily includes cash held by the Warehouse SPEs used in the Warehouse Facilities funding arrangements that will be used to pay the borrowings under the Warehouse Facilities or will be distributed to us. It also includes pledged cash deposits in accounts at the financial institutions that process our sellers' payment transactions and collateral pursuant to various agreements with banks relating to our products. We use restricted cash to secure letters of credit with the related financial institutions to provide collateral for cash flow timing differences in the processing of payments. We have recorded these amounts as current assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheet given the short-term nature of these cash flow timing differences and that there is no minimum time frame during which the cash must remain restricted. 
 
 Long-term restricted cash of 69.9 million as of September 30, 2024 is primarily related to cash held as collateral as required by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") for Square Financial Services. We have recorded these amounts as non-current assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as the requirement by the FDIC specifies a time frame of 12 months or longer during which the cash must remain restricted. 
 
 We experience significant day-to-day fluctuations in our cash and cash equivalents due to fluctuations in settlements receivable and customers payable, and hence working capital. These fluctuations are primarily due to: 
 
 Timing of period end. For periods that end on a weekend or a bank holiday, our cash and cash equivalents, settlements receivable, and customers payable balances typically will be higher than for periods ending on a weekday, as we settle to our sellers for payment processing activity on business days; and 
 
 Fluctuations in daily GPV. When daily GPV increases, our cash and cash equivalents, settlements receivable, and customers payable amounts increase. Typically our settlements receivable and customers payable balances at period end represent one to four days of receivables and disbursements to be made in the subsequent period. Customers payable, excluding amounts attributable to Cash App stored funds, and settlements receivable balances typically move in tandem, as pay-out and pay-in largely occur on the same business day. However, customers payable balances will be greater in amount than settlements receivable balances due to the fact that a subset of funds are held due to unlinked bank accounts, risk holds, and chargebacks. Customer funds obligations, which may be impacted by the timing of period end, number of processors used and processing times, are included in customers payable and may also cause customers payable to trend differently than settlements receivable. Holidays and day-of-week may also cause significant volatility in daily GPV amounts. 
 
 Safeguarding Obligation Liability and Safeguarding Asset Related to Bitcoin Held for Other Parties 
 
 As detailed in Note 11, Bitcoin within Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, we recorded a safeguarding obligation liability and a corresponding safeguarding asset related to the bitcoin held for other parties. As of September 30, 2024, the safeguarding obligation liability related to bitcoin held for other parties was 1.4 billion. We have taken steps to mitigate the potential risk of loss for the bitcoin held for other parties, including holding insurance coverage specifically for certain bitcoin incidents and using secure cold storage to store materially all of the bitcoin held for other partie s. Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 121 ("SAB 121") als o asks us to consider the legal ownership of the bitcoin held for other parties, including whether the bitcoin held for other parties would be available to satisfy general creditor claims in the event of Block s bankruptcy. The legal rights of people with respect to crypto-assets held on their behalf by a custodian, such as us, upon the custodian s bankruptcy have not yet been settled by courts and are highly fact dependent. Our contractual arrangements state that our customers and trading partners retain legal ownership of the bitcoin custodied by us on their behalf; they have the right to sell, pledge, or transfer the bitcoin; and they also benefit from the rewards and bear the risks associated with the ownership, including as a result of any bitcoin price fluctuations. We do not use any of the bitcoin held for other parties as collateral for our loans or any other financing arrangements, nor do we lend or pledge bitcoin held for others to any third parties. We have been monitoring and will continue to actively monitor legal and regulatory developments and may consider further steps, as appropriate, to support this contractual position so that in the event of Block s bankruptcy, the bitcoin custodied by us should not be deemed to be part of Block's bankruptcy estate. We do not expect potential future cash flows associated with the bitcoin safeguarding obligation liability. 
 
 53 

Cash Flow Activities 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flow activities (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,693,550 898,884 Net cash provided by investing activities 973,108 404,968 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1,245,092 (1,040,573) Effect of foreign exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents 13,600 (28,455) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and customer funds 3,925,350 234,824 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by operating activities was 1.7 billion, comprised of net income of 941.8 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses of 1.9 billion, consisting primarily of share-based compensation; transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses; and depreciation and amortization, all of which contributed positively to operating activities. These were partially offset by the amortization of discounts and other non-cash adjustments on consumer receivables of 824.2 million; net outflows from loan products of 467.8 million; and bitcoin remeasurement of 168.6 million. Additionally, there were net inflows related to changes in other assets and liabilities, including settlements receivable and customers payable, of 358.3 million due to the timing of period end. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash provided by operating activities was 898.9 million, comprised of net loss of 103.1 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses of 1.9 billion, consisting primarily of share-based compensation; transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses; depreciation and amortization; non-cash lease expense; and losses on revaluation of equity investments, all of which contributed positively to operating activities. These were partially offset by the amortization of discounts and other non-cash adjustments on consumer receivables of 357.1 million; net outflows from loan products of 320.9 million; a change in deferred income taxes of 86.6 million; bitcoin remeasurement of 83.9 million; as well as changes in other assets and liabilities, including settlements receivable, customers payable, and settlements payable, of 13.1 million, primarily due to the timing of period end. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by investing activities was 973.1 million, primarily due to a net inflow related to consumer receivables of 945.1 million and net proceeds from investments of marketable securities of 192.2 million. These were partially offset by the purchases of property and equipment and other investments of 127.0 million and 37.2 million, respectively. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash provided by investing activities was 405.0 million, primarily due to a net inflow related to consumer receivables of 412.4 million and net proceeds from investments of marketable securities of 99.3 million. These were partially offset by the purchases of property and equipment and other investments of 99.5 million and 7.3 million, respectively. 
 
 54 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by financing activities was 1.2 billion primarily due to approximately 2.0 billion of net proceeds related to the issuance of the 2032 Senior Notes in the second quarter of 2024, a change in customer funds of 763.4 million, and proceeds from issuances of common stock upon the exercise of options and purchases under our employee share purchase plan of 88.1 million. These were partially offset by repurchases of common stock of 987.2 million as well as net repayments under Warehouse Facilities borrowings of 647.7 million. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash used in financing activities was 1.0 billion primarily as a result of the cash payment of 461.8 million to settle the 2023 Convertible Notes in May 2023, net repayments under Warehouse Facilities borrowings of 403.1 million, a change in customer funds of 266.6 million, as well as net outflows for other financing activities of 20.0 million and the repayment and forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loans of 16.8 million. These were partially offset by proceeds from issuances of common stock from the exercise of options and purchases under our employee share purchase plan of 70.4 million and a net increase in interest-bearing deposits of 57.2 million. 
 55 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. GAAP requires us to make certain estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, anticipated future trends, and other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because these accounting estimates require significant judgment, our actual results may differ materially from our estimates. 
 
 In addition to our critical accounting estimates previously disclosed in Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 related to transaction losses and allowance for credit losses related to consumer receivables, we have identified the determination of valuation allowances for deferred taxes, and the determination of accrual and disclosures for loss contingencies to be critical accounting estimates. 
 
 Deferred Tax Valuation Allowance 
 
 Deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. Such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss, capital loss, and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis to determine whether a valuation allowance is necessary and reduce such assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. This evaluation requires significant judgment and involves the consideration of all available positive and negative evidence, including our historical operating results, the existence of cumulative losses in recent years, ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies, and projections of future taxable income. Given our recent results and expected future results in the United States, sufficient positive evidence may exist in a future period to support the conclusion that all or a portion of the valuation allowance will no longer be required. The release would result in the recognition of material federal and state deferred tax assets and a corresponding decrease to income tax expense and the effective tax rate in the period the release is recorded. The timing and amount of the valuation allowance release could vary based on our assessment of all available evidence. 
 
 Accruals and Disclosures for Loss Contingencies 
 
 We are party to various legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. Contingent liabilities are difficult to measure, as their measurement is subject to multiple factors that are not easily predicted or projected. Further, additional complexity in measuring these liabilities arises due to the various jurisdictions in which these matters occur, which makes our ability to predict their outcomes highly uncertain. We will accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Accounting guidance also requires disclosure of a loss contingency matter when, in management s judgment, a material loss is reasonably possible or probable. Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters. In reaching our conclusions with respect to accrual of a loss or loss contingency disclosure, we take a holistic view of each matter based on these factors and the information available prior to the issuance of our financial statements. Uncertainty with respect to an individual factor or combination of these factors may impact our decisions related to accrual or disclosure of a loss contingency, including a conclusion that we are unable to establish an estimate of possible loss or a meaningful range of possible loss. We update our disclosures to reflect our most current understanding of the contingencies at the time we issue our financial statements. However, events may arise that were not anticipated and the outcome of a contingency may result in a loss to us that differs materially from our previously estimated liability or range of possible loss. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Recent Accounting Pronouncements described in Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies within Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 56 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Bitcoin Market Price Risk 
 
 Our bitcoin investment is measured using observed prices from active exchanges and adjustments are recorded in net income through other expense (income), net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The bitcoin market price may fluctuate significantly and a decline in the market price of bitcoin could result in a material adverse effect on our financial results in future periods. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of our bitcoin investment included in other non-current assets was 529.6 million, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a 5.3 million and 168.6 million gain, respectively, from the remeasurement of our bitcoin investment. 
 
 There have been no additional material changes in market risk from the information presented in Part II, Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the "Evaluation Date"). The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 57 

Part II Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are currently a party to, and may in the future be involved in, various legal matters, investigations, subpoenas, inquiries, audits, claims, lawsuits and disputes, including with regulatory bodies and governmental agencies. For information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Litigation and Regulatory Matters in Note 17, Commitments and Contingencies within Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 In addition, from time to time, we are involved in various other legal matters, investigations, subpoenas, inquiries, audits, claims, lawsuits and disputes arising in the ordinary course of business. We cannot at this time fairly estimate a reasonable range of exposure, if any, of the potential liability with respect to these other matters. While we do not believe, at this time, that any ultimate liability resulting from any of these other matters will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity, we cannot give any assurance regarding the ultimate outcome of these other matters, and their resolution could be material to our operating results for any particular period. 

58 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making any investment decision with respect to our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 
 The following description of risk factors includes any material changes to, and supersedes the description of, risk factors associated with the Company s business previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 under the heading Risk Factors. 
 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 
 Our business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, that could cause our actual results to be harmed, including risks regarding the following: 
 
 Risks related to our business and our industry: 
 our ability to retain existing sellers and customers, attract new sellers and customers, and increase sales to both new and existing sellers and customers; 
 our investments in our business and ability to maintain profitability; 
 our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brands; 
 our efforts to expand our product portfolio and market reach; 
 our ability to develop products and services to address the rapidly evolving market for payments and financial services; 
 competition in our markets and industry; 
 risks related to disruptions in or negative perceptions of the cryptocurrency market; 
 any acquisitions, strategic investments, new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures, and other transactions that we may undertake; 
 the ongoing integration of Afterpay with our business; 
 risks related to our majority interest in TIDAL; 
 operating or expanding our business globally; 
 risks related to our BNPL platform; 
 risks related to the banking ecosystem, including through Square Financial Services, Inc. ("Square Financial Services"), our bank partnerships, and FDIC and other regulatory obligations; and 
 additional risks of Square Loans related to the availability of capital, seller payments, interest rate, deposit insurance premiums, and general macroeconomic conditions. 
 
 Operational risks: 
 real or perceived improper or unauthorized use of, disclosure of, or access to sensitive data; 
 real or perceived security breaches or incidents or human error in administering our software, hardware, and systems; 
 systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services or those of our sellers; 
 any failure to safeguard the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties; 
 our risk management efforts; 
 our dependence on payment card networks and acquiring processors; 
 our reliance on third parties and their systems for a variety of services, including the processing of transaction data and settlement of funds; 
 our dependence on key management and any failure to attract, motivate, and retain our employees; 
 our operational, financial, and other internal controls and systems; 
 any shortage, price increases, tariffs, changes, delay or discontinuation of our key components; 
 the integration of our services and our products with a variety of operating systems; and 
 difficulties estimating the amount payable under TIDAL's license agreements. 
 
 59 

Economic, financial, and tax risks: 
 a deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions; 
 any inability to secure financing on favorable terms, or at all, or comply with covenants in our existing credit agreement, the indentures, or future agreements; 
 our ability to service our debt, including our Convertible Notes and our Senior Notes (each as defined below); 
 counterparty risk with respect to our convertible note hedge transactions; 
 our bitcoin investments being subject to volatile market prices and other risks of loss; 
 foreign exchange rates risks; and 
 any greater-than-anticipated tax liabilities or significant valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets. 
 
 Legal, regulatory, and compliance risks: 
 extensive regulation and oversight in a variety of areas of our business; 
 complex and evolving regulations and oversight related to privacy, data protection, and information security; 
 litigation, including intellectual property claims, government investigations or inquiries, and regulatory matters or disputes; 
 obligations and restrictions as a licensed money transmitter; 
 regulatory scrutiny or changes in the BNPL space; 
 regulation and scrutiny of our subsidiary Cash App Investing, which is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member of FINRA, including net capital and other regulatory capital requirements; 
 changes to our business practices imposed by FINRA based on our ownership of Cash App Investing; 
 regulation and scrutiny of our subsidiary Square Financial Services, which is a Utah state-chartered industrial loan company, including the requirement that we serve as a source of financial strength to it; 
 supervision and regulation of Square Financial Services, including the Dodd-Frank Act and its related regulations; 
 any inability to protect our intellectual property rights; 
 assertions by third parties of infringement of intellectual property rights by us; and 
 increased scrutiny from investors, regulators, and other stakeholders relating to environmental, social, and governance issues. 
 
 Risks related to ownership of our common stock: 
 the dual class structure of our common stock; 
 volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock; 
 the dual-listing of our Class A common stock on the NYSE and our CHESS Depositary Interests ("CDIs") on the Australian Securities Exchange ("ASX"); 
 our convertible note hedge and warrant transactions; 
 anti-takeover provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws, and provisions of Delaware law; and 
 exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws. 
 
 60 

Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 
 
 Our growth rate has slowed at times and may slow or decline in the future, and our growth rates in each of our reporting segments may vary. Future revenue and gross profit growth depends on our ability to retain existing sellers and customers, attract new sellers and customers, and increase sales to both new and existing sellers and customers. 
 
 Our rate of revenue and gross profit growth has slowed at times and may decline in the future, and it may slow or decline more quickly than we expect for a variety of reasons, including the risks described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Additionally, our rate of revenue and gross profit growth may vary between our reporting segments. For example, in recent periods our Cash App segment revenue and gross profit has grown at a high rate, which has varied and may continue to vary from the growth rate of our Square segment. Our sellers and customers have no obligation to continue to use our services, and we cannot assure you that they will. We generally do not have long-term contracts with our sellers and customers, and the difficulty and costs associated with switching to a competitor may not be significant for many of the services we offer. Our sellers activity with us may decrease for a variety of reasons, including sellers level of satisfaction with our products and services, our pricing and the pricing and quality of competing products or services, the effects of economic conditions, or reductions in the aggregate spending of our sellers customers. Growth in transacting actives on Cash App and customers level of engagement with our products and services on Cash App are important to our success and long-term financial performance. However, the growth rate of transacting actives has fluctuated over time, and it may slow or decline in the future. A number of factors have affected and could negatively affect Cash App customer growth, inflows, and engagement levels, including our ability to introduce new products and services that are compelling to our customers and that they adopt, changes to our systems, processes or other technical or operational requirements that impact how customers use or access our products and services, the impact on our network of other customers choosing whether to use Cash App, our decision to expand into or exit certain markets, technical or other problems that affect customer experience, failure to provide sufficient customer support, fraud and scams targeting Cash App customers, changes in the regulatory environment or regulations applicable to us, 
 and harm to our reputation and brand. Further, certain events or programs, such as government stimulus programs may correlate with periods of significant growth, but such growth may not be sustainable. Additionally, the growth rate of Cash App revenue may be distorted by the prices of bitcoin, as bitcoin revenue may increase or decrease due to changes in the price of, and demand for, bitcoin and may not correlate to customer or engagement growth rates. 
 
 The growth of our business depends in part on our existing sellers and customers expanding their use of our products and services. If we are unable to increase broader use of our products and services within each of our ecosystems by our existing sellers and customers, our growth may slow or stop, and our business may be materially and adversely affected. The growth of our business also depends on our ability to attract new sellers and customers, to encourage sellers and customers to use our products and services, and to introduce successful new products and services. We have invested and will continue to invest in our business in order to offer better or new features, products, and services and to adjust our product offerings to changing economic conditions, but if those features, products, services, and changes fail to be successful on the expected timeline or at all, our growth may slow or decline. 
 
 We have generated significant net losses in the past, and we intend to continue to invest in our business. Thus, we may not be able to maintain profitability. 
 
 We intend to continue to make investments in our business, including with respect to our employee base, sales and marketing, development of new products, services, and features; acquisitions; infrastructure; expansion of international operations, and general administration, including legal, finance, and other compliance expenses related to our business. If the costs associated with acquiring and supporting new or larger sellers, attracting and supporting new Cash App customers, or with developing and supporting our products and services materially increase in the future, including the fees we pay to third parties to advertise our products and services, our expenses may rise significantly. In addition, increases in our seller base could cause us to incur increased costs because costs associated with new sellers are generally incurred up front, while revenue is recognized in future periods as our products and services are used by our sellers. Moreover, businesses we acquire may have different profitability than our existing business, which may affect our overall profitability, particularly until we are able to realize expected synergies. For example, prior to its acquisition, Afterpay historically generated net losses. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses, we may incur significant losses and may not maintain profitability on a consistent basis. 
 
 61 

From time to time, we have made and may make decisions that will have a negative effect on our short-term operating results if we believe those decisions will improve our operating results over the long-term. For example, we have recently implemented, and may in the future implement, expense cuts and reduced the size of our workforce to, among other things, align our cost structure with our business and longer term strategies, which may increase expenses in the short term and impact our ability to grow or quickly develop and introduce products. These decisions may not be consistent with the expectations of investors and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our business depends on our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brands. 
 
 Having a strong and trusted brand has contributed significantly to the success of our business. We believe that maintaining, promoting, and enhancing the Square, Cash App, TIDAL, Afterpay, and our other brands, in a cost-effective manner is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our products and services and expanding our base of customers. Maintaining and promoting our brands will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide useful, reliable, secure, and innovative products and services, as well as our ability to maintain trust and be a technology leader. We may introduce, or make changes to, features, products, services, privacy practices, or terms of service that customers do not like, which may materially and adversely affect our brands. Our brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or increase revenue, and even if they do, any increase in revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brands. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The introduction and promotion of new products and services, as well as the promotion of existing products and services, may be partly dependent on our visibility on third-party advertising platforms, such as Google, Facebook, or X. Changes in the way these platforms operate or changes in their advertising prices, data use practices or other terms could make the maintenance and promotion of our products and services and our brands more expensive or more difficult. If we are unable to market and promote our brands on third-party platforms effectively, our ability to acquire new customers would be materially harmed. We also use retail partners to sell hardware and acquire sellers for Square. Our ability to acquire new sellers could be materially harmed if we are unable to enter into or maintain these partnerships on terms that are commercially reasonable to us, or at all. 
 
 Harm to our brands can arise from many sources, including failure by us or our partners and service providers to satisfy expectations of service and quality; inadequate protection or misuse of sensitive information; fraud committed by third parties using our products or applications; compliance failures and claims; litigation, regulatory claims, investigations, enforcement actions, settlements or consent orders; errors caused by us or our partners; and misconduct by our partners, service providers, or other counterparties. We have also been from time to time in the past, and may in the future be, the target of incomplete, inaccurate, and misleading or false statements about our company and our business that could damage our reputation and brands and deter customers from adopting our services or our products. In addition, negative statements about us can cause and have caused a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock, divert our management s attention and resources, and could cause other adverse impacts to our business. Partners and influencers or other third parties with whom we maintain relationships could engage in behavior or use their platforms to communicate directly with our sellers and customers in a manner that reflects poorly on our brands and such behavior or communications may adversely affect us. Further, negative publicity or commentary regarding the partners and influencers or other third parties who are, or are perceived to be, affiliated with us may also damage our reputation, even if the negative publicity or commentary is not directly related to us. Any negative publicity about the industries we operate in or our company, the quality and reliability of our products and services, our risk management processes, changes to our products and services, our ability to effectively manage and resolve customer complaints, our privacy, data protection, and information security practices, litigation, regulatory activity, policy positions, and the experience of our sellers and customers with us, our products or services could adversely affect our reputation and the confidence in and use of our products and services. If we do not successfully maintain, protect or enhance our brands, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 62 

Our efforts to expand our product portfolio and market reach, including through acquisitions, may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth and profitability. 
 
 We intend to continue to broaden the scope of products and services we offer. However, we may not be successful in maintaining or growing our revenue, or deriving any significant new revenue streams from these products and services. Failure to successfully broaden the scope of products and services that are attractive may inhibit our growth and harm our business. Furthermore, we expect to continue to expand our markets in the future, and we may have limited or no experience in such newer markets. We cannot assure you that any of our products or services will be widely accepted in any market or that they will grow in revenue or contribute to our profitability. Our offerings may present new and difficult technological, operational, and regulatory risks, and other challenges, and if we experience service disruptions, failures, or other issues, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Our expansion into newer markets may not lead to growth and may require significant investment of financial resources and of management time and attention, and we may not be able to recoup our investments in a timely manner or at all. If any of this were to occur, it could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our long-term success depends on our ability to develop products and services to address the rapidly evolving market for payments and financial services, and, if we are not able to implement successful enhancements and new features for our products and services, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Rapid and significant technological changes continue to confront the industries in which we operate, including developments in omnichannel commerce, proximity payment devices (including contactless payments via NFC technology), digital banking, mobile financial apps, cryptocurrencies, tokenization (e.g., replacing sensitive data such as payment card information with symbols (tokens) to keep the data safe), blockchain, and artificial intelligence ("AI"), including machine learning. 
 
 These new and evolving services and technologies may be superior to, impair, or render obsolete the products and services we currently offer or the technologies we currently use to provide them. Our ability to develop new products and services may be inhibited by industry-wide standards, payment card networks, existing and future laws and regulations, resistance to change from our customers, which includes our sellers and their customers, or third parties intellectual property rights. Incorporating new technologies into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and we may not be successful in realizing a return on our efforts in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 Our success will depend on our ability to develop new technologies, to adapt to technology changes and evolving industry standards, to incorporate new technologies into our products and services, and to provide products and services that are tailored to specific needs and requirements of our customers. For example, generative AI has become more publicly available and enterprise adoption of generative AI has grown. We have incorporated and expect to continue to incorporate AI features into our products and technologies and our success will depend in part on our ability to do so in a way that is compelling to our customers and cost-effective. It is difficult to predict all of the risks related to the use of AI because laws, rules, directives, and regulations governing the use of AI are evolving rapidly and our ability to develop or use AI may be adversely affected. If we are unable to provide enhancements and new features for our products and services or to develop new products and services that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with rapid technological developments and evolving industry standards, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We often rely on third parties, including some of our competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies and development of a robust market for these new products and technologies. Failure to accurately predict or to respond effectively to developments in our industry may significantly impair our business. In addition, because our products and services are designed to operate with a variety of systems, infrastructures, and devices, we need to continuously modify and enhance our products and services to keep pace with changes in technologies. Any failure of our products and services to continue to operate effectively with third-party infrastructures and technologies could reduce the demand for our products and services, result in dissatisfaction of our customers, and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 63 

Substantial and increasingly intense competition in our markets and industry may harm our business. 
 
 We compete in markets characterized by vigorous competition, changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing customer needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. We expect competition to intensify in the future as existing and new competitors introduce new services or enhance existing services. For example, companies not traditionally associated with the payments industry have introduced products or services that are or may become competitive with our business. We compete against many companies to attract customers across our products and services, and some of these companies have greater financial resources and substantially larger bases of customers than we do, which may provide them with significant competitive advantages. These companies may devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of products and services, may achieve economies of scale due to the size of their customer bases, and may more effectively introduce their own innovative products and services that adversely impact our growth. For example, we compete in the BNPL market and a number of our competitors have introduced or offer BNPL products. Competitors in the BNPL space have engaged in, and may continue to engage in, aggressive consumer acquisition campaigns, may develop superior technology offerings, or consolidate with other entities and achieve benefits of scale. Such competitive pressures may materially erode our existing market share in the BNPL space and may hinder our expansion into new markets. In addition, mergers and acquisitions by, and collaborations between, the companies we compete against may lead to even larger competitors with more resources. 
 
 Certain sellers have long-standing exclusive, or nearly exclusive, relationships with our competitors to accept payment cards and other services that compete with what we offer. These relationships can make it difficult or cost-prohibitive for us to conduct material amounts of business with them. Competing services tied to established brands may engender greater confidence in the safety and efficacy of their services. If we are unable to differentiate ourselves from and successfully compete with our competitors, our business will be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We may also face pricing pressures from competitors. Some competitors may offer lower prices by cross-subsidizing certain services that we also provide through other products they offer. Such competition may result in the need for us to alter our pricing and could reduce our gross profit. Also, sellers may demand more customized and favorable pricing from us, and competitive pressures may require us to agree to such pricing, reducing our gross profit. We currently negotiate pricing discounts and other incentive arrangements with certain large sellers to increase acceptance and usage of our products and services. If we continue this practice and if an increasing proportion of our sellers are large sellers, we may have to increase the discounts or incentives we provide, which could also reduce our gross profit. 
 
 Developments in the cryptocurrency market subject us to additional risks. 
 
 Our investments in bitcoin, our bitcoin ecosystem, and our Cash App feature that permits customers to transact in bitcoin, subject us to additional risks related to any further developments in the cryptocurrency markets and the resulting impact on customer and investor behavior. We may experience adverse impacts to our business as a result of the downstream effects of the bankruptcies filed by certain cryptocurrency market participants and the actions taken by regulators to address its impact. Enforcement actions by U.S. regulators against major crypto asset platforms and negative publicity associated with crypto asset activities may, among other things, result in a decline in confidence or interest in crypto assets. If the cryptocurrency environment deteriorates, our customers may wish to sell their bitcoin at a price or volume that exceeds the market demand for bitcoin, which could cause disruptions in our operations and have a material and adverse effect on our business and financial condition. If our customers experience losses due to market fluctuations in the prices of bitcoin, they may reduce or cease their use of Cash App and our results of operations may be adversely impacted. Further, our customers could attempt to seek compensation from us for their financial investment losses, and those claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. 
 
 Deteriorations in the cryptocurrency markets may also have an adverse effect on our reputation, and any negative perception by our customers of one or more cryptocurrencies may lead to a loss of customer demand for our products and services, any of which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. We may also suffer a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock due to any negative perception by our customers, investors, or the general public, of bitcoin or the cryptocurrency markets. 
 
 64 

Acquisitions, strategic investments, new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures, and other transactions we enter into could fail to achieve strategic objectives, disrupt our ongoing operations or result in operating difficulties, liabilities and expenses, harm our business, and negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 In pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions and evaluate opportunities for possible acquisitions, strategic investments, new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures, and other transactions. We have in the past acquired or invested in, and we continue to seek to acquire or invest in, businesses, technologies, or other assets that we believe could complement or expand our business, including acquisitions of new lines of business that are adjacent to or outside of our existing ecosystems or geographic territories. As we grow, the pace and scale of our acquisitions may increase and may include larger acquisitions than we have done historically. The identification, evaluation, and negotiation of potential acquisition or strategic investment transactions may divert the attention of management and entail various expenses, whether or not such transactions are ultimately completed. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying, negotiating, and consummating favorable transaction opportunities. In addition to transaction and opportunity costs, these transactions involve large challenges and risks, whether or not such transactions are completed, including risks that: 
 
 the transaction may not advance our business strategy or may harm our growth, profitability, or reputation; 
 
 we may not be able to secure required regulatory approvals or otherwise satisfy closing conditions for a proposed transaction in a timely manner, or at all; 
 
 the transaction may subject us to additional regulatory burdens that affect our business in potentially unanticipated and significantly negative ways; 
 
 we may not realize a satisfactory return on our investment or increase our revenue; 
 
 we may experience difficulty, and may not be successful in, integrating technologies, IT or business enterprise systems, culture, or management or other personnel of the acquired business; 
 
 we may incur significant acquisition costs and transition costs, including in connection with the assumption of ongoing expenses of the acquired business; 
 
 we may not realize the expected benefits or synergies from the transaction in the expected time period, or at all, which may result in impairment charges, costs of winding down acquired operations or other negative impacts to our business; 
 
 we may be unable to retain key personnel; 
 
 acquired businesses or businesses that we invest in may not have adequate controls, processes, and procedures to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, including with respect to data privacy, data protection, and information security, and our due diligence process may not identify compliance issues or other liabilities. Moreover, acquired businesses technology stacks may add complexity, resource constraints, and legacy technological challenges that make it difficult and time consuming to achieve such adequate controls, processes, and procedures; 
 
 we may fail to identify or assess the magnitude of certain liabilities, shortcomings, or other circumstances prior to acquiring or investing in a business, which could result in additional financial, legal, regulatory, or tax exposure and may subject us to additional controls, policies, procedures, liabilities, litigation, costs of compliance or remediation, or other adverse effects on our business, operating results, or financial condition; 
 
 we may have difficulty entering into new market segments or new geographic territories; 
 
 we may be unable to retain the customers, vendors, and partners of acquired businesses; 
 
 there may be lawsuits or regulatory actions resulting from the transaction; 
 
 there may be risks associated with undetected security weaknesses, cyberattacks, or security breaches or incidents at companies that we acquire or with which we may combine or partner; 
 
 there may be local and foreign regulations applicable to the international activities of our business and the businesses we acquire; and 
 65 

acquisitions could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt. 
 
 We have experienced certain of these risks in connection with our past acquisitions, and any of the foregoing could harm our business and negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 We have in the past, and may in the future, also choose to divest certain businesses or product lines. If we decide to sell assets or a business, we may have difficulty obtaining terms acceptable to us in a timely manner, or at all. Additionally, we may experience difficulty separating out portions of, or entire, businesses, incur loss of revenue or experience negative impact on margins, or we may not achieve the desired strategic and financial benefits. Such potential transactions may also delay achievement of our strategic objectives, cause us to incur additional expenses, disrupt customer or employee relationships, and expose us to unanticipated or ongoing obligations and liabilities, including as a result of our indemnification obligations. Further, during the pendency of a divestiture, we may be subject to risks such as a decline in the business to be divested, loss of employees, customers, or suppliers and the risk that the transaction may not close, any of which would have a material adverse effect on the business to be divested and our retained business. If a divestiture is not completed for any reason, we may not be able to find another buyer on the same terms, and we may have incurred significant costs without any corresponding benefit. 
 
 Joint ventures and minority investments inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational, regulatory, and/or compliance risks associated with the joint venture or minority investment. In addition, we may be dependent on joint venture partners, controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control them and who may have business interests, strategies, or goals that are inconsistent with ours. Business decisions or other actions or omissions of the joint venture partners, controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control them may adversely affect the value of our investment, result in litigation or regulatory action against us, and may otherwise damage our reputation and brand. 
 
 The ongoing integration of Afterpay could disrupt our business and adversely affect our future results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to benefit from our acquisition of Afterpay depends on our ability to complete the integration of Afterpay with our business in a timely and effective manner. Difficulties that we have encountered and may continue to encounter in the integration process include the following: 
 
 challenges and difficulties associated with managing the larger, more complex, combined company; 
 
 conforming standards and controls and consolidating corporate infrastructures between the companies; 
 
 integrating personnel from the two companies while maintaining focus on developing, producing and delivering consistent, high quality products and services; 
 
 loss of key employees; 
 
 coordinating geographically dispersed organizations; 
 
 potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses; and 
 
 the diversion of management s attention caused by integrating the companies operations. 
 
 66 

TIDAL subjects us to risks and uncertainties related to the music industry. 
 
 TIDAL s business is dependent on the various rights holders. We cannot provide assurances that we or TIDAL will be able to maintain or expand arrangements with partners and other third parties on acceptable terms, if at all. Further, the music industry is highly concentrated, which means we rely on a small number of entities that may take adverse actions or take advantage of their market power to pursue arduous financial or other terms that may adversely affect us or may restrict our ability to innovate and improve our streaming service. Our streaming service also competes for listeners on the basis of the presence and visibility of our app, which is distributed via app stores operated by Apple and Google. We face significant competition for listeners from these companies, which also promote their own music and content. In addition, our competitors streaming products may be pre-loaded or integrated into consumer electronics products or automobiles more broadly than our streaming product, which makes such competitors more visible to consumers. If we are unable to compete successfully for listeners against other media providers, then our TIDAL business may suffer. 
 
 We expect that the operation of our TIDAL business will require continued investment and management time and attention, none of which will ensure that we will be successful. If we fail to successfully operate and grow our TIDAL business, we will not realize the benefits anticipated when we acquired a majority interest in the business, and any such failure could result in adverse effects on our business and financial results, including substantial impairment charges. 
 
 Operating or expanding our business globally subjects us to new challenges and risks. 
 
 We offer our services and products in multiple countries and we may continue expanding our business further globally. Expansion, whether in our existing or new global markets, will require additional resources and new or expanded controls, and offering our services and products in new geographic regions often requires substantial expenditures and takes considerable time. We may not be successful enough in these new geographies to recoup our investments in a timely manner or at all. Such expansion, and the ongoing operation of our global business, subject our business to substantial risks, including: 
 
 difficulty in attracting sellers and customers, or a lack of acceptance of our products and services in foreign markets; 
 
 failure to anticipate competitive conditions and competition with service providers or other market-players that have greater experience in the foreign markets than we do; 
 
 failure to conform with applicable business customs, including translation into foreign languages, cultural context, and associated expenses; 
 
 increased costs and difficulty in protecting intellectual property and sensitive data; 
 
 changes to or restrictions on the way we do business as compared with our current operations; 
 
 inability to support and integrate with local third-party service providers; 
 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations in an environment of diverse cultures, laws, and customs, challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences, and the increased travel, infrastructure, and legal and compliance costs associated with global operations; 
 
 difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified employees and maintaining our company culture; 
 
 difficulty in gaining acceptance and maintaining compliance with industry self-regulatory bodies; 
 
 compliance with multiple complex, potentially conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including with respect to payments, privacy, data protection, information security, and tax; 
 
 compliance with U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-money laundering laws; 
 
 enactment of tariffs, sanctions, fines, or other trade restrictions; 
 
 exchange rate risk; 
 
 increased exposure to public health issues such as pandemics, and related industry and governmental actions to address these issues; and 
 67 

regional economic and political instability and other geopolitical risks. 
 
 As a result of these risks, our efforts to expand our global operations may not be successful, which could limit our ability to grow our business. 
 
 Our BNPL platform increases our exposure to consumer defaults and merchant insolvency. 
 
 Revenue generated from BNPL products depends on our ability to recoup the purchase value of the goods or services that consumers have purchased using our BNPL platform. Although we rely on technology to assess consumers repayment capability for our BNPL products, there can be no guarantee that such processes will always accurately predict repayments. Miscalculation of consumers repayment ability or a material increase in repayment failures, whether due to inflation, macroeconomic uncertainty and downturn, market volatility, or otherwise, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, if consumers who have purchased products or services using our BNPL platform do not receive the products or services, they may cease payment on their outstanding balances or request a refund on previous payments, and our business may be negatively impacted. 
 
 The performance of our BNPL platform depends also on the sales of products and services by retail merchants. Merchants sales may decrease as a result of factors outside of their control, including deteriorating macroeconomic conditions and supply chain disruptions. If a merchant ceases its operations, closes some or all of its locations, or fails to deliver goods or services to our consumers, the merchant may not be able to reimburse us for chargebacks or refunds or may not be able to repay the funds we have advanced to them, all of which could result in higher charge-off rates than anticipated. Moreover, if the financial condition of a merchant deteriorates significantly such that the merchant becomes subject to a bankruptcy proceeding, we may not be able to recover any amounts due to us from the merchant, and our financial results would be adversely affected. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to the banking ecosystem, including through Square Financial Services, our bank partnerships, and FDIC and other regulatory obligations. 
 
 Volatility in the banking and financial services sectors may impact our bank partnerships and could negatively impact our business. For example, we offer certain FDIC-insured products through our partnerships with banks that are members of the FDIC. We believe our banking programs, including records maintained by us and our bank partners, satisfy all applicable regulatory conditions for each eligible participant's deposits to be covered by FDIC insurance, up to the applicable maximum deposit insurance amount. However, if the FDIC were to disagree, the FDIC may not recognize the participants claims as covered by deposit insurance in the event a bank partner fails and enters receivership proceedings under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIA ). If the FDIC were to determine that funds held at a bank partner are not covered by deposit insurance, or if one or more of our bank partners were to fail and enter receivership proceedings under the FDIA, our sellers and customers may seek to withdraw their funds, or may not be able to withdraw all their funds in a timely manner, which could adversely affect our brand, business and results of operations, and may lead to claims or litigation, which may be costly to address. Additionally, in instances where we are a service-provider to or are otherwise in a third-party relationship with our bank partners in connection with these programs, we are subject to certain risk-management standards for third-party relationships in accordance with federal bank regulatory guidance and examinations by the federal banking regulators. Should we or our bank partners be unable to satisfy these standards, we may have to discontinue certain product offerings or discontinue certain third-party relationships, and our business and operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Further, as a FDIC-insured institution, our subsidiary Square Financial Services is subject to regulatory obligations, including the assessment of a quarterly deposit insurance premium, calculated based on its average consolidated total assets. We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums that we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. If there are additional bank or financial institution failures, we may be required to pay higher deposit insurance assessments or higher fees associated with FDIC-insured products offered through our bank partnerships, or we may be subject to higher capital requirements imposed by the FDIC, our bank partners, or federal banking regulators with authority over our bank partners, which could reduce our profitability, and negatively impact our business and operations. 
 
 68 

We intend to continue to explore other products, models, and structures for our product offerings, including with bank partners. Certain of our current product offerings subject us to reporting requirements, bonding requirements, and inspection by applicable federal or state regulatory agencies, and our future product offerings may potentially require, or be deemed to require, additional data, procedures, partnerships, licenses, regulatory approvals, or capabilities that we have not yet obtained or developed. Should we terminate any of our relationships with our bank partners, fail to successfully expand and evolve our product offerings, or should our new products, models or structures, or new laws or regulations or interpretations of existing laws or regulations, impose requirements on us that are cumbersome or that we cannot satisfy, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Square Loans are subject to additional risks related to availability of capital, seller payments, interest rate, deposit insurance premiums, and general macroeconomic conditions. 
 
 Square Loans is our commercial lending program. Square Financial Services, as the originator of the loans provided by Square Loans in the U.S., is subject to risks in addition to those described elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Maintaining and growing our Square Loans business is dependent on institutional third-party investors purchasing the eligible business loans originated by us. If such third parties fail to continue to purchase such business loans or reduce the amount of future loans they purchase, then we may need to reduce originations, or we would need to fund the purchase of additional business loans from our own resources. We then may have to reduce the scale of Square Financial Services, which could have a direct impact on our ability to grow. Additionally, Square Financial Services has certain customary repurchase obligations in its loan purchase and servicing agreements with such institutional third-party investors for breaches of certain eligibility representations and warranties. If third parties reduce the price they are willing to pay for these business loans or reduce the servicing fees they pay us in exchange for servicing the business loans on their behalf, then the financial performance of Square Financial Services would be harmed. 
 
 The business loans provided by Square Loans are generally unsecured obligations of our sellers, and they are not guaranteed or insured in any way. Adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions or the credit quality of our sellers could cause some sellers who utilize Square Loans to cease operating or to experience a decline in their payment processing volume, thereby rendering them unable to make payment on the business loan and/or extend the repayment period beyond the contractual repayment terms on the business loan. To the extent a seller breaches a contractual obligation, such as the requirement to make minimum payments or other breach, the seller would be liable for an accelerated business loan repayment, where our recourse is to the business and not to any individual or other asset. In addition, because the servicing fees we receive from third-party investors depend on the repayment of the business loans, if there is an increase in sellers who utilize Square Loans who are unable to repay their business loans, we will be unable to collect our entire servicing fee for such loans. While our exposure to loans that we sell to third parties is more limited, if the sellers who utilize Square Loans are unable to repay their loans, the risk of loss in our owned loan portfolio will increase and our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 Adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions may lead to a decrease in the number of sellers eligible for Square Loans and may strain our ability to correctly identify such sellers or manage the risk of non-payment or fraud as servicer of the business loans. If we fail to correctly predict the likelihood of timely repayment or correctly price such business loans, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Square Financial Services profitability depends, in part, on its net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on interest-bearing assets, such as loans and securities, and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowed funds. Changes in interest rates and monetary policy can impact the demand for new loans, the credit profile of our borrowers, the yields earned on loans and securities, and the rates paid on deposits and borrowings. The impact of any sudden and substantial move in interest rates and/or increased competition may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as our net interest income may be adversely affected. 
 
 69 

Operational Risks 
 
 We, our sellers, our partners, and others who use our services obtain and process a large amount of sensitive data. Any real or perceived improper or unauthorized use of, disclosure of, or access to such data could harm our reputation as a trusted brand, as well as have a material and adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We, our sellers, and our partners, including third-party vendors and data centers that we use, obtain and process large amounts of sensitive data, including data related to our customers, our sellers customers, and their transactions. We face risks, including to our reputation as a trusted brand, in the handling and protection of this data. These risks will increase as our business continues to expand to include new products and technologies, such as AI, and as we and our third-party vendors rely on an increasingly distributed workforce. Our operations involve the storage and transmission of sensitive data of individuals and businesses using our services, including their names, addresses, social security/tax ID numbers (or foreign equivalents), government IDs, payment card numbers and expiration dates, bank account information, loans they have applied for or obtained, and data regarding the performance of our sellers businesses. Additionally, certain of our products and services are subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (and the rules and regulations thereunder, as amended, including with respect to the HITECH Act), and therefore we are required to take measures to safeguard protected health information of our health care entity-sellers' customers when using those products and services. Our services also provide third-party developers the opportunity to provide applications to sellers in the Square and Weebly app marketplaces. Sellers who choose to use such applications can grant permission allowing the applications to access content created or held by sellers in their Square or Weebly account. Should our internal or third-party developers experience or cause a breach, incident, or technological bug, that could lead to a compromise of the content of data held by such sellers, including personal data, our reputation may be harmed and we may be subject to significant fines, penalties or judgments. The growing use of AI in our products and services presents additional risks. AI algorithms or automated processing of data may be flawed, and datasets may be insufficient or may use third party AI with unclear intellectual property rights or interests. Inappropriate or controversial data practices by us or others could subject us to lawsuits, regulatory investigations, legal and financial liability, or reputational harm. Additionally, our use of AI may create additional, or increase the risk of, cybersecurity breaches and incidents. 
 
 Our products and services operate in conjunction with, and we are dependent upon, third-party products and components across a broad ecosystem. There have been and may continue to be significant attacks on third-party providers, and we cannot guarantee that our or our third-party developers or vendors systems and networks have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the systems and networks of third parties that support us and our products and services. If there is a security vulnerability, error, or other bug in one of these third-party products or components and if there is a security exploit targeting them, we could face increased costs, claims and liability, proceedings and litigation, reduced revenue, or harm to our reputation or competitive position. The natural sunsetting of third-party products and operating systems that we use requires our personnel to reallocate time and attention to migration and updates, during which period potential security vulnerabilities could be exploited. 
 
 More generally, if our privacy, data protection, or information security measures or those of third-party developers or vendors are inadequate or are breached or otherwise compromised, and, as a result, there is improper disclosure of or someone obtains unauthorized access to or exfiltrates funds, bitcoin, investments, or other assets, or other sensitive data on our systems or our partners systems, or if we, our third-party developers or vendors suffer a ransomware or advanced persistent threat attack, or if any of the foregoing is reported or perceived to have occurred, our reputation and business could be damaged, and we could face liability and financial losses. If the sensitive data or assets are lost or improperly accessed, misused, disclosed, destroyed, or altered or threatened to be improperly accessed, misused, disclosed, destroyed, or altered, we could incur significant financial losses and costs and liability associated with remediation and the implementation of additional security measures and be subject to claims, litigation, regulatory scrutiny, and investigations. For example, in April 2022 we announced that we determined that a former employee downloaded certain reports of our subsidiary Cash App Investing in December 2021 that contained some U.S. customer information without permission after the former employee s employment ended, as disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 4, 2022. We have incurred costs related to our investigation and response to this incident, and we could incur other losses, costs, and liabilities in connection with such incident. 
 
 70 

Under payment card rules and our contracts with our card processors and other counterparties, if there is a breach of payment card information that we store or that is stored by our sellers or other third parties with which we do business, we could be liable to the payment card issuing banks for certain of their costs and expenses. Additionally, if our own confidential business information were improperly disclosed, accessed, or breached, our business could be materially and adversely affected. A core aspect of our business is the reliability and security of our payments platforms. Any perceived or actual breach of security or other type of security incident or any type of fraud perpetrated by bad actors such as account takeovers or fake account scams, regardless of how it occurs or the extent or nature of the breach, incident, or fraud, could have a significant impact on our reputation as a trusted brand, cause us to lose existing sellers or other customers, prevent us from obtaining new sellers and other customers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by breaches and incidents and to implement measures in an effort to prevent further breaches and incidents, and expose us to legal risk and potential liability including those resulting from governmental or regulatory investigations, class action litigation, and costs associated with remediation, such as fraud monitoring and forensics. Any actual or perceived security breach or incident at a company providing services to us or our customers on our behalf could have similar effects. Further, any actual or perceived security breach or incident with respect to the bitcoin and blockchain ledger, regardless of whether such breach or incident directly affects our products and services, could have negative reputational effects and harm customer trust in us and our products and services. 
 
 While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may be insufficient to cover all liabilities incurred by such attacks. We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or information security liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, premiums, or deductibles could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
 
 Our products and services may not function as intended due to errors in our software, hardware, and systems, product defects, or due to security breaches or incidents or human error in administering these systems, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our software, hardware, systems, and processes may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, particularly to the extent such errors or vulnerabilities are not detected and remedied quickly. We have from time to time found defects and errors in our customer-facing software and hardware, internal systems, external facing communications, manual processes, and technical integrations with third-party systems, including as a result of ordinary course updates to our software and systems, and new errors or vulnerabilities may be introduced in the future. From time to time, such errors or defects in our software, hardware, systems, or external facing communications, including as a result of human errors, have negatively impacted our customers experience with us and led to negative publicity and harm to our brand and reputation. In connection with any such defects or errors, we may also face government inquiries or investigations, claims and litigation, and we may incur additional costs or expenses to remediate the issues. Additionally, we rely on a limited number of component and product suppliers located outside of the U.S. to manufacture our products. As a result, our direct control over production and distribution is limited, and it is uncertain what effect such diminished control will have on the quality of our products. If there are defects in the manufacture of our hardware products, we may face similar negative publicity, investigations, and litigation, and we may not be fully compensated by our suppliers for any financial or other liability that we suffer as a result. As our hardware and software services continue to increase in size and complexity, and as we integrate new, acquired subsidiaries with different technology stacks and practices, these risks may correspondingly increase as well. 
 
 71 

In addition, we provide frequent incremental releases of product and service updates and functional enhancements, which increase the possibility of errors. The products and services we provide are designed to process complex transactions and deliver reports and other information related to those transactions, all at high volumes and processing speeds. Any errors, data leaks, security breaches or incidents, disruptions in services, or other performance problems with our products or services caused by external or internal actors could hurt our reputation and damage our and our customers businesses. Software and system errors, or human errors, could delay or inhibit settlement of payments, result in oversettlement, cause reporting errors, cause pricing irregularities or prevent us from collecting transaction-based fees, or negatively impact our ability to serve our customers, all of which have occurred in the past. Similarly, security breaches or incidents, which may be caused by or result from cyber-attacks by hackers or others, computer viruses, worms, ransomware, other malicious software programs, security vulnerabilities, employee or service provider theft, misuse or negligence, phishing, identity theft or compromised credentials, denial-of-service attacks, or other causes, have from time to time impacted our business and could disrupt the proper functioning of our software products or services, cause errors, allow loss or unavailability of, unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, proprietary, confidential or otherwise sensitive data of ours or our customers, and other destructive outcomes. Moreover, security breaches or incidents or errors in our hardware or software design or manufacture could cause product safety issues typical of consumer electronics devices. Any of the foregoing issues could lead to product recalls and inventory shortages, result in costly and time-consuming efforts to redesign and redistribute our products, give rise to regulatory inquiries and investigations, and result in reimbursement obligations, lawsuits and other liabilities and losses, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Additionally, electronic payment, hardware, and software products and services, including ours, have been, and could continue to be in the future, specifically targeted and penetrated or disrupted by hackers and other malicious actors. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data, products, and services and to disable, degrade, or sabotage them change frequently and may be difficult to detect or remediate for long periods of time, we and our customers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures to stop them. If we or our sellers or other customers are unable to anticipate or prevent these attacks, our sellers' or other customers may be harmed, our reputation could be damaged, and we could incur significant liability. 
 
 Systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services, or those of our sellers, could harm our business and our brand, and subject us to substantial liability. 
 
 Our systems and those of our third-party vendors, including data center facilities, may experience service interruptions, outages, cyber-attacks and security breaches and incidents, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, pandemics, fires, other natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks and other geopolitical unrest, computer viruses, ransomware, and other malicious software, changes in social, political, or regulatory conditions or in laws and policies, or other changes or events. Our systems and facilities are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and acts of vandalism. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster-recovery planning is not sufficient for all eventualities. In addition, as a provider of payments solutions and other financial services, we are subject to increased scrutiny by regulators that may require specific business continuity and disaster recovery plans and more rigorous testing of such plans. This increased scrutiny may be costly and time-consuming and may divert our resources from other business priorities. 
 
 We have experienced and will likely continue to experience denial-of-service and other cyber-attacks, system failures, outages, security incidents, and other events or conditions that interrupt the availability, data integrity, or reduce the speed or functionality of our products and services. These events have resulted and likely will result in loss of revenue. In addition, we may incur significant expense to repair or replace damaged equipment and remedy resultant data loss or corruption. The risk of security incidents is increasing as we experience an increase in electronic payments, e-commerce, and other online activity. Additionally, due to political uncertainty and military actions, including those associated with Russia s invasion of Ukraine, we and our service providers are vulnerable to heightened risks of security incidents and security and privacy breaches from or affiliated with nation-state actors, including attacks that could materially disrupt our systems, operations, supply chain, products, and services. We cannot provide assurances that our preventative efforts against such incidents will be successful. A prolonged interruption in the availability or reduction in the speed or other functionality of our products or services could materially harm our reputation and business. Frequent, persistent or significant interruptions in our products and services could cause customers to believe that our products and services are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid our products and services, and could permanently harm our reputation and business. Moreover, to the extent that any system failure or similar event results in damages to customers or contractual counterparties, these customers and contractual counterparties could seek compensation from us for their losses, and those claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. 
 
 72 

A significant natural or man-made disaster could have a material and adverse impact on our business. Certain of our offices and data center facilities are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at our offices or data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our services or could result in related liabilities. We do not maintain insurance sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses that could result from disruptions to our services. 
 
 Significant natural or other disasters, including pandemics, could also have a material and adverse impact on our sellers or other customers, which, in the aggregate, could in turn adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 The theft, loss, or destruction of private keys required to access the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties, such as our customers and our trading partners, may be irreversible, and any failure to safeguard such bitcoin could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 We hold bitcoin on behalf of ourselves and other parties such as our customers and our trading partners. Bitcoin can be accessed by the possessor of the unique cryptographic keys relating to the digital wallet in which the bitcoin is held. While the bitcoin and blockchain ledger require a public key relating to a digital wallet to be published when used in a transaction, private keys must be safeguarded and kept private in order to prevent a third-party from accessing the bitcoin held in such digital wallet. To the extent any of our private keys are lost, destroyed, or otherwise compromised and no backup of such private key is accessible, we will be unable to access the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties. The vast majority of bitcoin we hold for ourselves and our customers is held in offline and air-gapped cold storage. To facilitate transactions, we hold a small portion of bitcoin in a networked hot wallet. At times, we may also utilize third-party custodians to custody our bitcoin or a portion of the bitcoin held for our customers on our behalf. 
 
 Any inappropriate access or theft of bitcoin held by us or any third-party custodian, or the third-party custodian s failure to maintain effective controls over the custody and other settlement services provided to us, could materially and adversely affect us. We cannot provide assurance that the digital wallets used to store our and other parties bitcoin will not be hacked or compromised. The bitcoin and blockchain ledger, as well as other cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies, have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches or incidents, hacking, or other malicious activities. Any loss of private keys relating to, or hack or other compromise of, digital wallets used to store our customers bitcoin could adversely affect our customers ability to access or sell their bitcoin and could harm customer trust in us and our products, require us to expend significant funds for remediation, and expose us to litigation, regulatory enforcement actions, and other potential liability. Additionally, any loss of private keys relating to, or hack or other compromise of, digital wallets used by third parties to store bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies could have negative reputational effects on us and harm customer trust in us and our products and could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 73 

Our risk management efforts may not be effective, which could expose us to losses and liability and otherwise harm our business. 
 
 We offer payments and other products and services to a large number of customers. We have programs to vet and monitor these customers and the transactions we process for them as part of our risk management efforts, but such programs require continuous improvement and may not be effective in detecting and preventing fraud and illegitimate transactions. When our payments services are used to process illegitimate transactions, and we settle those funds to customers and are unable to recover them, we suffer losses and liability. As a greater number of larger sellers use our services, our exposure to material risk losses from a single seller, or from a small number of sellers, will increase. Illegitimate transactions can also expose us to governmental and regulatory enforcement actions and potentially prevent us from satisfying our contractual obligations to our third-party partners, which may cause us to be in breach of our obligations. The highly automated nature of, and liquidity offered by, our payments and peer-to-peer services make us and our customers a target for illegal or improper uses, including scams and fraud directed at us and our customers, fraudulent or illegal sales of goods or services, money laundering, and terrorist financing. Identity thieves and those committing fraud using stolen or fabricated credit card, debit card, or bank account numbers, or other deceptive or malicious practices such as account takeovers, potentially can steal significant amounts of money from businesses like ours or from our customers or third parties. Our risk management policies, procedures, techniques, and processes may not be sufficient to identify all of the risks to which we are exposed, to enable us to prevent or mitigate the risks we have identified, or to identify additional risks to which we may become subject in the future. Our current business, the changing and uncertain economic, geopolitical and regulatory environment, and our anticipated domestic and international growth will continue to place significant demands on our risk management and compliance efforts. As our ecosystems grow and our business becomes more complex, we will need to continue developing, improving, and making investments into our risk management infrastructure, techniques, and processes. In addition, when we introduce new products or services, expand existing services, including online payment acceptance and expanded methods of instantly moving money, focus on new business areas, including consumer financing and loans, or begin to operate in markets where we have a limited history of fraud loss, we may be less able to forecast and carry appropriate reserves on our books for those losses. Additionally, certain Cash App functions are available to customers between the ages of 13 through 17 with the authorization of a parent or guardian. The risks and the potential harm to our reputation are magnified in instances of fraud or unauthorized or inappropriate transactions involving minors. 
 
 While we maintain a program of insurance coverage for various types of liabilities, we may self-insure against certain business risks and expenses where we believe we can adequately self-insure against the anticipated exposure and risk or where insurance is either not deemed cost-effective or unavailable. 
 
 We are currently, and will continue to be, exposed to risks associated with chargebacks and refunds in connection with payment card fraud or relating to the goods or services provided by our sellers. In the event that a billing dispute between a cardholder and a seller is not resolved in favor of the seller, including in situations where the seller engaged in fraud, the transaction is typically charged back to the seller and the purchase price is credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. The risk of chargebacks is typically greater with our sellers that promise future delivery of goods and services. Moreover, chargebacks typically increase during economic downturns due to sellers becoming insolvent or bankrupt or otherwise unable to fulfill their commitments for goods or services. Global supply chain disruptions and shortages may also negatively affect sellers' ability to deliver goods and services on time or at all, which increases the risk of chargebacks. If we are unable to collect chargebacks or refunds from the seller s account, or if the seller refuses to or is unable to reimburse us for chargebacks or refunds due to closure, bankruptcy, or other reasons, we, as the merchant of record, may bear the loss for the amounts paid to the cardholder. We collect and hold reserves for a limited number of sellers whose businesses are deemed higher risk in order to help cover potential losses from chargebacks and refunds, but this practice is limited and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in mitigating such losses. Our financial results would be adversely affected to the extent sellers do not fully reimburse us for the related chargebacks and refunds. In addition, if more of our sellers, or a number of our larger sellers, become insolvent or bankrupt, our potential losses from chargebacks and refunds may increase and exceed our reserves, in which case we may suffer financial losses and our business may be adversely affected. Moreover, businesses that cannot process EMV chip cards are held financially responsible for certain fraudulent transactions conducted using chip-enabled cards. Not all of the readers we offer to merchants are EMV-compliant. If we are unable to maintain our losses from chargebacks at acceptable levels, the payment card networks could fine us, increase our transaction-based fees, or terminate our ability to process payment cards. Any increase in our transaction-based fees could damage our business, and if we were unable to accept payment cards, our business would be materially and adversely affected. If any of our risk management policies and processes, including self-insurance or holding seller reserves, are ineffective, we may suffer large financial losses, we may be subject to civil and criminal liability, and our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 74 

We are dependent on payment card networks and acquiring processors, and changes to our relationships with payment card networks and acquiring processors could harm our business. 
 
 Our business depends on our ability to accept credit and debit cards, and this ability is provided by the payment card networks, including Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover. For a majority of our transactions, we do not directly access the payment card networks that enable our acceptance of payment cards. As a result, we must rely on banks and acquiring processors to process transactions on our behalf. These banks and acquiring processors may fail or refuse to process transactions on our behalf, may breach or terminate their agreements with us, or may refuse to renegotiate or renew these agreements on terms that are favorable or commercially reasonable. They might also take actions that degrade the functionality of our services, impose additional costs or requirements on us, or give preferential treatment to competitive services, including their own services. If we are unsuccessful in establishing, renegotiating, or maintaining mutually beneficial relationships with these payment card networks, banks, and acquiring processors, our business may be harmed. 
 
 The payment card networks and our acquiring processors require us to comply with payment card network operating rules, including special operating rules that apply to us as a payment facilitator providing payment processing services to merchants. The payment card networks set these network rules and have discretion to interpret the rules and change them at any time. Changes to these network rules or how they are interpreted could have a significant impact on our business and financial results. For example, changes in the payment card network rules regarding chargebacks may affect our ability to dispute chargebacks and the amount of losses we incur from chargebacks. Any changes to or interpretations of the network rules that are inconsistent with the way we or our acquiring processors currently operate may require us to make changes to our business that could be costly or difficult to implement. If we fail to make such changes or otherwise resolve the issue with the payment card networks, the networks could fine us or prohibit us from processing payment cards. In addition, violations of the network rules or any failure to maintain good relationships with the payment card networks could impact our ability to receive incentives from them, increase our costs, or otherwise harm our business. If we were unable to accept payment cards or were limited in our ability to do so, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We are required to pay interchange and assessment fees, processing fees, and bank settlement fees to third-party payment processors, payment networks, and financial institutions. From time to time, payment card networks have increased, and may increase in the future, the interchange fees and assessments that they charge for each transaction processed using their networks. In some cases, we have negotiated favorable pricing with acquiring processors and networks that are contingent on certain business commitments and other conditions. If we fail to meet such conditions, the fees we are charged will rise, and we may be required to pay back some or all of the favorable pricing benefits. Moreover, our acquiring processors and payment card networks may refuse to renew our agreements with them on terms that are favorable, commercially reasonable, or at all. Interchange fees or assessments are also subject to change from time to time due to government regulation. Any increase or decrease in interchange fees or assessments or in the fees we pay to our third-party payment processors, payment networks, or financial institutions could increase our costs, make our pricing less competitive, lead us to change our pricing model, or adversely affect our margins, all of which could materially harm our business and financial results. 
 
 We could be, and in the past have been, subject to penalties from payment card networks if we fail to detect activities that are illegal, contrary to the payment card network operating rules, or considered high risk. We must either prevent high-risk individuals from using our products and services or register such high-risk individuals with the payment card networks and conduct additional monitoring with respect to such high-risk individuals. Any such penalties could become material and could result in termination of our ability to accept payment cards or could require changes in our process for registering new sellers and customers. This could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 75 

We rely on third parties and their systems for a variety of services, including the processing of transaction data and settlement of funds to us and our customers, and these third parties failure to perform these services adequately could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 To provide our products and services, we rely on third parties that we do not control, such as the payment card networks, our acquiring and issuing processors, the payment card issuers, a carrying broker-dealer, bank partners, various financial institution partners, systems like the Federal Reserve Automated Clearing House, and other partners. We rely on these third parties for a variety of services, including the transmission of transaction data, processing of chargebacks and refunds, settlement of funds to our sellers, certain brokerage services, storing customer funds, authorizing payment transactions under our various card programs, originating loans to customers, providing liquidity for Cash App s feature that permits our customers to buy and sell bitcoin, and providing information and other elements of our services. For example, we rely on a limited number of acquiring processors in some of the jurisdictions in which we offer our services. We are in the process of transitioning one of our acquiring processors, and we frequently review and assess third-party partners that provide services. Adding or transitioning to new acquiring or issuing processors or other third-party providers may significantly disrupt our business or increase our costs. We have also in the past experienced outages with third parties, which have affected our ability to provide services and process payments, including for cards issued under our own brands. In the event these third parties fail to provide these services adequately, including as a result of financial difficulty or insolvency, errors in their systems, outages or events beyond their control, or refuse to provide these services or renew our agreements with them on terms acceptable to us or at all, and we are not able to find suitable alternatives, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We depend on key management, as well as our experienced and capable employees, and any failure to attract, motivate, and retain our employees could harm our ability to maintain and grow our business. 
 
 Our future success is significantly dependent upon the continued service of our executives and other key employees. If we lose the services of any member of management or any key personnel, we may not be able to locate a suitable or qualified replacement, and we may incur additional expenses to recruit and train a replacement, which could disrupt our business and growth. 
 
 To maintain and grow our business, we will need to identify, attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled employees. This requires significant time, expense, and attention. In addition, from time to time, there may be changes in our management team or management structure that may be disruptive to our business. If our management team or management structure, including any new hires that we make, fails to work together effectively and to execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis, our business could be harmed. Competition for highly skilled personnel is intense. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain new employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. Further, our plan to continue to cap our employee base at approximately 12,000, and any other future plans to restructure our employee base to improve operational efficiencies and operating costs, may adversely affect our ability to retain or attract highly skilled employees. 
 
 Historically, equity awards have been a key component of our employee compensation, and as a result, any decline in the price of our Class A common stock (directly or relative to the stock price of other companies with which we compete for talent) may adversely impact our ability to retain employees or to attract new employees. Additionally, potential changes in U.S. immigration policy may make it difficult to renew or obtain visas for any highly skilled personnel that we have hired or may hire in the future. Furthermore, our business may be materially adversely affected if legislative or administrative changes to immigration or visa laws and regulations impair our hiring processes or projects involving personnel who are not citizens of the country where the work is to be performed. If we are not able to add or retain employees effectively, our ability to achieve our strategic objectives will be adversely affected, and our business and growth prospects will be harmed. 
 
 If we do not continue to improve our operational, financial, and other internal controls and systems to manage growth effectively, our business could be harmed. 
 
 Our current business and anticipated growth, as well as our entry into new lines of business and our acquisitions, will continue to place significant demands on our management and other resources. In order to manage our growth effectively, we must continue to strengthen our existing infrastructure and operational procedures, enhance our internal controls and reporting systems, and ensure we timely and accurately address issues as they arise. In particular, our continued growth will increase the challenges involved in: 
 
 improving existing and developing new internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our operational, financial, communications, and other internal systems and procedures; 
 76 

successfully expanding and implementing internal controls as they relate to our new lines of business and any acquired businesses; 
 
 identifying and mitigating new and developing risks; 
 
 installing enhanced management information and control systems; and 
 
 preserving our core values, strategies, and goals and effectively communicating these to our employees worldwide. 
 
 These challenges have increased as we shift to a more distributed workforce. If we are not successful in developing and implementing the right processes and tools to manage our enterprise, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. 
 
 These efforts may require substantial financial expenditures, commitments of resources, developments of our processes, and other investments and innovations. As we grow and our business model evolves, we must balance the need for additional controls and systems with the ability to efficiently develop and launch new features for our products and services. However, it is likely that as we grow, we will not be able to launch new features, or respond to customer or market demands as quickly as a smaller, more efficient organization. If we do not successfully manage our growth, our business will suffer. 
 
 The metrics we use to measure our business are calculated using internal company data based on the activity we measure on our platforms and may be compiled from multiple systems, including systems that are organically developed or acquired through business combinations. There are inherent challenges and limitations in measuring our business globally at scale, and the methodologies used to calculate our metrics inherently require certain assumptions and judgments. For example, we currently identify a Cash App transacting active as a Cash App account that has at least one financial transaction using any product or service within Cash App during a specified period although certain of these accounts may share an alias identifier with one or more other transacting active accounts (for example, families sharing one alias identifier or one customer with multiple accounts). Examples of transactions include sending or receiving a peer-to-peer payment, transferring money into or out of Cash App, making a purchase using Cash App Card, earning a dividend on a stock investment, paying back a loan, among others. We regularly review our processes for calculating these metrics, and from time to time we may make adjustments to improve their accuracy or relevance. Further, as our business develops, we may revise or cease reporting metrics if we determine that such metrics are no longer appropriate measures of our performance. If investors, customers or other stakeholders do not believe our reporting metrics accurately reflect our business or they disagree with our methodologies, our reputation may be harmed and our business may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Many of our key components are procured from a single or limited number of suppliers. Thus, we are at risk of shortage, price increases, tariffs, changes, delay, or discontinuation of key components, which could disrupt and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Many of the key components used to manufacture our products, such as the custom parts of our magstripe reader, come from limited or single sources of supply. Due to our reliance on the components or products produced by third-party suppliers, we are subject to the risk of shortages and long lead times or other disruptions in the supply of certain components or products. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, component shortages or delays or other problems in product assembly, and the availability of these components or products may be difficult to predict. For example, our manufacturers may experience temporary or permanent disruptions in their manufacturing operations due to equipment breakdowns, labor strikes or shortages, natural disasters, the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, component or material shortages, cost increases, acquisitions, insolvency, bankruptcy, business shutdowns, trade restrictions, changes in legal or regulatory requirements, or other similar problems. In addition, if we underestimate or overestimate demand for a particular product, our contract manufacturers and suppliers may not be able to deliver sufficient quantities of that product to meet our requirements, or we may carry excess inventory, all of which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 77 

Additionally, various sources of supply-chain risk, including strikes or shutdowns at delivery ports or loss of or damage to our products while they are in transit or storage, intellectual property theft, losses due to tampering, third-party vendor issues with quality or sourcing control, failure by our suppliers to comply with applicable laws and regulation, potential tariffs or other trade restrictions, or other similar problems could limit or delay the supply of our products or harm our reputation. In the event of a shortage or supply interruption from suppliers of these components, we may not be able to develop alternate sources quickly, cost-effectively, or at all. Any interruption or delay in manufacturing, component supply, any increases in component costs, or the inability to obtain these parts or components from alternate sources at acceptable prices and within a reasonable amount of time, would harm our ability to provide our products to sellers on a timely basis or impact our cost of goods sold. This could harm our relationships with our sellers, prevent us from acquiring new sellers, and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Some of our hardware devices manufactured in China are subject to 25 tariffs when imported to the United States, while some other hardware devices are subject to tariffs at 7.5 . These tariffs negatively affect our gross margin on the impacted products, and increases in our pricing as a result of tariffs would reduce the competitiveness of our products if our competitors do not make similar pricing adjustments. The impact of any increased or new tariffs or other trade restrictions could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of future operations. 
 
 Our services must integrate with a variety of operating systems. If we are unable to ensure that our services or hardware interoperate with such operating systems and devices, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We are dependent on the ability of our products and services to integrate with a variety of operating systems, web browsers, and wired and wireless interfaces to mobile devices that we do not control. Any changes in these systems that degrade the functionality of our products and services, impose additional costs or requirements on us, or give preferential treatment to competitive services, including their own services, could materially and adversely affect usage of our products and services. In addition, we rely on app marketplaces, such as the Apple App Store and Google Play, to drive downloads of our mobile apps. Apple, Google, or other operators of app marketplaces regularly make changes to their marketplaces, and those changes may make access to our products and services more difficult. In the event that it is difficult for our customers to access and use our products and services, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, Apple, Google, or other operators of app marketplaces regularly provide software updates, and such software updates may not operate effectively with our products and services, which may reduce the demand for our products and services, result in dissatisfaction by our customers, and may materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our TIDAL business depends upon maintaining complex licenses with copyright owners, and it is difficult to estimate the amount payable under our license agreements. 
 
 Under TIDAL s license agreements and relevant statutes, we must pay all required royalties to record labels, music publishers, and other copyright owners in order to stream, distribute, and display content. The determination of the amount and timing of such royalty payments is complex and subject to a number of variables, including the type of content accessed, the country in which it is accessed, the service tier such content is streamed on, the identity of the license holder to whom royalties are owed, the current size of our subscriber base, the applicability of any most favored nations provisions, and any applicable fees, waivers, and discounts, among other variables. We may underpay/under-accrue or overpay/over-accrue the royalty amounts payable to record labels, music publishers, and other copyright owners. Failure to accurately pay our royalties may damage our business relationships, our reputation, and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 78 

Economic, Financial, and Tax Risks 
 
 A deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 Our performance is subject to economic conditions and the impact of such conditions on levels of spending by businesses and individuals. Most of the sellers that use our services are small businesses, many of which are in the early stages of their development, and these businesses are often disproportionately adversely affected by economic downturns and may fail at a higher rate than larger or more established businesses. In particular, inflation and economic uncertainty have impacted and may continue to impact consumer spending in general and at these businesses specifically. Small businesses frequently have limited budgets and limited access to capital, and they may choose to allocate their spending to items other than our financial or marketing services, especially in times of economic uncertainty or in recessions. In addition, if our sellers cease to operate, this may have an adverse impact not only on the growth of our payments services but also on our transaction and advance loss rates, and the success of our other services. For example, if sellers processing payments with Square receive chargebacks after they cease to operate, we may incur additional losses. We serve sellers across a variety of industry verticals and in an economic downturn, certain verticals, particularly those that may be viewed as discretionary by consumers, may be impacted to a greater degree than others, which may harm our business and financial results. 
 
 We may experience material and adverse impacts to our business as a result of the uncertainty and volatility in the banking and financial services sectors, deteriorating macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and interest rate increases, availability of credit, bankruptcies or insolvencies of customers, and recession or economic downturn. As a result of economic conditions, the growth in the number of Square sellers qualifying for participation in the Square Loans program may slow, or business loans may be paid more slowly, or not at all. In addition, customers who utilize our BNPL products and consumer loan products, such as Cash App Borrow, may also be disproportionately adversely affected by economic downturns, which could negatively impact demand for these product offerings or cause loss rates on such products to increase. 
 
 Further, our suppliers, distributors, and other third-party partners may suffer their own financial and economic challenges. Such suppliers and third parties may demand pricing accommodations, delay payment, or become insolvent, which could harm our ability to meet end customer demands or collect revenue or otherwise could harm our business. Furthermore, our investment portfolio, which includes U.S. government and corporate securities, is subject to general credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by certain events that affect the global financial markets. If global credit and equity markets decline for extended periods, or if there is a downgrade of the securities within our portfolio, our investment portfolio may be adversely affected and we could determine that our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial results. In addition, from time to time we have reduced expenses and needed to restructure or reorganize certain portions of our operations in order to align our business with market conditions and our strategies, any of which can result in near term expense and harm to our growth prospects. 
 
 We are currently subletting some of our office space. An economic downturn and our work-from-home practices have caused and may in the future cause us to need less office space than we are contractually committed to leasing. We have, and may continue to, incur losses or recognize impairment charges in connection with any unused office space if we are unable to successfully sublease any unused office space, or if we are unable to successfully terminate any of our leasing commitments. 
 
 We may not be able to secure financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs, and our existing credit agreement and our Senior Notes contain, and any future debt financing may contain, covenants that impact the operation of our business and pursuit of business opportunities. 
 
 We have funded our operations since inception primarily through debt and equity financings, bank credit agreements, finance lease arrangements, and cash from operations. While we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable debt securities, and availability under our line of credit are sufficient to meet our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, and service our debt, there is no guarantee that this will continue to be true in the future. In the future, we may require or seek additional capital to respond to business opportunities, refinancing needs, business and financial challenges, regulatory surety bond requirements, acquisitions, or unforeseen circumstances and may decide to engage in equity, equity-linked, or debt financings or enter into additional credit agreements for other reasons. We may not be able to secure any such additional financing or refinancing on favorable terms, in a timely manner, or at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. 
 
 79 

We have financing arrangements with financial institutions in Australia, New Zealand, the United States and the United Kingdom (collectively, the Warehouse Facilities to partly fund our BNPL platform. The terms of the Warehouse Facilities contain covenants that may be triggered in certain situations (such as non-repayments on consumer borrowings exceeding certain monetary thresholds or key management resigning), which may negatively impact our ability to obtain additional funding under the Warehouse Facilities. If certain events of default occur under the Warehouse Facilities, we may not be able to draw future funding from those Warehouse Facilities or the debt outstanding under the Warehouse Facilities may be accelerated and our business and financial results could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our credit agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants, including customary limitations on the incurrence of certain indebtedness and liens, restrictions on certain intercompany transactions, and limitations on dividends and stock repurchases. The indentures pursuant to which our 2026 Senior Notes, 2031 Senior Notes, and 2032 Senior Notes (collectively, the Senior Notes were issued contain covenants that restrict or could restrict, among other things, our business and operations. Any debt financing obtained by us in the future could also involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to operate our business, obtain additional capital, and pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and breaches of these covenants could result in a default under our existing credit agreement or our Senior Notes and any future financing agreements into which we may enter. If not waived, these defaults could cause indebtedness outstanding under our credit agreement, our Senior Notes, our other outstanding indebtedness, including our 2025 Convertible Notes, 2026 Convertible Notes, and 2027 Convertible Notes (collectively, the Convertible Notes, and together with the Senior Notes, the Notes ), and any future financing agreements that we may enter into to become immediately due and payable or may prevent us from borrowing under our credit agreement. 
 
 If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or other securities convertible into equity, including convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer dilution in their percentage ownership of our company, and any such securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Changes by any rating agency to our outlook or credit rating could negatively affect the value of both our debt and equity securities and increase our borrowing costs. If our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative action is taken, our ability to obtain additional financing in the future on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected. 
 
 Servicing our Notes may require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash or the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Convertible Notes in cash, repay the Notes at maturity, or repurchase the Notes as required following a fundamental change. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 1.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2025 Convertible Notes, 575.0 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2026 Convertible Notes, 575.0 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2027 Convertible Notes, 1.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2026 Senior Notes, 1.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2031 Senior Notes, and 2.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2032 Senior Notes. 
 
 Prior to December 1, 2024, in the case of the 2025 Convertible Notes, February 1, 2026, in the case of the 2026 Convertible Notes, and August 1, 2027, in the case of the 2027 Convertible Notes, the applicable Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holders only under certain conditions or upon occurrence of certain events. After such dates, the holders may convert all or a portion of such Convertible Notes at their option. If holders of the Convertible Notes of a series elect to convert such Convertible Notes when eligible, we will be required to settle the Convertible Notes in cash, shares of Class A common stock or any combination thereof. 
 
 In addition, holders of each series of Notes also have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes of such series upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the applicable indenture governing the Notes) and, in the case of the Senior Notes, accompanied by a downgrade of the Senior Notes, at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, or at a repurchase price equal to 101 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, as applicable. If the Notes of any series have not previously been converted or repurchased, we will be required to repay such Notes in cash at maturity. 
 
 80 

Our ability to make required cash payments in connection with conversions of the Convertible Notes, repurchase the Notes as required following a fundamental change, or to repay or refinance the Notes at maturity will depend on market conditions and our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. We also may not use the cash proceeds we raised through the issuance of the Notes in an optimally productive and profitable manner. Since inception, our business has generated net losses in most quarters, and we may continue to incur significant losses. As a result, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase or repay the Notes or pay cash with respect to the Convertible Notes being converted. 
 
 In addition, our ability to repurchase or to pay cash upon conversion or at maturity of the Notes may be limited by law or regulatory authority. Our failure to repurchase Notes as required following a fundamental change or to pay cash upon conversion of our Convertible Notes (unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our Class A common stock to settle such conversion) or at maturity of the Notes as required by the applicable indenture would constitute a default under such indenture. A default under the applicable indenture could also lead to a default under our credit agreement, our other outstanding indebtedness, or agreements governing our future indebtedness. Moreover, the occurrence of the fundamental change itself could lead to such a default. Any such default could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If the payment of our other outstanding indebtedness or future indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay such indebtedness and repurchase the Notes or to pay cash upon conversion of the Convertible Notes or at maturity of the Notes. 
 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of each series of our Convertible Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with certain financial institutions, which we refer to as the "option counterparties." The option counterparties are financial institutions or affiliates of financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that one or more of such option counterparties may default under the convertible note hedge transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. If any option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the convertible note hedge transaction. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated to the increase in our Class A common stock market price and in the volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, upon a default by any option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and dilution with respect to our Class A common stock. We can provide no assurance as to the financial stability or viability of any option counterparty. 
 
 Our bitcoin investment is subject to volatile market prices. 
 
 We have made, and expect to make additional, investments in bitcoin. The price of bitcoin has been highly volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future, due to market factors, regulatory developments and other risks that are outside of our control. The prevalence of bitcoin is a relatively recent trend, and the long-term adoption of bitcoin by investors, consumers, and businesses remains uncertain. Bitcoin s lack of a physical form, its reliance on technology for its creation, existence, and transactional validation, and its decentralization may subject its integrity to the threat of malicious attacks and technological obsolescence. To the extent the market value of our bitcoin investment continues to decrease relative to the purchase prices, our financial condition may be adversely impacted. 
 
 The manner in which we account for our bitcoin under applicable accounting rules has changed. Prior to our adoption of ASU 2023-08, Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets ASU 2023-08 ), our bitcoin was accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset and for each reporting period, we were required to evaluate our bitcoin for impairment and record impairment losses if the fair value decreased below the carrying value during the assessed period. Since impairment losses for our bitcoin investment could not be recovered for any subsequent increases in fair value until the asset was sold, our operating results were adversely affected in any period in which such impairment occurred. Upon adoption of ASU 2023-08, we remeasured our bitcoin investment to its fair value as of January 1, 2023, resulting in an adjustment to our accumulated deficit. We will continue to remeasure our bitcoin investment at the end of each reporting period with changes recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. Accordingly, fluctuations in the market value of bitcoin in any quarter may cause fluctuations in our financial results. If there are future changes in applicable accounting rules that require us to change the manner in which we account for our bitcoin investment, there could be a material and adverse effect on our financial results and the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 81 

We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates through our international operations could have a negative impact on our reported results of operations. From time to time, we may enter into forward contracts, options, and/or foreign exchange swaps related to foreign currency exposures that arise in the normal course of our business. These and other such hedging activities may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 
 
 We may have exposure to greater-than-anticipated tax liabilities, which may materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes and non-income taxes in the United States and other countries in which we transact or conduct business, and such laws and rates vary by jurisdiction. We are subject to review and audit by U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign tax authorities. Such tax authorities have in the past disagreed, and may in the future disagree, with tax positions we take, and if any such tax authority were to successfully challenge any such position, our financial results and operations could be materially and adversely affected. For example, in June 2024, the Office of the Treasurer and Tax Collector of the City and County of San Francisco (the "Tax Collector") finalized its audit and issued an assessment of San Francisco s gross receipts tax, including interest and penalties, following its gross receipt tax audit for fiscal years 2020, 2021 and 2022. The Tax Collector has asserted that incremental taxes are owed on a portion of the receipts generated by the Company related to sales of Bitcoin. The Company strongly disagrees with the Tax Collector s assessment and plans to vigorously pursue all available remedies. The Company will be required to pay such assessment prior to pursuing litigation on this matter. Should the Company not reach a settlement or prevail in its legal challenge, the Tax Collector may challenge the Company s gross receipts tax position going forward, including for 2023 and 2024. In addition, we currently are, and expect to continue to be, subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign tax audits relating to transfer pricing, income, sales and use, gross receipts, franchise, value-added VAT ), and other tax liabilities. While we have established reserves based on assumptions and estimates that we believe are reasonably sufficient to cover such eventualities, any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations if the reserves prove to be insufficient. 
 
 Our tax liability could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws, rates, regulations, and administrative practices. For example, various levels of government and international organizations, such as in the United States, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ), and the European Union EU ), have increasingly focused on tax reform and any result from this development may create changes to long-standing tax principles, which could adversely affect our effective tax rate. On October 8, 2021, the OECD announced an international agreement with more than 130 countries to implement a new global minimum effective corporate tax rate of 15 (known as "Pillar Two") for large multinational companies starting in 2023. Additionally, under the agreement, new rules have been introduced that will result in the reallocation of certain profits from large multinational companies to market jurisdictions where customers and users are located. On December 12, 2022, the EU Council unanimously agreed to implement Pillar Two, which EU member countries are required to adopt into their respective tax codes by the end of 2023. On July 17, 2023, the OECD published Administrative Guidance regarding certain safe harbor rules that effectively extend certain effective dates to January 1, 2027. Although certain implementation details have yet to be developed, these changes may have adverse tax consequences for us. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was enacted in the United States, which introduced, among provisions, a new minimum corporate income tax on certain large corporations, an excise tax of 1 on certain share repurchases by corporations, and increased funding for the Internal Revenue Service. Although we do not anticipate the new corporate minimum income tax will currently apply to us, we may be subject to the corporate minimum income tax in the future due to changes in our financial results, business and any future regulations or other guidance on the interpretation and application of the new corporate minimum tax. In addition, as announced on August 1, 2024, our board of directors approved an increase to our share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to an additional 3.0 billion of our Class A common stock. The new minimum corporate income tax and 1 excise tax on share repurchases may result in additional taxes payable by us, which could materially and adversely affect our financial results and operations. 
 
 82 

Our income tax obligations are based on our corporate operating structure, including the manner in which we develop, value, and use our intellectual property and the scope of our international operations. The tax authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements. Additionally, tax authorities at the international, federal, state, and local levels are currently reviewing the appropriate tax treatment of companies engaged in internet commerce and financial technology and attempting to broaden the classification and definitions of activities subject to taxation. For example, various states may attempt to broaden the definition of internet hosting, data processing, telecommunications, and other services to capture additional types of activities. These developing changes could affect our financial position and results of operations. In particular, it is possible that tax authorities at the international, federal, state, and local levels may attempt to regulate our transactions or levy new or revised sales and use taxes, gross receipts, franchise, VAT, digital services taxes, digital advertising taxes, income taxes, loan taxes, streaming taxes, or other taxes relating to our activities, which would likely increase the cost of doing business. New taxes could also create significant increases in internal costs necessary to capture data and collect and remit taxes. Proposed or enacted laws regarding tax compliance obligations could require us to make changes to our infrastructure or increase our compliance obligation. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Moreover, an increasing number of states, the U.S. federal government, and certain foreign jurisdictions have considered or adopted laws or administrative practices that impose obligations for on-demand and streaming services, online marketplaces, payment service providers and other intermediaries. These obligations may deem parties, such as us, to be the legal agent of merchants and therefore may require us to collect and remit taxes on the merchants' behalf and take on additional reporting and record-keeping obligations. For example, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 requires businesses that process payments to report payments for goods and services on Form 1099-K when those transactions total more than 600 in a year for a given seller, which reporting requirement applies to Square and Cash App for Business accounts. However, the IRS has delayed the 600 threshold for 2023 and prior tax years and affected businesses are only required to send out Forms 1099-K to taxpayers who receive over 20,000 and have over 200 transactions in those years. For the 2024 tax year, the IRS has announced plans for a threshold of 5,000 to phase in reporting requirements, which is potentially subject to change until new federal legislation raising the threshold and/or future IRS action is finalized. This new threshold is currently expected to apply to transactions occurring in 2024, subject to any changes implemented by the Internal Revenue Service. Any failure by us to prepare for and to comply with these and similar reporting and record-keeping obligations could result in substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions, adversely impact our ability to do business in certain jurisdictions, and harm our business. 
 
 The determination of our worldwide provision for income and other tax liabilities is highly complex and requires significant judgment by management, and there are many transactions during the ordinary course of business where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. 
 
 We have in the past recorded, and may in the future record, significant valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets, which may have a material impact on our results of operations and cause fluctuations in such results. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets in the United States and in certain other countries. Our deferred tax assets relate predominantly to the United States federal and state tax jurisdictions. The need for a valuation allowance requires an assessment of both positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable; such assessment is required on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. In making such an assessment, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. 
 
 We continue to monitor the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets in the future and adjustments in our valuation allowance may be required. Given our recent results and expected future results in the United States, sufficient positive evidence may exist in a future period to support the conclusion that all or a portion of the valuation allowance will no longer be required. The release of the United States valuation allowance would result in the recognition of material federal and state deferred tax assets and a corresponding decrease to income tax expense and the effective tax rate in the period it is recorded. The timing and amount of any valuation allowance release is unknown because it is dependent on the assessment of all available evidence, including projected future taxable income in each applicable jurisdiction. The recording of any future increases in or release of all or any portion of our valuation allowance could have a material impact on our reported results, and both the recording and release of the valuation allowance could cause fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results of operations. 
 
 83 

Legal, Regulatory, and Compliance Risks 
 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulation and oversight in a variety of areas, all of which are subject to change and uncertain interpretation. 
 
 We are subject to a wide variety of local, state, federal, and international laws, regulations, licensing schemes, and industry standards in the United States and in other countries in which we operate. These laws, regulations, and standards govern numerous areas that are important to our business, and include, or may in the future include, those relating to or placing restrictions upon banking, lending, deposit-taking, cross-border and domestic money transmission, foreign exchange, payments services (such as payment processing and settlement services), cryptocurrency, trading in shares and fractional shares, personal income tax filing, fraud detection, consumer protection, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, escheatment, sanctions regimes and export controls, privacy, data protection and information security, fiscalization and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, a set of requirements designed to ensure that all companies that process, store, or transmit payment card information maintain a secure environment to protect cardholder data. 
 
 These laws, rules, regulations, and standards are enforced by multiple authorities and governing bodies in the United States, including federal agencies, such as the FDIC, the SEC, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB"), the Department of Justice ("DOJ") and Office of Foreign Assets Control, self-regulatory organizations, and numerous state and local agencies, such as the Utah Department of Financial Institutions. Outside of the United States, we are subject to additional regulators, authorities, and governing bodies. As we expand into new jurisdictions, expand our product offerings in existing jurisdictions, or as laws, regulations, and standards evolve, the number of foreign regulations and regulators, authorities, and governing bodies governing our business will expand as well. For example, in connection with our acquisition of Afterpay we established a secondary listing on the ASX, subjecting us to additional listing requirements. As our business and products continue to develop and expand, we may become subject to additional rules, regulations, and industry standards. We may not always be able to accurately predict the scope or applicability of certain regulations to our business, particularly as we expand into new areas of operations, which could have a significant negative effect on our existing business and our ability to pursue future plans. In addition, certain regulators have imposed and in the future may impose additional requirements on our business as a condition for obtaining or maintaining permits, licenses or rights to conduct our business that restrict our business or our ability to take certain actions. If we fail to comply with the terms of such permits, licenses or other requirements, we could face regulatory or other enforcement actions, penalties or we may not be able to continue operating our business in the same manner. 
 
 Laws, regulations, and standards are subject to changes and evolving interpretations and application, including by means of legislative changes and/or executive orders, and may not be consistent across jurisdictions or regulatory bodies. It can be difficult to predict how such laws, regulations, and standards may be applied to our business and the way we conduct our operations, particularly as we introduce new products and services and expand into new jurisdictions. 
 
 For example, Cash App includes a feature that permits our customers to buy and sell bitcoin. Bitcoin is not widely accepted as legal tender or backed by governments around the world, and it has experienced price volatility, technological glitches, security compromises, and various law enforcement and regulatory interventions. Certain existing laws also prohibit transactions with certain persons and entities, and we have a risk-based program in place to prevent such transactions. Despite this, due to the nature of bitcoin and blockchain technology, we may not be able to prevent all such transactions, and there can be no guarantee that our measures will be viewed as sufficient. The regulation of bitcoin, as well as cryptocurrency and crypto platforms is an evolving area, and we could become subject to additional legislation or regulation in the future, or we might not be able to continue operating the feature in Cash App, at least in current form. If we fail to comply with regulations or prohibitions applicable to us, we could face regulatory or other enforcement actions, potential fines, reputational harm, and other consequences. Further, we might need to make other changes to our business operations, our products or our services as a result of changes in laws, regulations, standards, or decisions made by governing or regulatory authorities, which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decrease. 
 
 84 

We are subject to audits, inspections, inquiries, and investigations from regulators, authorities, and governing bodies, as applicable, on an ongoing basis. Although we have a compliance program focused on the laws, rules, regulations, and standards applicable to our business, we have been and are still subject to audits, inspections, inquiries, investigations, fines, or other actions or penalties in one or more jurisdictions levied by regulators, including federal agencies, state Attorneys General and private plaintiffs who may be acting as private attorneys general pursuant to various applicable laws, as well as those levied by foreign regulators, authorities, and governing bodies. For example, following the publication of a short seller report in March 2023, we received inquiries from the SEC and DOJ and we continue to cooperate in such matters. Further, as discussed in Note 17., Commitments and Contingencies, we have received CIDs from the CFPB and have been engaged in discussions regarding certain compliance matters. Regulatory, governmental and other agencies have and may continue to coordinate or share information from time to time, which may result in new or consolidated actions by various agencies against us. In addition to fines, penalties for failing to comply with applicable rules and regulations could include significant criminal and civil lawsuits, forfeiture of significant assets, increased licensure requirements, revocation of licenses or other enforcement actions. We have been and may be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs as a result of regulatory scrutiny. In addition, any perceived or actual failure by us to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, and standards could have a significant impact on our reputation as a trusted brand and could cause us to lose existing customers, prevent us from obtaining new customers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy issues identified by regulators, and expose us to legal risk and potential criminal and civil liability. 
 
 85 

Our business is subject to complex and evolving regulations and oversight related to privacy, data protection, and information security. 
 
 We are subject to laws and regulations relating to the collection, use, retention, privacy, protection, security, and transfer of information, including personal information of our employees and customers. As with the other laws and regulations noted above, these laws and regulations may change or be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is possible they will be interpreted and applied in ways that will materially and adversely affect our business. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and similar legislation in the United Kingdom U.K. impose stringent privacy and data protection requirements and provide for greater penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 4 of worldwide annual revenue or 20 million or 17.5 million, as applicable. The GDPR restricts international data transfers from the EU to other jurisdictions unless the rights of the individual data subjects in respect of their personal data is protected by an approved transfer mechanism, or one of a limited number of exceptions applies. In the U.K., the Data Protection Act and legislation referred to as the GDPR substantially enact the GDPR into U.K. law and provide for similar requirements. When transferring personal data from the EU to other jurisdictions, we utilize standard contractual clauses published by the EU Commission (the "SCCs"). We use similar mechanisms approved by the U.K. Information Commissioner s Office when transferring personal data from the UK to other jurisdictions. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union issued a decision that may impose additional obligations on companies when relying on those SCCs. On July 10, 2023, the European Commission issued its adequacy decision for the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, concluding that the DPF ensures U.S. protection of personal data transferred between the countries is comparable to that offered in the EU. These and other developments relating to cross-border data transfer could result in increased costs of compliance and limitations on our customers and us. Additionally, legal or regulatory challenges or other developments relating to cross-border data transfer may serve as a basis for our personal data handling practices, or those of our customers and vendors, to be challenged and may otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. In the U.K., personal data generally may be transferred from the EU to the U.K. without restriction pursuant to an adequacy decision issued by the European Commission under the GDPR and the Law Enforcement Directive, subject to a four-year sunset period, after which the European Commission s adequacy decision may be renewed. During that period, the European Commission will continue to monitor the legal situation in the U.K. and may intervene at any time with respect to its adequacy decision. The UK s adequacy determination therefore is subject to future uncertainty and may be subject to modification or revocation in the future. We could be required to make additional changes to the way we conduct our business and transmit data between the U.S., the U.K., the EU, and the rest of the world. Further, in addition to the GDPR, the European Commission has a draft regulation in the approval process that focuses on a person s right to conduct a private life. The proposed legislation, known as the Regulation of Privacy and Electronic Communications ePrivacy Regulation ), would replace the current ePrivacy Directive. If adopted, it would carry broad potential impacts on the use of internet-based services and tracking technologies, such as cookies. We expect to incur additional costs to comply with the requirements of the ePrivacy Regulation as it is finalized for implementation. Additionally, on January 13, 2022, the Austrian data protection regulator published a decision ruling that the collection of personal data and transfer to the U.S. through Google Analytics and other analytics and tracking tools used by website operators violates the GDPR. The Dutch, French and Italian data protection regulators have adopted similar decisions. Other data protection regulators in the EU increasingly are focused on the use of online tracking tools. Any of these changes or other developments with respect to EU data protection law could disrupt our business and otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, some countries are considering or have enacted legislation addressing matters such as requirements for local storage and processing of data that could impact our compliance obligations, expose us to liability, and increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services. 
 
 Likewise, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA became effective on January 1, 2020 and was modified by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which was passed in November 2020 and became effective on January 1, 2023. The CCPA and CPRA impose stringent data privacy and data protection requirements relating to personal information of California residents, and provide for penalties for noncompliance of up to 7,500 per violation. Aspects of the interpretation and enforcement of the CCPA and CPRA remain unclear. More generally, privacy, data protection, and information security continue to be rapidly evolving areas, and further legislative activity has arisen and will likely continue to arise in the U.S., the EU, and other jurisdictions. For example, several states in the U.S. have proposed or enacted laws that contain obligations similar to the CCPA and CPRA that have taken effect or will take effect in coming years. The U.S. federal government also is contemplating federal privacy legislation. The effects of recently proposed or enacted legislation potentially are far-reaching and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Further, variances in these laws and regulations or their interpretations may increase our compliance costs. 
 
 86 

We have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenses to comply with evolving privacy, data protection, and information security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards, shifting consumer expectations, or contractual obligations. Laws and regulations directed at privacy, data protection, and information security, and those that have been applied in those areas, can be challenging to comply with and may be subject to evolving interpretations or applications. In particular, with laws and regulations such as the GDPR in the EU and the CCPA, CPRA, and other laws in the U.S. imposing new and relatively burdensome obligations, and with the interpretation and application of these and other laws and regulations subject to evolving and uncertain interpretation and application, we may face challenges in addressing their requirements and making necessary changes to our policies and practices, and we may incur significant costs and expenses in an effort to do so. Any failure, real or perceived, by us to comply with our privacy, data protection, or information security policies, changing consumer expectations, or with any evolving legal or regulatory requirements, industry standards, or contractual obligations could result in claims, demands, and litigation by private parties, investigations and other proceedings by regulatory authorities, and fines, penalties and other liabilities, may harm our reputation and competitive position, and may cause our customers to reduce their use of our products and services, disrupt our supply chain or third-party vendor or developer partnerships, and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to litigation, government investigations or inquiries, and regulatory matters or disputes. 
 
 We are currently, and may continue to be, subject to claims, lawsuits (including class actions and individual lawsuits), disputes, investigations, subpoenas, inquiries or audits, and other actions or proceedings, including from regulatory bodies and governmental agencies. The number and significance of our legal disputes and inquiries have increased as we have grown larger, as our business has expanded in scope and geographic reach, and as our products and services have increased in complexity, and we expect that we will continue to face additional legal disputes as we continue to grow and expand. We also receive significant media attention, which could result in increased litigation or other legal or regulatory reviews and proceedings. Moreover, legal disputes or government or regulatory inquiries or findings may cause follow-on litigation or regulatory scrutiny by additional parties. These claims, lawsuits, investigations, subpoenas, inquiries, audits and other actions may require significant time and expense even if we are successful in resolving the matter, and the outcomes can be uncertain and unpredictable and may involve material penalties, fines or restrictions on our business. 
 
 Some of the laws and regulations affecting the internet, mobile commerce, dispute resolution, payment processing, BNPL, bitcoin and equity investing, streaming service, business financing, and employment were not written with businesses like ours in mind, and many of the laws and regulations, including those affecting us have been enacted relatively recently. As a result, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the scope and application of many of the laws and regulations to which we are or may be subject, which increases the risk that we will be subject to claims alleging violations of those laws and regulations. The scope, outcome, and impact of claims, lawsuits, government or regulatory investigations, subpoenas, inquiries or audits, and other proceedings to which we are subject cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such investigations and legal proceedings can have a material and adverse impact on us due to their costs, diversion of our resources, restrictions placed on our business, and other factors. Plaintiffs may seek, and we may become subject to, preliminary or provisional rulings in the course of litigation, including preliminary injunctions requiring us to cease some or all of our operations. We may decide to settle legal disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us. 
 
 As a licensed money transmitter, we are subject to important obligations and restrictions. 
 
 We have obtained licenses to operate as a money transmitter (or as other financial services institutions) in the U.S. and in the states where this is required, as well as in some non-U.S. jurisdictions, including but not limited to the EU, the U.K., and Australia. As a licensed money transmitter, we are subject to obligations and restrictions including with respect to the investment of customer funds, reporting requirements, bonding requirements, and inspection by state and federal regulatory agencies concerning those aspects of our business considered money transmission. Evaluation of our compliance efforts, as well as the questions of whether and to what extent our products and services are considered money transmission, are matters of regulatory interpretation and could change over time. Our state money transmission license regulators also frequently collaborate on their examinations of our business. We have and continue to work with them on any concerns they raise. In the past, we have been subject to, and may in the future be subject to, fines and other penalties by such regulatory authorities due to their interpretations and applications to our business of their respective state money transmission laws. Any examinations and investigations by state regulators could result in liability, including governmental fines, restrictions on our business, or other sanctions, and we could be forced to cease conducting business in certain jurisdictions, be forced to otherwise change our business practices in certain jurisdictions, or be required to obtain additional licenses or regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any such licenses, and, even if we were able to do so, there could be substantial costs and potential product changes involved in maintaining such licenses, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 
 
 87 

We are subject to a number of regulatory risks in the BNPL space. 
 
 The regulation of BNPL products is evolving, and states or countries have and may continue to pass new or additional regulations or additional and changing legal, regulatory, tax, licensing, and compliance requirements and industry standards that could adversely impact our BNPL products or the way we operate our BNPL platform. The CFPB has clarified that companies offering certain BNPL products are subject to many of the same regulatory requirements as credit card issuers. Increased compliance obligations and regulatory scrutiny may negatively impact our revenue and profitability. Any inability, or perceived inability, to comply with existing or new compliance obligations issued by the CFPB or any other regulatory authority, including with respect to BNPL products, could lead to regulatory investigations, or result in administrative or enforcement action, such as fines, penalties, and/or enforceable undertakings and adversely affect us and our results of operations. Regulatory scrutiny or changes in the BNPL space may impose significant compliance costs and make it uneconomical for us to continue to operate in our current markets or for us to expand into new markets. 
 
 Our subsidiary Cash App Investing is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member of FINRA, and therefore is subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny. 
 
 Our subsidiary Cash App Investing facilitates transactions in shares and fractionalized shares of publicly-traded stock and exchange-traded funds by users of our Cash App through a third-party clearing and carrying broker-dealer, DriveWealth LLC DriveWealth ). Cash App Investing is registered with the SEC as a broker-dealer under the Exchange Act and is a member of FINRA. Therefore, Cash App Investing is subject to regulation, examination, and supervision by the SEC, FINRA, and state securities regulators. The regulations applicable to broker-dealers cover all aspects of the securities business, including sales practices, use and safekeeping of clients funds and securities, capital adequacy, record-keeping, and the conduct and qualification of officers, employees, and independent contractors. As part of the regulatory process, broker-dealers are subject to periodic examinations by their regulators, the purpose of which is to determine compliance with securities laws and regulations, and from time to time may be subject to additional routine and for-cause examinations. It is not uncommon for regulators to assert, upon completion of an examination, that the broker-dealer being examined has violated certain of these rules and regulations. Depending on the nature and extent of the violations, the broker-dealer may be required to pay a fine and/or be subject to other forms of disciplinary and corrective action. Additionally, the adverse publicity arising from the imposition of sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing customers or fail to gain new customers. 
 
 The SEC, FINRA, and state regulators have the authority to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against broker-dealers, whether arising out of examinations or otherwise, for violations of state and federal securities laws. Administrative sanctions can include cease-and-desist orders, censure, fines, and disgorgement and may even result in the suspension or expulsion of the firm from the securities industry. Similar sanctions may be imposed upon officers, directors, representatives, and employees. 
 
 Cash App Investing has adopted, and regularly reviews and updates, various policies, controls, and procedures designed for compliance with Cash App Investing s regulatory obligations. However, appropriately addressing Cash App Investing s regulatory obligations is complex and difficult, and our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to appropriately address them. Failure to adhere to these policies and procedures may also result in regulatory sanctions or litigation against us. Cash App Investing also relies on various third parties, including DriveWealth, to provide services, including managing and executing customer orders, and failure of these third parties to adequately perform these services may negatively impact customer experience, product performance, and our reputation and may also result in regulatory sanctions or litigation against us or Cash App Investing. 
 
 In the event of any regulatory action or scrutiny, we or Cash App Investing could also be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs. In addition, any perceived or actual breach of compliance by Cash App Investing with respect to applicable laws, rules, and regulations could have a significant impact on our reputation, could cause us to lose existing customers, prevent us from obtaining new customers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by breaches and to avert further breaches, and expose us to legal risk, including litigation against us, and potential liability. 
 
 88 

Cash App Investing is subject to net capital and other regulatory capital requirements; failure to comply with these rules could harm our business. 
 
 Our subsidiary Cash App Investing is subject to the net capital requirements of the SEC and FINRA. These requirements typically specify the minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also mandate that a significant part of its assets be kept in relatively liquid form. Failure to maintain the required net capital may subject a firm to limitation of its activities, including suspension or revocation of its registration by the SEC and suspension or expulsion by FINRA, and ultimately may require its liquidation. Currently, Cash App Investing has relatively low net capital requirements, because it does not hold customer funds or securities, but instead introduces customers and directs transactions to DriveWealth. However, a change in the net capital rules, a change in how Cash App Investing handles or holds customer assets, or the imposition of new rules affecting the scope, coverage, calculation, or amount of net capital requirements could have adverse effects. Finally, because Cash App Investing is subject to such net capital requirements, we may be required to provide additional capital into Cash App Investing from time to time and as such, we may have liability and/or our larger business may be affected by any of these outcomes. 
 
 It is possible that FINRA will require changes to our business practices based on our ownership of Cash App Investing, which could impose additional costs or disrupt our business. 
 
 In certain cases, FINRA has required unregistered affiliates of broker-dealers to comply with additional regulatory requirements, including, among others, handling all securities or other financial transactions through the affiliated broker-dealer or conforming all marketing and advertising materials to the requirements applicable to broker-dealers. We do not currently believe that these types of requirements apply to any aspect of our business other than the securities transactions facilitated through the Cash App. It is possible that, in the future, FINRA could require us to comply with additional regulations in the conduct of other activities (i.e., beyond the securities transactions made through the Cash App). If that were to occur, it could require significant changes to our business practices. These and other changes would impose significantly greater costs on us and disrupt existing practices in ways that could negatively affect our overarching business and profitability. 
 
 Our subsidiary Square Financial Services is a Utah state-chartered industrial loan company, which requires that we serve as a source of financial strength to it and subjects us to potential regulatory sanctions. 
 
 On March 1, 2021, Square Financial Services received its deposit insurance from the FDIC and charter approval from the Utah Department of Financial Institutions and became operational. The FDIA requires that we serve as a source of financial strength to Square Financial Services. This means that we are required by law to provide financial assistance to Square Financial Services in the event that it experiences financial distress. In this regard, the FDIC s approval requires that Square Financial Services have initial paid-in capital of not less than approximately 56 million, and at all times meet or exceed the regulatory capital levels required for Square Financial Services to be considered well capitalized under the FDIC s prompt corrective action rules. The regulatory total capital and leverage ratios of Square Financial Services during the first three years of operation may not be less than the levels provided in Square Financial Services business plan approved by the FDIC. Thereafter, the regulatory capital ratios must be annually approved by the FDIC, and in no event may Square Financial Services leverage ratio be less than twenty percent, as calculated in accordance with FDIC regulations. If Square Financial Services' total capital or leverage ratios fall below the levels required by the FDIC, we will need to provide sufficient capital to Square Financial Services so as to enable it to maintain its required regulatory capital ratios. If the FDIC were to increase Square Financial Services capital requirements, it could negatively impact our business and operations and those of Square Financial Services. 
 
 89 

The FDIC s approval is also contingent on us maintaining a Capital and Liquidity Maintenance Agreement as well as a Parent Company Agreement. The Capital and Liquidity Maintenance Agreement requires, among other things, that we maintain the leverage ratio of Square Financial Services at a minimum of 20 percent following the first three years of Square Financial Services operations; maintain a third-party line of credit for the benefit of Square Financial Services acceptable to the FDIC; purchase any loan from Square Financial Services at the greater of the cost basis or fair market value, if deemed necessary by the FDIC or Square Financial Services; and establish and maintain a reserve deposit of 50 million at an unaffiliated third-party bank that Square Financial Services could draw upon in the event that we fail to provide sufficient funds to maintain Square Financial Services capital ratios at the required levels. The Parent Company Agreement requires, among other things, that we consent to the FDIC s examination of us and our subsidiaries; limit our representation on Square Financial Services board of directors to no more than 25 percent; submit a contingency plan to the FDIC that describes likely scenarios of significant financial or operational stress and, if we were unable to serve as a source of financial strength, options for the orderly wind down or sale of Square Financial Services; and engage a third party to review and provide periodic reports concerning the effectiveness of our complaint response system. Jack Dorsey, who is considered our controlling shareholder in this context, also agreed to cause us to perform under these agreements. Should we fail to comply with these obligations, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions. In addition, any failure by Square Financial Services to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations could also subject us and Square Financial Services to regulatory sanctions. These sanctions could adversely impact our reputation and our business, require us to expend significant funds for remediation, and expose us to litigation and other potential liability. 
 
 Square Financial Services is subject to extensive supervision and regulation, including the Dodd-Frank Act and its related regulations, which are subject to change and could involve material costs or affect operations. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 effected significant changes to U.S. financial regulations and required rule making by U.S. financial regulators including adding a new Section 13 to the Bank Holding Company Act known as the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule generally restricts certain banking entities (such as Square Financial Services) from engaging in proprietary trading activities and from having an ownership interest in or sponsoring any private equity funds or hedge funds (or certain other private issuing entities). The current activities of Square Financial Services have not been and are not expected to be materially affected by the Volcker Rule. Nevertheless, we cannot predict whether, or in what form, any other proposed regulations or statutes or changes to implementing regulations will be adopted or the extent to which the business operations of Square Financial Services may be affected by any new regulation or statute. Such changes could subject our business to additional compliance burden, costs, and possibly limit the types of financial services and products we may offer. 
 
 Square Financial Services is also subject to the requirements in Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve Board s implementing Regulation W, which regulate loans, extensions of credit, purchases of assets, and certain other transactions between an insured depository institution (such as Square Financial Services) and its affiliates. The statute and regulation require Square Financial Services to impose certain quantitative limits, collateral requirements, and other restrictions on covered transactions between Square Financial Services and its affiliates and requires all transactions be on market terms and conditions consistent with safe and sound banking practices. 
 
 90 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand. 
 
 Our trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights are critical to our success. We rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a combination of confidentiality, invention assignment, and license agreements with our employees, consultants, and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, trade dress, domain name, copyright, trade secret, and patent rights, to protect our brand and other intellectual property rights. However, various events outside of our control may pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products and services. Effective protection of intellectual property rights is expensive and difficult to maintain, both in terms of application and maintenance costs, as well as the costs of defending and enforcing those rights. The efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient or effective. Our intellectual property rights may be infringed, misappropriated, or challenged, which could result in them being narrowed in scope or declared invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, our reliance on unpatented proprietary information and technology, such as trade secrets and confidential information, depends in part on agreements we have in place with employees and third parties that place restrictions on the use and disclosure of this intellectual property. These agreements may be insufficient or may be breached, or we may not enter into sufficient agreements with such individuals in the first instance, in either case potentially resulting in the unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets and other intellectual property, including to our competitors, which could cause us to lose any competitive advantage resulting from this intellectual property. Individuals not subject to invention assignment agreements may make adverse ownership claims to our current and future intellectual property. There can be no assurance that our intellectual property rights will be sufficient to protect against others offering products or services that are substantially similar to ours and that compete with our business. 
 
 We routinely apply for patents in the U.S. and internationally to protect innovative ideas in our technology, but we may not always be successful in obtaining patent grants from these applications. We also pursue registration of copyrights, trademarks, and domain names in the United States and in certain jurisdictions outside of the United States, but doing so may not always be successful or cost-effective. In general, we may be unable or, in some instances, choose not to obtain legal protection for our intellectual property, and our existing and future intellectual property rights may not provide us with competitive advantages or distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and effective intellectual property protection and mechanisms may not be available in those jurisdictions. We may need to expend additional resources to defend our intellectual property in these countries, and the inability to do so could impair our business or adversely affect our international expansion. Our intellectual property rights may be contested, circumvented, or found unenforceable or invalid, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing, diluting, or otherwise violating them. Additionally, our intellectual property rights and other confidential business information are subject to risks of compromise or unauthorized disclosure if our security measures or those of our third-party service providers are unable to prevent cyber-attacks. Unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property rights may also occur if third parties were to breach the licensing terms under which certain of our innovations are offered broadly, including under open source licenses. Furthermore, the growing use of generative AI presents an increased risk of unintentional and/or unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property rights. Significant impairments of our intellectual property rights, and limitations on our ability to assert our intellectual property rights against others, could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We regularly contribute software source code under open source and other permissive licenses and have made other technology we developed available under such licenses, and we include open source software in our products. Additionally, our AI services may be trained on data sets that may include open source software and the outputs of our AI services may be subject to open source license restrictions or obligations. As a result of our open source contributions and the use of open source software in our products, we may license or be required to license or disclose code and/or innovations that turn out to be material to our business and may also be exposed to increased litigation risk. If the protection of our proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our products, services, and methods of operations. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 91 

Assertions by third parties of infringement or other violation by us of their intellectual property rights could harm our business. 
 
 Third parties have asserted, and may in the future assert, that we have infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated their copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights. Although we expend significant resources to seek to comply with the statutory, regulatory, and judicial frameworks and the terms and conditions of statutory licenses, we cannot assure you that we are not infringing or violating any third-party intellectual property rights, or that we will not do so in the future, particularly as new technologies such as generative AI impact the industries in which we operate. It is difficult to predict whether assertions of third-party intellectual property rights or any infringement or misappropriation claims arising from such assertions will substantially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we are forced to defend against any infringement or misappropriation claims, whether they are with or without merit, are settled out of court, or are determined in our favor, we may be required to expend significant time and financial resources on the defense of such claims. Legal and regulatory changes in this area may also present uncertainty and risk. For instance, the Unified Patent Court in the European Union creates an opportunity to efficiently resolve such claims in a specialized forum, while also introducing limited operational uncertainty as the court s procedures and processes scale. Regardless of the forum, an adverse outcome of a dispute may require us to pay significant damages, which may be even greater if we are found to have willfully infringed upon a party s intellectual property; cease exploiting copyrighted content that we have previously had the ability to exploit; cease using solutions that are alleged to infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property of others; expend additional development resources to redesign our solutions; enter into potentially unfavorable royalty or license agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies, content, or materials; indemnify our partners and other third parties; and/or take other actions that may have material and adverse effects on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 In some instances, third-party assertions of intellectual property rights have led, and may continue to lead, to litigation. In such instances, we are accused of having, or may be found to have, infringed or violated third-party copyrights, patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. If we are forced to defend against any infringement or misappropriation claims, whether they are with or without merit, are settled out of court, or are determined in our favor, we may be required to expend significant time and financial resources on the defense of such claims. If any IP litigation to which we are a party is resolved adversely, we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that we may not choose to appeal or that may not be reversed upon appeal. We have also, from time to time, needed to obtain a license to continue existing practices as a result of changes in law or for which we are found to be in violation of a third-party s rights. If we are required, or choose to enter into, royalty or licensing arrangements, such arrangements may not be available on reasonable terms or at all and may significantly increase our operating costs and expenses. As a result, we may also be required to develop or procure alternative non-infringing technology or discontinue use of technology, and doing so could require significant effort and expense or may not be feasible. In addition, the terms of any settlement or judgment in connection with any legal claims, lawsuits, or proceedings may require us to cease some or all of our operations or to pay substantial amounts to the other party and could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 92 

Increased scrutiny from investors, regulators, and other stakeholders relating to environmental, social, and governance issues could result in additional costs for us and may adversely impact our reputation. 
 
 Investors, regulators, customers, employees and other stakeholders continue to focus on environmental, social, and governance ESG matters. Our ESG strategy is focused on four key areas: our customers and communities, global climate action, our people, and corporate governance. We publicly report on certain commitments, initiatives, and goals regarding ESG matters in our annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report, on our website, in our SEC filings, and elsewhere. For example, we are committed to building a diverse workforce and one of our climate goals is to achieve net zero carbon for operations by 2030. The implementation of our ESG commitments, initiatives, and goals may require additional investments, and in certain cases, are reliant on third-party verification and/or performance, and we cannot guarantee that we will make progress on our commitments and initiatives or achieve our goals. If we fail, or are perceived to fail, to make such progress or achievements, or to maintain ESG practices that meet evolving stakeholder expectations, or if we revise any of our ESG commitments, initiatives, or goals, our reputation and our ability to attract and retain employees could be harmed, and we may be negatively perceived by investors or our customers. To the extent that our required or voluntary disclosures about ESG matters increase, we could also be criticized or face claims regarding the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of such disclosures and our reputation could be negatively impacted, or we could face claims regarding our policies and programs. In addition, regulatory requirements with respect to carbon emissions disclosures and other aspects of ESG may result in increased compliance requirements on our business and supply chain, and may increase our operating costs. For example, in October 2023, the California Governor signed into law the Climate-Related Financial Risk Act and the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act, which significantly expand climate-related disclosure requirements for companies doing business in California, and the SEC recently adopted rules that will require registrants to provide climate-related information in their registration statements and annual reports, such as disclosure of material climate-related risks, Board of Directors oversight and risk management activities, material greenhouse gas emissions, and material climate-related targets and goals. The SEC rules will also require entities to quantify certain effects of severe weather events and other natural conditions in the audited financial statements. While the SEC's rules have been stayed pending judicial review, to the extent they become effective, we expect to expend significant time and resources to comply with the requirements. In addition, a number of jurisdictions outside the United States have adopted ESG rules that apply to us and we will incur costs and expend resources to comply with such applicable ESG rules. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control within our stockholders who held our stock prior to our initial public offering, including many of our employees and directors and their affiliates; this will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters. 
 
 Our Class B common stock has ten votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Stockholders who hold shares of Class B common stock, including certain of our executive officers, employees, and directors and their affiliates, held approximately 52 of the voting power of our combined outstanding capital stock as of September 30, 2024. Because of the ten-to-one voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock, the holders of our Class B common stock collectively hold more than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock, and therefore such holders are able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. When the shares of our Class B common stock represent less than 5 of the combined voting power of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock. 
 
 Transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions. Such conversions of Class B common stock to Class A common stock upon transfer will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long-term. If, for example, our Class B stockholders retain shares of Class B common stock constituting as little as 10 of all outstanding shares of our Class A and Class B common stock combined, they will continue to control a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock. 
 
 93 

The market price of our Class A common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 The market price of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our Class A common stock include the following: 
 
 general economic, regulatory, and market conditions, in particular conditions that adversely affect our sellers business and the amount of transactions they are processing; 
 
 public health crises and related measures to protect the public health; 
 
 sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 
 issuance of shares of our Class A common stock, whether in connection with an acquisition or upon conversion of some or all of our outstanding Convertible Notes; 
 
 short selling of our Class A common stock or related derivative securities; 
 
 from time to time we make investments in equity that is, or may become, publicly held, and we may experience volatility due to changes in the market prices of such equity investments; 
 
 fluctuations in the price of bitcoin; 
 
 reports by securities or industry analysts, media or other third parties, that are interpreted either negatively or positively by investors, failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage and/or to provide accurate consensus results of us, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow us, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 
 the financial or other projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections, or our failure to meet those projections; 
 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services; 
 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 
 actual or perceived security incidents that we or our service providers may suffer; and 
 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors businesses, or the competitive landscape generally. 
 
 In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 
 Our Class A common stock is listed to trade on more than one stock exchange, and this may result in price variations. 
 
 Our Class A common stock is listed for trade on the NYSE and as CDIs on the ASX. Dual-listing may result in price variations between the exchanges due to a number of factors. Our Class A common stock is traded in U.S. dollars on the NYSE and our CDIs are traded in Australian Dollars on the ASX. The two exchanges also have differing vacation schedules. Differences in the trading schedules, as well as volatility in the exchange rate of the two currencies, among other factors, may result in different trading prices for our Class A common stock on the two exchanges. 
 
 94 

The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of our Class A common stock. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of each series of our Convertible Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with the option counterparties. We also entered into warrant transactions with the option counterparties pursuant to which we sold warrants for the purchase of our Class A common stock. The convertible note hedge transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our Class A common stock upon any conversion of the Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Convertible Notes, as the case may be. The warrant transactions would separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market price per share of our Class A common stock exceeds the strike price of any warrants unless, subject to the terms of the warrant transactions, we elect to cash settle the warrants. 
 
 From time to time, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivative transactions with respect to our Class A common stock and/or purchasing or selling our Class A common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the Convertible Notes. This activity could cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, and provisions of Delaware law could impair a takeover attempt. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation certificate of incorporation ), our amended and restated bylaws bylaws ), and Delaware law contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors and therefore depress the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Among other things, our dual-class common stock structure provides our holders of Class B common stock with the ability to significantly influence the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding shares of common stock. Further, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions (i) creating a classified board of directors whose members serve staggered three-year terms; (ii) authorizing blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend, and other rights superior to our common stock; (iii) limiting the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings; (iv) eliminating the ability of our stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting or to remove directors without cause; and (v) requiring advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors. These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. 
 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prevents certain stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding capital stock from engaging in certain business combinations without the approval of our board of directors or the holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding capital stock not held by such stockholder. 
 
 Any provision of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our capital stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 
 95 

Our bylaws provide that (1) the Delaware Court of Chancery or another state court or federal court located within the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders and (2) the federal district courts of the U.S. will be the exclusive forum for all causes of action arising under the Securities Act, which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have jurisdiction, another state court in Delaware or federal district court for the District of Delaware) is the exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or to our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases subject to the court having jurisdiction over the claims at issue and the indispensable parties. The choice of forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act. 
 
 Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing bylaw provisions. Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims against us and our current and former directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions. Further, in the event a court finds either exclusive forum provision contained in our bylaws to be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our results of operations. 
 96 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 In October 2023, the Company's board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1 billion of the Company s Class A common stock. On July 25, 2024, the board of directors of the Company authorized an increase to the Company's share repurchase program to repurchase up to an additional 3 billion of the Company s Class A common stock. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of its Class A common stock and may be suspended at any time at the Company s discretion. The timing and number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the stock price, business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. 
 
 The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 
 Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average price paid per share (i) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 
 Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 
 3,058 65.45 3,058 1,437 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 
 1,188 63.14 1,188 2,926,430 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 
 1,082 65.02 1,082 2,856,009 Total 
 5,328 5,328 
 (i) Average price paid per share for open market purchases includes broker commissions. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 No officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), or directors and/or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408, during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 97 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The documents listed in the Exhibit Index of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101) 
 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Block, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 
 98 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 BLOCK, INC. 
 Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Jack Dorsey Jack Dorsey Block Head and Chairperson (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Amrita Ahuja Amrita Ahuja Chief Financial Officer Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 99 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q324.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jack Dorsey, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Block, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 By s Jack Dorsey 
 Jack Dorsey 
 Block Head and Chairperson 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q324.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Amrita Ahuja, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Block, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 By s Amrita Ahuja 
 Amrita Ahuja 
 Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q324.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jack Dorsey, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Block, Inc. for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Block, Inc. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 By s Jack Dorsey 
 Jack Dorsey Block Head and Chairperson (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 I, Amrita Ahuja, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Block, Inc. for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Block, Inc. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 By s Amrita Ahuja 
 Amrita Ahuja 
 Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 sq-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 sq-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 sq-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 sq-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 sq-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

