<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1471727_0001493152-24-045248.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5687360</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116783</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1049902</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1541453</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1306278</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1550678</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-045248.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113205144
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-045248
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Better Choice Co Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001471727
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				834284557
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40477
		FILM NUMBER:		241456521

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12400 RACE TRACK ROAD
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33626
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813-792-4352

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12400 RACE TRACK ROAD
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33626

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sport Endurance, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090904

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-045248.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

QUARTERLY
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

Or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number: 

Better
Choice Company Inc. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

,

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s
 Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on which Registered 

American 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files.) No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by a check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by a check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date was: 
shares of par value common stock outstanding as of November 13, 2024 . 

Better
Choice Company Inc. 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Part I 

1. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 5 
 
 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 20 
 
 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 28 
 
 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 28 

Part II 

1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 30 
 
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 30 
 
 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 30 
 
 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 30 
 
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 30 
 
 5. 
 Other Information 
 
 30 
 
 6. 
 Exhibits 

31 

Signatures 
 
 32 

2 

 Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical
fact included in this report are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements discuss our current expectations and projections
relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking
statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as aim, 
 anticipate, believe, can, could, estimate, expect, 
 forecast, intend, likely, may, outlook, plan, potential, 
 project, projection, seek, should, will, would, the
negatives thereof and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating
or financial performance or other events. They appear in a number of places throughout this report and include statements regarding our
intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity,
prospects, growth, strategies and the industry in which we operate. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected, including, but not limited to, those summarized below: 

our
 ability to continue as a going concern; 

the
 impact of damage to or interruption of our information technology systems due to cyber-attacks
 or other circumstances beyond our control; 

business
 interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism; 

our
 ability to successfully implement our growth strategy; 

failure
 to achieve growth or manage anticipated growth; 

our
 ability to achieve or maintain profitability; 

the
 loss of key members of our senior management team; 

our
 ability to generate sufficient cash flow or raise capital on acceptable terms to run our
 operations, service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures; 

our
 dependence on our subsidiaries for payments, advances and transfers of funds due to our holding
 company status; 

our
 ability to successfully develop additional products and services or successfully market and
 commercialize such products and services; 

competition
 in our market; 

our
 ability to attract new and retain existing customers, suppliers, distributors or retail partners; 

allegations
 that our products cause injury or illness or fail to comply with government regulations; 

our
 ability to manage our supply chain effectively; 

our
 or our co-manufacturers and suppliers ability to comply with legal and regulatory
 requirements; 

3 

 Table of Contents 

the
 effect of potential price increases and shortages on the inputs, commodities and ingredients
 that we require, whether as a result of the continued actual or perceived effects of broader
 geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions, including the military conflict between Russia
 and Ukraine; 

our
 ability to develop and maintain our brand and brand reputation; 

compliance
 with data privacy rules; 

inflationary pressures; 

our
 compliance with applicable regulations issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ),
 the U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC ), the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 USDA ), and other federal, state and local regulatory authorities, including
 those regarding marketing pet food, products and supplements; 

risk
 of our products being recalled for a variety of reasons, including product defects, packaging
 safety and inadequate or inaccurate labeling disclosure; 

risk
 of shifting customer demand in relation to raw pet foods, premium kibble and canned pet food
 products, and failure to respond to such changes in customer taste quickly and effectively;
 and 

the
 other risks identified in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, Part I, Item
 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations, and Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors as such factors may updated
 from time to time in our other public filings. 

NOTE
REGARDING TRADEMARKS 

We
own or have rights to use the trademarks and trade names that we use in conjunction with the operation of our business. Each trademark
or trade name of any other company appearing in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is, to our knowledge, owned by such other company.
Solely for convenience, our trademarks and trade names referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may appear without the 
or symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under
applicable law, our rights or the right of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Better
Choice Company Inc. 

 Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 (Dollars
in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Net sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income (expense), net 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Gain on extinguishment of debt and accounts payable 

Total other income, net 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding, diluted 

Net income (loss) per share, basic 

Net income (loss) per share, diluted 

See
accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Better
Choice Company Inc. 

 Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (Dollars
in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

September
30, 2024 
 December
31, 2023 
 
 Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Note receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Right-of-use assets, operating leases 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other liabilities 

Credit facility, net 

Term loan, net 

Operating lease liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-current Liabilities 

Operating lease liability 

Total Non-current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Better
Choice Company Inc. 

 Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 (Dollars
in thousands, except shares) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 

Share-based compensation 

Share issuance 

Equity issued in business combinations 

Shares issued in lieu of fractional shares 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Share-based compensation 

Share issuance 

Net income 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Share-based compensation 

Share and warrant issuance, net of offering costs of million 

Warrant exercises 

Share repurchases 

Net income 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Balance 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

Net income (loss) 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Better
Choice Company Inc. 

 Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Dollars
in thousands) 

2024 
 2023 

Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flow from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Share-based compensation 

Change in fair value of warrants liabilities 

Gain on extinguishment of debt and accounts payable 

PIK interest expense on term loan 

Accreted interest expense on term loan 

Other 

Bad debt expense 

Income tax provision 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other liabilities 

Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flow from Investing Activities: 

Capital expenditures 

Issuance of note receivable 

Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flow from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from revolving line of credit 

Payments on revolving line of credit 

Proceeds from Alphia Facility 

Payment of loan issuance costs 

Proceeds from warrant liabilities 

Proceeds from equity offering 

Proceeds from Wintrust Facility 

Payments on Wintrust Facility 

Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Total cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Total cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental schedule of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest during the period 

Disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Term loan forgiveness, refer to Note 8 - Debt 

Forgiveness of PIK interest on term loan, refer to Note 8 - Debt 

Write off of debt issuance costs 

See
accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Notes
to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

, effective March 20, 2024 (the Reverse Stock Split ). In addition, the exercise prices
of the Company s underlying common stock purchase warrants and stock options were proportionately adjusted at the applicable reverse
stock split ratio in accordance with the terms of such instruments. Proportionate voting rights and other rights of common stockholders
were not affected by the Reverse Stock Split, other than as a result of the rounding up of fractional shares. In connection with the
Reverse Stock Split, shares of common stock were issued in lieu of fractional shares. 

Accordingly,
all share and per share amounts related to the Company s common stock for all periods presented in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto have been retroactively adjusted, where applicable, to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. The number
of authorized shares and the par values of the common stock and convertible preferred stock were not adjusted as a result of the Reverse
Stock Split. 

shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock at a public offering price of 
per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants and together with
the Shares, the Securities at a public offering price of per Pre-Funded Warrant, for aggregate gross proceeds of
approximately million prior to deducting approximately million of underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses.
In addition, the Company granted the Underwriter a 45-day option to purchase an additional shares of Common Stock, at the public
offering price per share, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, to cover over-allotments (the Over-allotment Option ).
The Company also issued representative warrants to purchase shares of common stock (equal to of the total number of shares
sold in the public offering). The representative warrants will be exercisable at per share, a per share exercise price equal to
 of the public offering price per share of common stock sold in the offering. The Company has determined these warrants are equity
classified in accordance with Topic 480. Refer to Note 12 - Warrants for more information. The Securities were offered and sold to the
public pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280714), filed by the Company with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2024, as amended, which became effective on July 29, 2024. The sale of the Securities in connection
with the Offering closed on July 31, 2024. 

On
August 2, 2024, pursuant to and in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Underwriting Agreement and the Offering, the Underwriters
provided notice that they would exercise the Over-allotment Option to purchase shares of Common Stock at per share. The
sale of shares of Common Stock in connection with the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option closed on August 2, 2024. The Company
has received gross proceeds of approximately million for the Offering to date, including in connection with the exercise of the
Over-Allotment Option, prior to deducting million of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the
Company. 

million of the currently outstanding shares of the Company s common stock through December 31, 2024. Repurchased
shares are immediately retired and returned to unissued status. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, shares were repurchased. 

million and 
million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Advertising costs were 
million and 
million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

million. 

Revenue
channels 

The
Company groups its revenue channels into categories: Digital, which includes the sale of product to online retailers such as Amazon
and Chewy, as well as DTC sales, which included the sale of product through the Company s website through June 1, 2024; Brick 
Mortar, which primarily includes the sale of product to Pet Specialty retailers, independent pet stores, and regional distributors; and
International, which includes the sale of product to foreign distribution partners and to select international retailers (transacted
in U.S. dollars). 

International (2) 

Brick Mortar (3) 

Net Sales 

(1) of the Company s total net sales for the three and nine months ended September
 30, 2024 and 2023, and represented million and million of net sales for the three
 and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million and million of net sales
 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Additionally, DTC
 sales within the Digital channel amounted to greater than of the Company s total
 net sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. DTC sales within the Digital
 channel were approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended
 September 30, 2023, respectively. As of June 1, 2024, the Company has exited its DTC channel
 in an effort to improve profitability. The Company historically reported the sales in this
 channel as E-commerce and DTC separately and has been consolidated into one revenue stream
 as of September 30, 2024. 

(2) of the Company s
 total net sales during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
 and represented million and million of net sales for the three and nine months
 ended September 30, 2024, and million and million of net sales for the three and
 nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

(3) of net sales
 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. For the three
 and nine months ended September 30, 2023, Petco was included within the Brick Mortar
 channel. Beginning in Q1 2024, Petco is presented within Digital as a result of the strategic
 exit out of Petco stores, while remaining on Petco.com. 

Inventory packaging and supplies 

Inventories 

million with an interest rate of 
per annum. As the Holder of this Convertible Note, the Company can convert the total amount owed, including unpaid interest and
fees, into shares of SRx stock. The Company can elect to convert the principal of the Convertible Note plus accrued and unpaid
interest into shares of the Company s common stock upon an Event of Default, given the Event of Default is not cured within
the applicable cure period. The Convertible Note matures two days after the Business Combination between SRx and the Company is
consummated or upon termination of the business combination. The issuance price reflects the perceived value of both the note
receivable component and the embedded conversion option, which is initially determined based on market expectations. As there have
not been drastic changes in market conditions or the Borrower s financial standing, the transaction price at issuance
approximates the fair value of the note receivable on September 30, 2024. Accrued interest on the Convertible Note was less than
 
million and is recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets on September 30, 2024. 

The
Convertible Note has been classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. The Company classifies its marketable debt securities as
either short-term or long-term based on each instrument s underlying maturity date. Unrealized gains and losses on marketable debt
securities classified as available-for-sale are recognized in other comprehensive income/(loss) OCI ). 

In
conjunction with the Convertible Note, the Company entered into a Services Agreement whereby the Company is to provide financial planning,
reporting and analysis services, utilizing the Company s in-house financial organization. In exchange for such services, the Company
shall receive million per month, payable on the last day of the month in which services are provided, commencing on September 30,
2024. Income related to the Services Agreement was million at September 30, 2024 and is accrued for within prepaid expenses and other
current assets on the consolidated balance sheets, and as other income in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company does not have a variable nor controlling financial interest in SRx as it does not have the power to direct
significant activities of SRx that most significantly impact SRx s economic performance. Additionally, the Company does not have
an obligation to absorb the losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, SRx that could potentially be significant to SRx. Therefore,
SRx is not consolidated as of September 30, 2024. 

On
September 20, 2024, the Company entered into a revolving credit facility Promissory Note with SRx whereby SRx may borrow,
repay, and reborrow in accordance with the terms set out in the Promissory Loan Agreement, not to exceed (USD) at any time outstanding
with an interest rate of per annum. The Borrower shall make payments of principal in accordance with the Repayment Schedule set forth
in the agreement. Interest under the Promissory Note shall be due and payable in monthly installments until the Promissory Note matures
on March 20, 2025. 

There
was no outstanding principal as of September 30, 2024 and accrued interest of less than million is included within prepaid expenses
and other current assets as of September 30, 2024. 

Other prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

- years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 

Computer software, including website development 
 - years 

Computer equipment 
 - years 

Total fixed assets 

Accumulated depreciation 

Fixed assets, net 

Depreciation
expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Depreciation expense
was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

Accrued payroll and benefits 

Accrued trade promotions and advertising 

Accrued interest 

Accrued commissions 

Deferred revenue 

Short-term financing 

Other 

Total accrued and other liabilities 

(1) 
 N/A 
 
 Line of credit, net 
 
 (2) 

(2) 

Less current portion 

Total long-term debt 

(1) per annum. 

(2) basis points with an interest rate
 floor of per annum. 

Wintrust
Receivables Credit Facility 

On
June 21, 2023, the Company entered into an account purchase agreement with Wintrust Receivables Finance (the AP Agreement ),
a division of Wintrust Bank N.A. Wintrust pursuant to which Wintrust will purchase, at its discretion, eligible customer
invoices and advance up to of the face amount of all purchased invoices, the maximum outstanding balance can be million. Each
advance under the AP Agreement will bear a variable interest rate at the prime rate plus percentage per annum. The interest rate
at September 30, 2024 was per annum. The AP Agreement has an initial term of two years and will automatically renew annually unless
terminated by the Company on at least notice. The Wintrust Receivables Credit Facility is guaranteed and secured by a
general security interest in the assets of the Company. The Company continues to service the receivables, the transfers are at full recourse
and the eligible customer invoices are not legally isolated from the Company. As such, the Wintrust Receivables Credit Facility was accounted
for as a secured borrowing under ASC 860. 

The
Wintrust Receivables Credit Facility limits or restricts the ability of the Company to incur additional indebtedness; incur additional
liens; make dividends and other restricted payments; make investments; sell, assign, transfer or dispose of certain assets; make optional
prepayments of other indebtedness; engage in transactions with affiliates; and enter into restrictive agreements. The Wintrust Receivables
Credit Facility does not include any financial covenants and if an event of default occurs, Wintrust is entitled to accelerate the advances
made thereunder and exercise rights against the collateral. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with its restrictive
covenants. 

Borrowing
under the Wintrust Receivables Credit Facility are classified as current debt as a result of a required lockbox arrangement and a subjective
acceleration clause. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold receivables having an aggregate face
value of million and million, respectively, in exchange for cash proceeds of million and million, respectively.
As of September 30, 2024, the balance outstanding on the Wintrust Receivables Credit Facility amounted to million. 

Alphia
Term Loan Facility 

On
June 21, 2023, the Company entered into a term loan credit agreement (the Term Loan Agreement with Alphia Inc. Alphia ),
a custom manufacturer of super-premium pet food in the U.S. Pursuant to the Term Loan Agreement, Alphia made a term loan to the Company
in the original principal amount of million (the Term Loan ). In conjunction with the Term Loan Agreement, the Company
issued warrants to Alphia (see Note 12 Warrants for further discussion). The proceeds of the Term Loan, together with a portion
of the Company s cash on hand, were used to retire all of the outstanding obligations of Halo, Purely for Pets, Inc. Halo ),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, under Halo s long-term credit facility with Old Plank Trail Community Bank, N.A., an
affiliate of Wintrust Bank, N.A described above. 

On
March 25, 2024, the Company initiated a legal action to enforce a right of first refusal option exercised by Alphia pursuant to the terms
of a written agreement between Alphia and the Company whereby Alphia was to acquire the assets of Halo. On June 20, 2024, the Company
agreed to settlement terms of the lawsuit. The agreement dismisses the Company s ongoing litigation with Alphia and provides for
the forgiveness of the Company s term loan, including million in principal and million of payable-in-kind PIK accrued interest, the termination of warrants with a strike price of per share that were set to expire in 2028, and the
forgiveness of up to million in accounts payable due to Alphia, provided the remaining outstanding accounts payable balance is paid
within 90 days of the settlement date. The accounts payable were paid prior to September 30, 2024, resulting in a gain of million
during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The book value of the Alphia term loan and the unamortized debt issuance costs were
 million and million, respectively, on the date of forgiveness. 

As
a result of the settlement terms described above, the Company is not indebted to Alphia as it relates to the Term Loan Facility as of
September 30, 2024. 

million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 with common
shares issued as consideration, which have been adjusted herein to reflect the Reverse Stock Split effective March 20, 2024. In accordance
with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations Topic 805 ), total consideration was first allocated to the fair value of assets
acquired, including liabilities assumed, with the excess being recorded as goodwill. For financial statement purposes, goodwill is not
amortized but rather is evaluated for impairment at least annually or more frequently if an event or change in circumstances occurs that
indicates goodwill may be impaired. Goodwill is deductible for tax purposes and will be amortized over a period of years. 

The
recorded purchase price for the business combination includes an estimation of the fair value of equity interests, which is calculated
based on the value of the Company s common stock on the closing date. 

Under
ASC 805, a business combination involves the acquisition of a business, defined as an integrated set of activities and assets capable
of being conducted and managed for the purpose of providing a return to investors. The Company assessed whether the acquired entity constituted
a business by evaluating its assets, processes, and outputs and determined the acquired set to be a business based on the inputs and
substantive processes that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. 

Aimia
is a pre-revenue business and there were no operating results related to this business combination to include in the condensed consolidated
statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 since the acquisition date. 

Acquisition-related
costs incurred in connection with business combinations are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed
consolidated statements of operations. The Company incurred acquisition-related costs from this business combination of less than 
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

In
November 2023, Aimia entered into a memorandum of understanding MOU which establishes a research and development R D partnership with doctors and a lab which would facilitate the development of a GLP-1 supplement for pets. In
connection with the MOU, the Company issued 
shares to the R D partners and the Company incurred 
million of acquisition-related costs, which are recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated
statement of operations for the nine months ended June 30, 2024. 

Due
to the timing of the completion of the acquisition, the purchase price and related allocation are preliminary and could be revised as
a result of adjustments made to the purchase price, additional information obtained regarding assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
and revisions of provisional estimates of fair values, including, but not limited to appraisals and valuations. The purchase price allocation
will be finalized within the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date. 

Total consideration 

Subscription receipts receivable 

HST Receivable 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired 

AP and accruals 

Total liabilities acquired 

Net assets acquired 

The
factors contributing to the recognition of the amount of goodwill are based on expanding research and development to develop dog treats
that mirror the weight loss benefits of brands including Slentrol, Wegovy, Ozempic, and Mounjaro with added protein and nutrients from
the Company s Halo products to promote lean muscle and overall pet health. 

(1) 

other purchase obligations as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 

The
Company may be involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax, or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the
ordinary course of business resulting in loss contingencies. The Company accrues for loss contingencies when losses become probable and
are reasonably estimable. If the reasonable estimate of the loss is a range and no amount within the range is a better estimate, the
minimum amount of the range is recorded as a liability. Legal costs such as outside counsel fees and expenses are charged to expense
in the period incurred and are recorded in SG A expenses. The Company does not accrue for contingent losses that are considered to
be reasonably possible, but not probable; however, the Company discloses the range of such reasonably possible losses. Loss contingencies
considered remote are generally not disclosed. 

Litigation
is subject to numerous uncertainties and the outcome of individual claims and contingencies is not predictable. It is possible that some
legal matters for which reserves have or have not been established could result in an unfavorable outcome for the Company and any such
unfavorable outcome could be of a material nature or have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. After consulting with legal counsel, management is not aware of any claims or lawsuits that may
have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the Company. 

Issued 

Exercised 

Terminated 

Warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2024 

There
is intrinsic value of outstanding warrants as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

The
anti-dilution provisions which previously precluded equity treatment of the warrants, expired on December 21, 2023, and thus the warrants
were reclassified to additional paid in capital and presented in equity as of December 31, 2023. The settlement terms discussed in Note
8 - Debt provide for the termination of all Warrants, which resulted in a net zero impact on equity. As a result, there are no
Alphia warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 

In
connection with the Offering discussed in Note 1, the Company issued pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock
(the Pre-Funded Warrants and together with the Shares, the Securities at a public offering price of 
per Pre-Funded Warrant. The Pre-Funded Warrants do not expire until conversion and the warrant shares fully vest upon issuance. The aggregate
exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company
on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date of July 31, 2024. Consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise
price of per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to effect the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrant. The
Pre-Funded Warrants are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of the Warrant. The Pre-Funded Warrants do not entitle the
Holder to any voting rights, dividends, or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to exercise. In no event shall the Company
be required to net cash settle an exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrant. 

The
Company also issued representative warrants to purchase shares of common stock which are exercisable at per share. The representative
warrants expire on July 29, 2029 and have an exercise price of per share of Common Stock. The representative warrant shares fully
vest upon issuance. The representative warrants are non-transferable until the initial exercise date of January 25, 2025, unless transferred
to ThinkEquity LLC or an underwriter. After the exercise date, the warrants are fully transferable. The representative warrants do not
entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends, or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to exercise. 

On
August 2, 2024, pre-funded warrants were exercised. As of September 30, 2024, Pre-Funded and representative warrants
remain outstanding. 

million and million, respectively,
of share-based compensation expense. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized 
million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense. 

On
November 11, 2019, the Company received shareholder approval for the Amended and Restated 2019 Incentive Award Plan (the Amended
2019 Plan ). The Amended 2019 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards,
restricted stock units, other stock or cash-based awards or a dividend equivalent award. On July 16, 2021, the Company registered 
 shares of its common stock issuable under
the Amended 2019 Plan in a registration statement on Form S-8. The Amended 2019 Plan provides for an annual increase on the first day
of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2021 and ending on and including January 1, 2029, equal to the lesser of (A) 
of the shares of common stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis) on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (B)
such smaller number of shares of common stock as determined by the Board; provided, however, not more than 
 shares of common stock shall be authorized for
issuance. The number of shares eligible for issuance increased to 
 on January 1, 2022, increased to 
 on January 1, 2023, and increased to the maximum allowable of on January 1, 2024. 

Stock
options 

Granted 

Forfeited/Expired 

Options outstanding as of September 30, 2024 

Options exercisable as of September 30, 2024 

Options 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 
 
 Options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Granted 

Forfeited/Expired 

Options outstanding as of September 30, 2023 

Options exercisable as of September 30, 2023 

Options
granted under the Amended 2019 Plan vest over a period of one to . All vested options are exercisable and may be exercised
through the ten-year anniversary of the grant date (or such earlier date described in the applicable award agreement). 

On
June 26, 2024, the Company granted options to acquire common stock to certain of its directors, officers and employees, at a weighted-average
exercise price of per share. The stock options were granted with a one-year vesting period and the Company recognized less than
 million of share-based compensation expense in its consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized share-based compensation related to these options was million, which is expected
to be recognized over a weighted average period of . 

During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted stock options to new employees under the Amended 2019 Plan,
all of which were still outstanding at September 30, 2024. 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

In
January 2023, the Company granted shares of restricted common stock to members of its board of directors under the Amended 2019
Plan as compensation for annual board service. These restricted stock awards were immediately vested and, as such, the Company recorded
share-based compensation expense of million upon issuance. 

In
January 2023, the Company granted shares of restricted common stock to certain executives and employees under the Amended 2019
Plan as performance bonus compensation totaling million. These restricted stock awards were issued on the grant date with a one
year cliff vesting condition and the Company will recognize the expense over the vesting period. 

During
the first quarter of 2023, the Company granted shares of restricted common stock to a member of its board of directors for service
as interim CEO. These restricted stock awards were immediately vested and, as such, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense
of less than million upon issuance. 

During
the second quarter of 2023, the Company granted shares of restricted common stock to certain executives and employees under the Amended
2019 Plan as performance bonus compensation totaling less than million. These restricted stock awards were issued on the grant date
with a one year cliff vesting condition and the Company will recognize the expense over the vesting period. 

During
the third quarter of 2023, the Company granted shares of restricted common stock to two members of its board of directors. These
restricted stock awards were immediately vested and, as such, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense of less than 
million upon issuance. 

In
February 2024, the Company granted shares of restricted common stock to members of its Board of Directors as part of their equity
compensation pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2019 Incentive Award Plan. These restricted stock awards were immediately vested and,
as such, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense of million upon issuance. 

In
June 2024, the Company granted shares of restricted common stock to certain executives under the Amended 2019 Plan as performance
bonus compensation. These restricted stock awards were immediately vested and, as such, the Company recorded share-based compensation
expense of million upon issuance. 

million during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

million
and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded less than million and
 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million of these director fees were in accounts payable
on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. 

Marketing
Support Services 

On
March 7, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Believeco to provide marketing support services for an interim period. A previous
member of the Company s board of directors, whose resignation was effective April 1, 2024, is a partner at Believeco. Marketing
expenses related to Believeco for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was less than million, none of which is included within
Accounts Payable as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, Believeco is no longer considered a related party. During the period
ended September 30, 2023, marketing expense related to Believeco totaled million, of which less than million is included within
Accounts Payable as of September 30, 2023. 

million.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s effective tax rate was less than , respectively.
The Company s effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of primarily because the Company s net
operating losses NOLs included in deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty
of realizing the tax benefit of NOLs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 

of its inventory purchases from four vendors for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company
sourced approximately of its inventory purchases from three vendors for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million of inventory purchases from major suppliers were in accounts payable on
the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. 

Major
customers 

Accounts
receivable from three customers represented of accounts receivable as of September 30, 2024. Accounts receivable from two customers
represented of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2023. Three customers represented of gross sales for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024. Three customers represented of gross sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Credit
risk 

As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s cash and cash equivalents were deposited in accounts at several financial
institutions and may maintain some balances in excess of federally insured limits. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents
with high-quality, accredited financial institutions and, accordingly, such funds are subject to minimal credit risk. The Company has
not experienced any losses historically in these accounts and believes it is not exposed to significant credit risk in its cash and cash
equivalents. 

of stock equivalent warrants; of stock equivalent
employee stock options. 

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, potentially dilutive securities not included in the calculation of diluted net loss
per share, because to do so would be anti-dilutive, are as follows: of stock equivalent warrants; of warrant liabilities First Tranche Warrant and Second Tranche Warrant); of stock equivalent employee stock options and of stock
equivalent other options. 

Adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders 

Denominator: 

Basic WASO 

Diluted WASO 

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders, basic 

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders, diluted 

million from the Wintrust Receivables Credit Facility. 

In October 2024, pre-funded warrants were exercised. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion includes forward-looking statements about our business, financial condition and results of operations, including
discussions about management s expectations for our business. The financial condition, results of operations and cash flows discussed
in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are those of Better Choice Company
Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, collectively, the Company, Better Choice Company, we, 
 our, or us . These statements represent projections, beliefs and expectations based on current circumstances
and conditions and in light of recent events and trends, and you should not construe these statements either as assurances of performance
or as promises of a given course of action. Instead, various known and unknown factors are likely to cause our actual performance and
management s actions to vary, and the results of these variances may be both material and adverse. A description of material factors
known to us that may cause our results to vary or may cause management to deviate from its current plans and expectations, is set forth
under Risk Factors. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. The following discussion should
also be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements including the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this
filing. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management s
analysis only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking
statements which may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

Overview
and Outlook 

Better
Choice is a pet health and wellness company committed to leading the industry shift toward pet products and services that help dogs and
cats live healthier, happier and longer lives. Our mission is to become the most innovative premium pet food company in the world, and
we are motivated by our commitment to making products with integrity and treating pets and their parents with respect. We believe that
our broad portfolio of pet health and wellness products are well positioned to benefit from the trends of growing pet humanization and
an increased consumer focus on health and wellness, and have adopted a laser focused, channel specific approach to growth that is driven
by new product innovation. 

We
sell our premium and super-premium products (which we believe generally includes products with a retail price greater than 0.20 per
ounce) under the Halo brand umbrella, including Halo Holistic , Halo Elevate and the former TruDog brand, which was rebranded
and successfully integrated under the Halo brand umbrella during the third quarter of 2022. Our core products sold under the Halo brand
are made with high-quality, thoughtfully sourced ingredients for natural, science based nutrition. Each innovative recipe is formulated
with leading veterinary and nutrition experts to deliver optimal health. Our diverse and established customer base has enabled us to
penetrate multiple channels of trade, which we believe enables us to deliver on core consumer needs and serve pet parents wherever they
shop. We group these channels of trade into three distinct categories: Digital, which includes the sale of product to online retailers
such as Amazon and Chewy, as well as direct to consumer DTC which included the sale of product through the Company s
website, halopets.com, through June 1, 2024; International, which includes the sale of product to foreign distribution partners and to
select international retailers; and Brick Mortar, which primarily includes the sale of product to pet specialty retailers, independent
pet stores, and regional distributors. 

A concerted effort to drive brand awareness behind distinctive positioning and messaging is the cornerstone of our growth plan, supported by innovation. Halo s future growth is driven through an extensive brand positioning workstream executed over the last year. New consumer messaging will build awareness with pet parents, persuade them that Halo is the right choice for their pet, and move the consumer towards purchase. The creative campaign will be brought to life on Amazon and Chewy platforms as well as outside those platforms. By shifting media investment from bottom-of-funnel-driven DTC activities to full funnel activation across the Amazon and Chewy platforms, Halo will see improvements in both media effectiveness, efficiency, and reach. 

In addition to incremental consumer media activation, innovation plays a key role in Halo s growth plans , supported by our own research and development, and acquisitions. Our
established supply and distribution infrastructure allows us to bring new products to market in less than a year. Our outsourced
manufacturing model is flexible, scalable and encourages innovation allowing us to offer a breadth of assortment in dog and cat food
main meal as well as pet treat products under the Halo brand, serving a wide variety of consumer needs, dayparts, and occasions. 

The Halo
portfolio offers a variety of platforms through which to innovate. Halo Holistic is designed for the pet parent
seeking complete digestive health with prebiotics, probiotics and postbiotics. Additionally, it s one of the only brands made
with only whole animal proteins and no meat meals. Halo Elevate , features leading nutrient levels supporting the top five
pet parent health concerns including digestive health, heart and immunity support, healthy skin and coat, hip and joint support
and strength and energy. Halo Freeze Dried Raw recipes preserve the natural flavor and nutrition of raw food with 100 protein from natural
sources. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

The
Global Pet Food and Treat Market 

The
U.S. represents the largest and most developed market for pet food globally, with food and treats accounting for approximately 64 billion
of total spend in the pet care market in 2023. According to the American Pet Product Association APPA ), approximately
63 of all households in the U.S. own a pet, equating to a 180 million adult consumers living in a household with a pet. Pet spending
represents a significant portion of household spend on consumer products, as this translates to an average annual spend on pet products
of more than 738 in 2023, which represents a 7.4 increase over the previous year. 

According
to the APPA, consumer spending on pets grew at an approximately 5 compound annual growth rate CAGR in the decade leading
up to the COVID-19 pandemic, with a significant spike during the pandemic, fueled by steady annual increases in household pet ownership,
the continued premiumization of the category and the humanization of pets. Pet spending is forecasted to grow at a 15 CAGR between 2020
and 2024, with total pet spending to reach 251 billion by 2030. The surge in pet acquisition has led to an increase in the forecasted
growth of the pet care industry over the next ten years. Moreover, according to the APPA, the vegan dog food industry expanded at a CAGR
of 2.6 from 2018 to 2022, and it is anticipated that market growth for vegan dog food may continue from 2023 to 2033 at a CAGR of 7 .
Human diets with less or no animal meat have gained popularity throughout the preceding decade. 

From
a demographic perspective, younger pet owners are more likely to spend a higher percentage of their income on pets, treat their pet as
an important member of the family and to purchase products from pet specialty and online retailers rather than from grocery stores. Along
these lines, women are 3.2 times more interested in purchasing pet food than men, and are 2.4 times more likely to engage with search
ads than men. Taken holistically, these traits suggest a preference to purchase more premium and super-premium pet food and treats from
brands like Halo, with a tendency to purchase products in the channels where we compete. 

Globally,
Asia is the second largest market for pet products, with China representing the largest market opportunity for growth. Like the U.S.,
growth in the Asian pet care industry has been driven by dramatic increases in household pet ownership. The global plant-based pet food
market is set to expand its roots in the global market at a promising CAGR of 9.2 , while the market is anticipated to hold a revenue
of USD 57.43 billion in 2032. We believe that growth in Asia is fueled by increasing levels of economic financial status and demand
for premium, western manufactured products as a result of product quality concerns. This demand has been supported by a rapidly growing
middle class in China, where a McKinsey report estimated that in 2018 roughly 730 million people in urban areas fell into the income
categories of aspirants and affluents, with the Brookings group estimating that approximately 60 million
people are added to these income categories each year. We believe that this growth drove the increase in the number of dog-owning Chinese
households as measured by Euromonitor, which increased from 12 in 2015 to 20 in 2020, according to Euromonitor. According to Euromonitor,
the Chinese market for premium dry dog and cat food is anticipated to grow at a 20 CAGR and 28 CAGR, respectively, from 2015 through
2025, suggesting that the Chinese pet market has significant room for growth in the foreseeable future. We are focused on targeting Chinese
pet owners with the highest willingness to pay, which tend to be urban dwelling millennial and Gen-Z women. In 2021, 80 of our products
were purchased online, and approximately 50 of our end-consumers were born after 1990. 

Our
Growth Strategy 

Build the Halo Brand with sharpened positioning, improved storytelling, increased share-of-voice, and a defined innovation strategy
and platform-based approach to consumer qualified new products 

Capture Fair Share Online via increased and efficient investment, full funnel activation, enhanced
discoverability, and maximizing tent-pole events 

Omnichannel Expansion strategy development while maximizing current distribution relationships,
expanding independent distributor network, and introducing innovation across core product lines 

Win Globally with scalable go-to-market strategy and long-term partnerships to accelerate growth,
with disproportionate focus on asia-pacific while actively pursuing new latin american markets 

Create Fuel for Growth via continuous supply chain improvements, pursuing global formula harmonization
for cost savings and improving portfolio efficiency through more effective portfolio managements 

Maximize Operating Leverage to optimize overhead infrastructure for scale efficiency, driving greater
governance through financial visibility and KPI tracking with a ruthless focus on working capital 

Recent
Corporate Developments 

On
March 2, 2023, we announced that Robert Sauermann was resigning from his role as Chief Operating Officer COO ), effective
March 17, 2023. On March 21, 2023, we announced that Sharla Cook was resigning from her role as Chief Financial Officer CFO ),
effective April 3, 2023. Also on March 21, 2023, we announced that Carolina Martinez was appointed as Interim CFO, effective April 3,
2023. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

On
May 11, 2023, we announced that Lionel F. Conacher was resigning from his role as Interim CEO of the Company, effective May 22, 2023.
Mr. Conacher will still continue to serve on the Board as a Director. On May 11, 2023, we announced that Kent Cunningham was appointed
as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective May 22, 2023. 

On
August 2, 2023, we announced that Carolina Martinez was appointed as Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company,
effective August 7, 2023. On August 28, 2023, we announced that Donald Young, was resigning from his role as Chief Sales Officer of the
Company, effective September 8, 2023. 

In
December 2023, the Company made a strategic exit out of Petco stores (while remaining on Petco.com), and Pet Supplies Plus. As of June
1, 2024, the Company has exited its DTC channel, in an effort to improve profitability. On March 25, 2024, Better Choice Company, Inc. BTTR initiated a legal action to enforce a right of first refusal ROFR option exercised by Alphia, Inc. Alphia ), which is controlled by a Paris-based private equity firm, PAI Partners. On June 20, 2024, the Company agreed
to settlement terms of the lawsuit. The agreement dismisses the Company s ongoing litigation with Alphia and provides for the forgiveness
of the Company s term loan, including 5.0 million in principal and 0.5 million of payable-in-kind PIK accrued
interest, the termination of 335,640 warrants with a strike price of 11.44 per share that were set to expire in 2028, and the forgiveness
of up to 2.6 million in accounts payable due to Alphia, provided the remaining outstanding accounts payable balance is paid within 90
days of the settlement date. These accounts payable were paid and settled prior to September 30, 2024, resulting in a gain of 2.6 million. 

The
Company was not in compliance with certain covenants related to the Alphia Term Loan Facility as of December 31, 2023 and the debt was
callable by the lender. Refer to the Going concern considerations for additional information. 

On
April 15, 2024, the Company s board of directors authorized and approved a stock repurchase plan (the Repurchase Plan for up to 5 million of the currently outstanding shares of the Company s common stock through December 31, 2024. Under the Repurchase
Plan, the Company is authorized to repurchase shares through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block purchases
or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The Board also authorized
the Company to enter into written trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. Adopting a trading plan that satisfies the conditions
of Rule 10b5-1 would allow a company to repurchase its shares at times when it might otherwise be prevented from doing so due to self-imposed
trading blackout periods or pursuant to insider trading laws. Under any Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, the Company s third-party broker,
subject to Securities and Exchange Commission regulations regarding certain price, market, volume and timing constraints, would have
authority to purchase the Company s common stock in accordance with the terms of the plan. The Company may from time to time enter
into Rule 10b5-1 trading plans to facilitate the repurchase of its common stock pursuant to its Repurchase Plan. The Company has purchased
190 shares of common stock under the Repurchase Plan, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company does not intend to
make any more repurchases of its Common Stock but reserves the right to evaluate the market for the Common Stock and make a determination
regarding additional repurchases at that time prior to December 31, 2024. 

On
April 24, 2024, the Company received a notice of noncompliance from the NYSE American. On May 24, 2024, we submitted a plan of compliance
to NYSE American addressing how we intend to regain compliance. The plan has been accepted by the NYSE American. However, if we are not
in compliance with the continued listing standards before the end of the cure period, or if we do not make progress consistent with the
plan, the NYSE American may take steps to delist our common stock. Further, we received correspondence from the NYSE American on July
9, 2024, indicating noncompliance under a different requirement of the listing standards, since we reported stockholders equity
of 1.1 million as of March 31, 2024, and had losses from continuing operations and/or net losses in three out of its four most recent
fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, and that which requires us to maintain a minimum stockholders equity of 4.0 million. We
will need to take additional steps to regain compliance under this requirement as well, or the NYSE American may take steps to delist
our common stock. 

Arrangement
Agreement 

On
September 3, 2024, the Company announced it entered into an Arrangement Agreement (the Arrangement Agreement with SRx
Health Solutions, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the Province of Ontario SRx or SRx Health ),
1000994476 Ontario Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and a corporation existing under the laws of the Province
of Ontario AcquireCo ), and 1000994085 Ontario Inc., a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and corporation existing
under the laws of the Province of Ontario CallCo ). Pursuant to the Arrangement Agreement, and the Plan of Arrangement
adopted in connection therewith, the Company will acquire SRx in an all-stock transaction pursuant to a statutory amalgamation of SRx
and AcquireCo under Canadian law (the Amalgamation ). As a result of the Amalgamation, all of the property, rights, interests
and obligations of SRx shall become the property, rights, interests and obligations of the resulting entity Amalco ), and
Amalco will be an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

In
the Amalgamation, each issued and outstanding common share of SRx will be converted based on the Exchange Ratio (as defined below) into
shares of common stock of the Company BTTR Common Stock or, at the option of the holder thereof, exchangeable shares
of Amalco that will be exchangeable at the option of the holder (or under certain other circumstances) on a one-for-one basis for shares
of BTTR Common Stock. The Exchange Ratio will be determined five business days prior to the consummation of the Amalgamation (the Closing and will be based on the trailing 30-day volume weighed average price of the Better Choice Common Stock on the NYSE America, subject
to an aggregate share collar of 19,750,000 shares and 30,000,000 shares, with any resulting fractional shares to be rounded to the nearest
whole share (the Exchange Ratio ). The Amalgamation assigns an equity value of SRx of U.S. 80 million, assuming net debt
at Closing of U.S. 43 million (which will be subject to a two-way adjustment prior to the Closing). All outstanding warrants and restricted
stock units of SRx will be converted into common shares of SRx or terminated prior to the Closing. 

The
transaction has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of the Company and SRx. The consummation of the Amalgamation is
subject to customary closing conditions, including requisite approvals of the stockholders of the Company and SRx and the Ontario Superior
Court of Justice (Commercial List), among other required regulatory approvals, and the absence of a material adverse effect with respect
to the Company or SRx. 

SRx
Health operates one of the largest specialty pharmacy networks in Canada with specialty pharmacies, specialty health/infusion clinics,
clinical trial sites and wholesale distribution facilities spanning the region. SRx Health is only one of a few specialty pharma operators
in Canada with a network that extends across Canada, making it one of the most accessible providers of specialty healthcare in the country.
Better Choice will continue to operate its portfolio of established premium and super-premium pet products under the Halo brand. Upon
closing, Better Choice will emerge as a leading global health and wellness company by providing products and solutions for families to
make better choices. The definitive agreement and announcement of plans for a business combination indicates the intentions of management
but does not alter the independent operation status of the entities until the transaction is fully executed and approved. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Results
of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

The
following table sets forth our consolidated results for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

2024 
 2023 

Net sales 
 11,372 
 13,117 
 (1,745 
 (13 
 27,817 
 32,890 
 (5,073 
 (15 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 6,854 
 8,681 
 (1,827 
 (21 
 17,432 
 21,625 
 (4,193 
 (19 
 
 Gross profit 
 4,518 
 4,436 
 82 
 2 
 10,385 
 11,265 
 (880 
 (8 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 
 5,645 
 7,052 
 (1,407 
 (20 
 14,703 
 19,721 
 (5,018 
 (25 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 5,645 
 7,052 
 (1,407 
 (20 
 14,703 
 19,721 
 (5,018 
 (25 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (1,127 
 (2,616 
 1,489 
 (57 
 (4,318 
 (8,456 
 4,138 
 49 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest income (expense), net 
 6 
 (344 
 (350 
 (102 
 (536 
 (952 
 (416 
 (44 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 
 1,339 
 1,339 
 (100 
 
 1,339 
 1,339 
 (100 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt and accounts payable 
 2,645 
 
 2,645 
 100 
 6,206 
 
 6,206 
 100 
 
 Total other income, net 
 2,651 
 995 
 1,656 
 (166 
 5,670 
 387 
 5,283 
 1365 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 1,524 
 (1,621 
 3,145 
 194 
 1,352 
 (8,069 
 9,421 
 117 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (2 
 
 (2 
 
 3 
 
 3 
 100 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 1,526 
 (1,621 
 3,147 
 194 
 1,349 
 (8,069 
 9,418 
 117 

Net
sales 

We
sell our products through online retailers, pet specialty and independent pet retailers and distributors, internationally to foreign
distribution partners (transacted in U.S. dollars), and our website directly to consumers. We offer a variety of trade promotions, discounts
and incentives to our customers, which impacts the transaction price of our products and our net sales accordingly. DTC net sales within
the Digital channel includes revenue derived from shipping fees and are net of loyalty points earned (a portion of revenue is deferred
at the time of the sale as points are earned and not recognized until the redemption of the points, estimated based on historical experience).
We record a revenue reserve based on historical return rates to account for customer returns. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Information
about our revenue channels is as follows (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Digital (1) 
 3,539 
 31 
 4,478 
 34 
 12,418 
 45 
 14,646 
 45 
 
 International (2) 
 7,070 
 62 
 6,390 
 49 
 13,593 
 49 
 12,575 
 38 
 
 Brick Mortar (3) 
 763 
 7 
 2,249 
 17 
 1,806 
 6 
 5,669 
 17 
 
 Net Sales 
 11,372 
 100 
 13,117 
 100 
 27,817 
 100 
 32,890 
 100 

(1) The
 Company s Digital channel includes two wholesale customers that amounted to greater
 than 10 of the Company s total net sales for the three and nine months ended September
 30, 2024 and 2023, and represented 3.4 million and 10.0 million of net sales for the three
 and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 3.1 million and 10.0 million of net sales
 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Additionally, DTC
 sales within the Digital channel amounted to greater than 10 of the Company s total
 net sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. DTC sales within the Digital
 channel were approximately 1.3 million and 4.3 million for the three and nine months ended
 September 30, 2023, respectively. As of June 1, 2024, the Company has exited its DTC channel
 in an effort to improve profitability. The Company historically reported the sales in this
 channel as E-commerce and DTC separately and has been consolidated into one revenue stream
 as of September 30, 2024. 

(2) One
 of the Company s International customers amounted to greater than 10 of the Company s
 total net sales during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
 and represented 6.0 million and 11.2 million of net sales for the three and nine months
 ended September 30, 2024, and 6.0 million and 11.0 million of net sales for the three and
 nine months ended June 30, 2023, respectively. 

(3) None
 of the Company s Brick Mortar customers represented greater than 10 of net sales
 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. For the three
 and nine months ended September 30, 2023, Petco was included within the Brick Mortar
 channel. Beginning in Q1 2024, Petco is presented within Digital as a result of the strategic
 exit out of Petco stores, while remaining on Petco.com. 

Net
sales decreased (1.7) million, or (13) , to 11.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 13.1 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2023. Net sales decreased (5.1) million, or (15) , to 27.8 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 compared to 32.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net sales for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024 is primarily attributable to strategically exiting unprofitable customers in the Brick Mortar channel
at the end of 2023 and the shutdown of the DTC revenue stream in the second quarter of 2024. 

Key
factors that we expect to affect our future sales growth include new product innovation and launches, our expansion strategy in each
of the sales channels and our key supplier relationships. 

Gross
profit 

Cost
of goods sold consists primarily of the cost of product obtained from co-manufacturers, packaging materials, freight costs for shipping
inventory to the warehouse, as well as third-party warehouse and order fulfillment costs. We review inventory on hand periodically to
identify damaged, slow-moving inventory, and/or aged inventory. Based on this analysis, we record inventories at the lower of cost or
net realizable value, with any reduction in value expensed as cost of goods sold. 

Our
products are manufactured to our specifications by our co-manufacturers using raw materials. We work with our co-manufacturers to secure
a supply of raw materials that meet our specifications. In addition to procuring raw materials that meet our formulation requirements,
our co-manufacturers manufacture, test and package our products. We design our packaging for our co-manufacturers and the packaging is
shipped directly to them. 

Our
gross profit has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, primarily product sales mix, volumes sold, discounts
offered to newly acquired and recurring customers, the cost of our manufactured products, and the cost of freight from the manufacturer
to the warehouse. 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2024, gross profit increased 0.1 million, or 2 , to 4.5 million compared to 4.4 million during
the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, gross profit decreased (0.9) million, or
(8) , to 10.4 million compared to 11.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Gross
margin increased 591 basis points to 40 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 34 for the three months ended September
30, 2023. Gross margin increased 308 basis points to 37 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 34 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily attributable
to improved pricing from our manufacturers, and a shift in product sales mix due to efficient portfolio rationalization. 

We
continue to actively work with our co-manufacturing and freight partners to generate future cost savings and realize improved gross margins
in future periods. We could see continued margin variability due to the current economic environment and pricing pressures due to inflationary
costs for both transportation and raw materials. We will continue to refine and optimize our overall pricing strategy as we evaluate
the future impact of inflation and align ourselves with the market. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Operating
expenses 

Our
Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses consist of the following: 

Sales
 and marketing costs , for specific customer promotional programs, paid media, content
 creation expenses and our DTC selling platform. Marketing costs are geared towards customer
 acquisition and retention and building brand awareness. During the three months ended September
 30, 2024, sales and marketing costs decreased approximately (0.4) million or (14) , to 2.4
 million from 2.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine
 months ended September 30, 2024, sales and marketing costs decreased approximately (2.1)
 million or (30) , to 4.9 million from 7.0 million during the nine months ended September
 30, 2023. The decrease was driven primarily by lower marketing and advertising agency fees
 related to the Halo brand renovation and migration from the former TruDog brand, as well
 as decreased marketing support to our International sales channel. 

Employee
 compensation and benefits decreased approximately (0.3) million or (20) during the
 three months ended September 30, 2024 to 1.2 million from 1.5 million during the three
 months ended September 30, 2023. Employee compensation and benefits decreased approximately
 (0.9) million or (20) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 3.8 million from
 4.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily
 related to a reduction in employee headcount, partially offset by higher severance costs
 during the first half of 2024. 

Share-based
 compensation includes expenses related to equity awards issued to employees and non-employee
 directors. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, Share-based compensation decreased
 (0.4) million or (82) to 0.1 million compared to 0.5 million for the three months ended
 September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Share-based compensation
 decreased by (0.8) million, or (53) , to 0.8 million, as compared to share-based compensation
 of 1.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is driven by
 January 2023 grants which became fully vested in January 2024, resulting in a decrease to
 share-based compensation, partially offset by common stock issued for board service. 

Freight ,
 which is primarily related to the shipping of DTC orders to customers, decreased (0.3) million
 or (96) during the three months ended September 30, 2024 to 0.01 million compared to 0.3
 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Freight decreased (0.5) million
 or (51) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 0.5 million from 1.0 million
 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Freight costs have been generally decreasing
 due to lower DTC sales as described above. The DTC channel was shut down as of June 1, 2024,
 which contributed to the decrease in freight costs for the three and nine months ended September
 30, 2024. 

Non-cash
 charges including depreciation, amortization, disposal or sale of assets and bad debt
 expense decreased by (0.4) million or (89) to 0.05 million during the three months ended
 September 30, 2024 from 0.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Non-cash
 charges were 0.2 million and 1.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024
 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease was driven by the full impairment of intangible
 assets as of December 31, 2023. 

Other
 general and administrative costs for various general corporate expenses, including professional
 services, information technology, insurance, travel, costs related to merchant credit card
 fees, product development costs, rent, and certain tax costs. During the three months ended
 September 30, 2024, other general and administrative costs increased 0.4 million, or 24 
 to 1.9 million compared to 1.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023.
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other general and administrative costs increased
 0.5 million, or 11 to 4.5 million compared to 4.0 million during the nine months ended
 September 30, 2023. The increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was
 driven by an increase in transaction-related and litigation-related legal fees. 

Interest
expense, net 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense decreased by (0.4) million, or (102) to 0.0 million from (0.3) million
for the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense decreased by (0.4)
million, or (44) to (0.5) million from (1.0) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Interest expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 is comprised of interest on our Wintrust Receivables Credit Facility, Alphia Term Loan, the amortization of
debt issuance costs, and interest accretion on the Alphia Term Loan. The decrease in interest expense for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024 is related to the forgiveness of the Alphia Term Loan, as discussed in Note 8 - Debt. 

Income
taxes 

Our
income tax provision consists of an estimate of federal and state income taxes based on enacted federal and state tax rates, as adjusted
for any allowable credits, deductions and uncertain tax positions as they arise. During the three and nine months ended September 30,
2024, we recorded income tax expense of less than 0.01 million, which relates to the gain on extinguishment of debt. During the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2023 we recorded income tax expense of less than 0.1 million, which related to indefinite-lived
assets. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was less than 1 , which differs from the U.S. Federal statutory
rate of 21 primarily because our losses have been fully offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty of realizing the tax benefit
of NOLs. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Liquidity
and capital resources 

Historically,
we have financed our operations primarily through the sales of shares of our common stock, warrants, preferred stock, and loans. In connection
with our July 2024 public offering, we issued and sold 739,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 3.00 per share and
pre-funded warrants to issue 1,028,000 shares of Common Stock at a public offering price of 2.99 per Pre-Funded Warrant. On September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of 4.7 million and 4.5 million, respectively. 

We
are subject to risks common in the pet wellness consumer market including, but not limited to, dependence on key personnel, competitive
forces, successful marketing and sale of our products, the successful protection of our proprietary technologies, ability to grow into
new markets, and compliance with government regulations. As of September 30, 2024, we have not experienced a significant adverse impact
to our business, financial condition or cash flows resulting from geopolitical actions or threat of cyber-attacks. However, we have seen
adverse impacts to our gross margin from time to time due to inflationary pressures in the current economic environment. Uncertainties
regarding the continued economic impact of inflationary pressures, geopolitical actions and threat of cyber-attacks are likely to result
in sustained market turmoil, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and cash flows in the future. 

We
have historically incurred losses and expect to continue to generate operating losses and consume cash resources in the near term. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the date these
interim condensed consolidated financial statements are issued, meaning that we may be unable to generate sufficient operating cash flows
to pay our short-term obligations. We have implemented and continue to implement plans to achieve operating profitability, including
various margin improvement initiatives, the consolidation of and introduction of new co-manufacturers, the optimization of our pricing
strategy and ingredient profiles, and new product innovation. 

Our
ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by the potential worsening of global economic conditions, including inflationary
pressures, he recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting
from geopolitical tensions. If we seek additional financing to fund our business activities in the future and there remains doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern, investors or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding on commercially
reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to raise the necessary funds when needed or achieve planned cost savings, or other strategic
objectives are not achieved, we may not be able to continue our operations, or we could be required to modify our operations that could
slow future growth. 

A
summary of our cash flows is as follows (in thousands): 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 
 (3,189 
 (894 
 
 Investing activities 
 (1,479 
 (10 
 
 Financing activities 
 4,956 
 (4,769 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 288 
 (5,673 

Cash
flows from operating activities 

Cash
used in operating activities increased by 2.3 million, or 257 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine
months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash used was primarily driven by the 6.2 million gain recognized on extinguishment
of the Alphia term loan as well as significant fluctuations in our working capital, including a comparative decrease in accounts payable
of 5.9 million. These increases in cash used were partially offset by a decrease in net loss of 9.4 million, or 117 , to net income
of 1.3 million. 

Cash
flows from investing activities 

Cash
used in investing activities was 1.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The cash used in investing activities
related to the issuance of a 1.5 million note receivable, there were also capital expenditures of less than 0.1 million. Cash used
in investing activities was less than 0.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The cash used in investing activities
is related to capital expenditures. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Cash
flows from financing activities 

Cash
provided by financing activities was 5.0 million, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and cash used in financing activities
was (4.8) million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 was related to net proceeds from the Equity Offering of 4.8 million and proceeds from the Wintrust revolving line
of credit of 9.0 million, offset by payments on the Wintrust revolving line of credit of (8.8) million. The cash used in financing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was related to payment of the Wintrust revolving line of credit of (16.3) million
offset by proceeds from the Wintrust revolving line of credit of 6.8 million and 2.8 million from the Alphia facility and proceeds
of 2.2 million from warrant liabilities. 

Wintrust
Receivables Credit Facility 

On
June 21, 2023, the Company entered into an account purchase agreement with Wintrust Receivables Finance, a division of Wintrust Bank
N.A. Wintrust pursuant to which Wintrust will purchase, at its discretion, eligible customer invoices and advance up
to 70 of the face amount of all purchased amounts up to 4,750,000. Each advance under the AP Agreement will bear interest at the U.S.
prime rate, plus 2.5 . The AP Agreement has an initial term of two years and will automatically renew annually unless terminated by the
Company on at least 60 days notice. The Wintrust Receivables Credit Facility is secured by a general security interest in the
assets of the Company. The Wintrust Receivables Credit Facility is guaranteed secured by the Company pursuant to that certain Unlimited
Continuing Guaranty Agreement dated as of June 21, 2023. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the balance outstanding on the Wintrust Receivables Credit Facility amounted to 1.9 million. 

Alphia
Term Loan 

On
June 21, 2023, the Company entered into a term loan credit agreement with Alphia Inc., a leading custom manufacturer of super-premium
pet food in the U.S. Pursuant to the Term Loan Agreement, Alphia made a term loan to the Company in the original principal amount of
 5,000,000 (the Term Loan ). The Term Loan is also evidenced by that certain Term Note dated as of June 21, 2023 issued
by the Company to Alphia (the Term Note ). The proceeds of the Term Loan, together with a portion of the Company s
cash on hand, were used to retire all of the outstanding obligations of Halo, Purely for Pets, Inc. Halo ), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, under Halo s long-term credit facility with Old Plank Trail Community Bank, N.A., an affiliate of Wintrust
Bank, N.A. 

As
described in Note 8 - Debt, on March 25, 2024, the Company initiated a legal action to enforce a right of first refusal option exercised
by Alphia pursuant to the terms of a written agreement between Alphia and the Company whereby Alphia was to acquire the assets of Halo.
On June 20, 2024, the Company agreed to settlement terms of the lawsuit. The agreement dismisses the Company s ongoing litigation
with Alphia and provides for the forgiveness of the Company s term loan, including 5.0 million in principal and 0.5 million of
payable-in-kind PIK accrued interest, the termination of 335,640 warrants with a strike price of 11.44 per share that
were set to expire in 2028, and the forgiveness of up to 2.6 million in accounts payable due to Alphia, provided the remaining outstanding
accounts payable balance is paid within 90 days of the settlement date. 

As
a result of the settlement terms described above, we are not indebted to Alphia as it relates to the Term Loan Facility as of September
30, 2024. 

Contractual
Commitments and Obligations 

We
are contractually obligated to make future cash payments for various items, including debt arrangements, certain purchase obligations,
as well as the lease arrangement for our office. See Note 8 - Debt to our interim condensed consolidated financial statements
included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information about our debt obligations. Our purchase obligations include certain
ongoing marketing projects, software subscriptions as well as in-transit or in-production purchase orders with our suppliers, for which
amounts vary depending on the purchasing cycle. The majority of our software subscriptions are not under long-term contracts, and we
do not have long-term contracts or commitments with any of our suppliers beyond active purchase orders. These purchase obligations were
not material as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales,
costs and expenses and related disclosures. We believe that the estimates, assumptions and judgments involved in the accounting policies
described in our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2023 have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements and,
therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting estimates. Accordingly, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing
basis, especially in light of recent economic volatility, and may adjust projections if market conditions change. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. There have been no material changes
to our critical accounting estimates compared to the descriptions in our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Share-Based
Compensation 

Share-based
compensation expense is measured based on the estimated fair value of awards granted to employees, directors, officers and consultants
on the grant date. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur, therefore there are no forfeiture related estimates required. 

The
fair value of an option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black Scholes option valuation model, which requires
the development of input assumptions, as described in Note 13 - Share-based compensation of the Company s Annual
Form 10-K. Determining the appropriate fair value model and calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards requires the input
of the subjective assumptions described in Note 13 - Share-based compensation of the Company s Annual Form 10-K.
The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management s best estimates, which involve
inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
Item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our Principal Executive Officer or PEO and our Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Financial Officer or PFO ), we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and
procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, because of the material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024. We are actively remediating these weaknesses, with ongoing improvements being made to the design and operating effectiveness
of our internal controls. 

Notwithstanding
the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we have concluded that the condensed consolidated financial
statements included in this Form 10-Q, when read with the notes thereto, present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Material
Weaknesses 

We
previously reported three material weaknesses in the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting that were
identified in connection with the audit of our fiscal year 2023 consolidated financial statements. A material weakness 
is defined under SEC rules as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the Company s internal controls. The material weaknesses relate to (i) failure to
maintain controls over the operating effectiveness of cybersecurity and IT general controls; (ii) insufficient policies and procedures
to review, analyze, account for and disclose complex transactions; (iii) failure to design and maintain controls over the operating effectiveness
of revenue recognition controls. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Remediation
of Prior Year Material Weaknesses 

Cybersecurity
and IT General Controls 

To
remediate the material weakness associated with failure to maintain controls over the operating effectiveness of cybersecurity and IT
general controls, we have (i) fully transitioned to a new managed IT service provider with an appropriate level of knowledge and technical
experience to design and maintain cybersecurity and IT general controls; (ii) established policies and procedures for the design and
operation of IT generals controls and manual controls to prevent cybersecurity breaches, such as multi-factor authentication implemented
and enforced, anti-virus and anti-malware software suites installed, a cybersecurity training platform for all employees through the
industry leading KnowBe4 platform, and the dual approval of vendor payments and wiring instructions; (iii) sustained operation of our
controls over a period that is appropriate in order to conclude that the controls are operating effectively. 

Accounting
for Complex Transactions 

To
remediate the material weakness associated with accounting for complex transactions, we have implemented sufficient policies and procedures
to review, analyze, account for and disclose the following complex transactions in 2024: (i) Acquisition of Aimia (Note 9 - Business
Combinations), (ii) extinguishment of the Alphia Term Loan (Note 8 - Debt), (iii) the July 2024 public offering (Note 1 - Nature of business
and summary of significant accounting policies) which included issuance of warrants (Note 12 - Warrants), and (iv) the issuance of convertible
notes (Note 4 Note receivable). To address the material weakness in internal controls related to the accounting for complex accounting
transactions, we have (i) added resources responsible for the execution and oversight of accounting and financial reporting operations;
(ii) expanded the use of specialist involvement in highly complex and technical areas of accounting and valuation; and (iii) sustained operation of the implemented controls over a period of time that is appropriate in order to conclude that
controls related to complex transactions are operating effectively. 

Remediation
Plan 

Revenue
Recognition 

To
address the material weakness in internal controls related to the revenue recognition, we continue to evaluate the design and operating
effectiveness controls supporting revenue recognition and are in the process of enhancing certain controls over revenue, including adding
resources and training programs addressing the design, implementation, and documentary evidence requirement of control procedures over
revenue recognition for appropriate personnel. 

Although
we implemented measures and plan to implement additional measures to remedy our internal control deficiencies, there can be no assurance
that our efforts will be successful. In addition, until the remediation steps have been completed and operated for a sufficient period
of time, and subsequent evaluation of their effectiveness is completed, the material weaknesses identified and described above will continue
to exist. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We
completed one acquisition for an aggregate purchase price of 0.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company
continues to evaluate the internal control environment of the acquired entity and has not yet concluded on the integration and effectiveness
of internal controls. Our assessment is ongoing to ensure that all controls are appropriately aligned and integrated with our existing
framework. The acquisition represents less than 1 of our consolidated total assets and has no revenues as of and for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

Our
remediation efforts were ongoing during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. Except for our ongoing remediation efforts of the material
weaknesses described above, and the remediation of our material weaknesses related to cybersecurity and IT general controls and accounting
for complex transactions, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter-ended
September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we are subject to litigation and other proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Subject to the inherent
uncertainties of litigation and although no assurances are possible, we believe after discussing with legal counsel that there are no
pending lawsuits or claims that, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or our yearly results of operations. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

There
have been no material changes from the risk factors described under the heading Risk Factors in our Annual Report filed
on March 28, 2023. While we believe there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed, you should carefully
consider, in addition to the other information set forth in this report, the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report that could materially
affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in our Annual Report are not the only risks facing our
Company. In addition to risks and uncertainties inherent in forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report, additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The
following exhibits are filed herewith. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 date 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, dated January 1, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 333-161943 
 
 3.1 
 
 04/15/2019 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated February 1, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 333-161943 
 
 3.2 
 
 04/15/2019 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated March 13, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-161943 
 
 3.1 
 
 03/20/2019 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated April 18, 2019 
 
 10-KT 
 
 333-161943 
 
 3.5 
 
 07/25/2019 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated July 30, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-161943 
 
 99.1 
 
 07/30/2020 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Merger of Sport Endurance, Inc. with and into the Company 
 
 10-Q 
 
 333-161943 
 
 3.4 
 
 04/15/2019 
 
 3.7 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 10-Q 
 
 333-161943 
 
 3.5 
 
 04/15/2019 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series F Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-161943 
 
 3.1 
 
 10/02/2020 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate
 of Cancellation of Series F Preferred Stock of Better Choice 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40477 
 
 3.10 
 
 08/11/2022 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Warrant in connection with the November 2019 private placement 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-161943 
 
 4.2 
 
 11/15/2019 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated December 19, 2019, by and among the Company and the Halo Sellers 
 
 10-Q 
 
 333-161943 
 
 4.8 
 
 01/31/2020 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated December 19, 2019, by and among the Company and the Shareholder Personal Guarantors 
 
 10-Q 
 
 333-161943 
 
 4.10 
 
 01/31/2020 
 
 4.7 
 
 Better Choice Company Inc. Amended and Restated 2019 Incentive Award Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 333-161943 
 
 10.19 
 
 05/04/2020 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of 2019 Incentive Award Plan Stock Option Agreement 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-234349 
 
 10.7 
 
 10/28/2019 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant in connection with the June 2020 private placement. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 333-161943 
 
 4.11 
 
 06/25/2020 
 
 4.11 
 
 Form of July 2020 Warrants 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-161943 
 
 10.5 
 
 07/21/2020 
 
 4.12 
 
 Form of Warrant in connection with the October 2020 Series F Private Placement 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-161943 
 
 4.1 
 
 10/02/2020 
 
 4.14 
 
 Form of warrant in connection with the January 2021 Private Placement 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-251241 
 
 4.22 
 
 02/16/2021 
 
 4.15 
 
 Form
 of pre-funded and representative warrants in connection with the July 2024 Public Offering 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-280714 
 
 4.2 
 
 07/31/2024 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and among the Company and its officers and directors 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-234349 
 
 10.8 
 
 10/28/2019 
 
 10.22

Employment Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2023, by and between Kent Cunningham and Better Choice Company, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40477 
 
 10.2 
 
 05/16/2023 
 
 10.24

Account Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2023, by and between Wintrust Receivables Finance, a division of Wintrust Bank N.A., and Halo, Purely for Pets, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40477 
 
 10.9 
 
 06/21/2023 
 
 10.25 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2023, by and between Carolina Martinez and Better Choice Company, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40477 
 
 10.2 
 
 08/07/2023 
 
 10.26 
 
 Better Choice Acquires Aimia Pet Healthco to Enter the GLP1 Pet Market 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40477 
 
 99.1 
 
 02/12/2024 
 
 10.27 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated June 20, 2024, by and between Alphia, Inc. and Better Choice Company, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40477 
 
 10.1 
 
 06/21/2024 
 
 31.1

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1

Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101

The
 following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2023 formatted
 in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language iXBRL ): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations,
 (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (iv) the
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) related notes, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 

104

Cover
 page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, formatted in iXBRL (included as
 Exhibit 101). 

Indicates
 a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

Filed
 or furnished herewith. 

# Certain
 schedules and similar attachments to this agreement have been omitted in accordance with
 Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish copies of any schedules or similar
 attachments to the SEC upon request. 

Certain
 information in this document has been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10).
 Such excluded information is not material and would likely cause competitive harm to the
 registrant if publicly disclosed. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

BETTER
 CHOICE COMPANY INC. 

Date:
 November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /S/
 KENT CUNNINGHAM 

Kent
 Cunningham 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /S/
 CAROLINA MARTINEZ 

Carolina
 Martinez 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) / 

 RULE
15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I,
Kent Cunningham, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September
 30, 2024 of Better Choice Company Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 November 14, 2024 

/s/
 KENT CUNNINGHAM 

Kent Cunningham 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) / 

 RULE
15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I,
Carolina Martinez, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September
 30, 2024 of Better Choice Company Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 November 14, 2024 

/s/
 CAROLINA MARTINEZ 

Carolina
 Martinez 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Better Choice Company Inc. (the Company for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of
the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. (section) 1350, as adopted pursuant to (section) 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
 November 14, 2024 

/s/
 KENT CUNNINGHAM 

Kent
 Cunningham 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 CAROLINA MARTINEZ 

Carolina
 Martinez 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 bttr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 bttr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bttr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bttr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

