<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1551306_0001551306-24-000203.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5304981</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>358016</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>990007</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1834771</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>977035</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1052085</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001551306-24-000203.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112170152
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001551306-24-000203
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Progyny, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001551306
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISC HEALTH & ALLIED SERVICES, NEC [8090]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				272220139
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39100
		FILM NUMBER:		241449637

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1359 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-888-3124

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1359 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Auxogyn, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150318

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Auxogyn Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120601

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001551306-24-000203.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 pgny-20240930.htm
 10-Q

pgny-20240930 
 
 Table of contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________________ to ___________________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 ____________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ____________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 ____________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 0.0001 par value per share 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x 
 Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 As of October 31, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Thre e and Nine Months E nded September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 2 1 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 37 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 66 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 67 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 67 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 67 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 68 
 Signatures 
 69 
 2 

Table of contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position; our ability to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, products, and technologies; our ability to achieve profitability on an annual basis and sustain such profitability; the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents and anticipated sources and uses of cash; our business strategies, plans, objectives and goals; our ability to acquire new clients and successfully engage new and existing clients; our ability to effectively manage our growth; our ability to compete effectively with existing competitors and new market entrants; the impact of recently adopted accounting pronouncements; our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; the plans and objectives of management for future operations and capital expenditures; general economic and market trends; the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including variants, on our business, operations and the markets and communities in which we and our clients, members and providers operate; and the potential impact of evolving laws and regulations, including any laws and regulations restricting reproductive rights. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, seek, assume, future, or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are subject to a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including the factors described under Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 In addition, statements such as we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the filing date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents that we reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. 
 3 

Table of contents 

 SUMMARY OF RISKS AFFECTING OUR BUSINESS 
 Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found under the heading Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A. of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. 
 We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business and future results of operations, which would cause our stock price to decline. 
 The fertility market in which we participate is competitive, and if we do not continue to compete effectively, our results of operations could be harmed. 
 Unfavorable conditions in the global economy or our industry could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our results of operations. 
 Our business depends on our ability to retain our existing clients and increase the adoption of our services within our client base. Any failure to do so would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our largest clients account for a significant portion of our revenue and a significant number of our clients are in the technology industry. The loss of one or more of these clients, changes to pricing terms with these clients or changes within the technology industry could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to attract new clients, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, including variants and resurgences, has had and may continue to have, and similar health epidemics or pandemics could in the future have, an adverse impact on our business, operations, and the markets and communities in which we and our clients, members and providers operate. 
 A significant change in the level or the mix of the utilization of our solutions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have a limited operating history with our current platform of solutions, which makes it difficult to predict our future results of operations. 
 Changes or developments in the health insurance markets in the United States, including passage and implementation of a law to create a single-payer or government-run health insurance program, could adversely harm our business and results of operations. 
 The health benefits industry may be subject to negative publicity, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If our information technology systems, or those of our provider clinics, specialty pharmacies or other vendors, lag, fail or suffer security breaches, we may incur a material disruption of our services or suffer a loss or inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, which could materially impact our business and the results of operations. 
 Our business depends on our ability to maintain our Center of Excellence network of high-quality fertility specialists and other healthcare providers. If we are unable to do so, our future growth would be limited and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be harmed. 
 Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with, and monitoring of, third parties, including channel partners and vendors, as well as insurance carriers. 
 4 

Table of contents 

 If we fail to maintain an efficient pharmacy distribution network or if there is a disruption to our network of specialty pharmacies or their supply chains, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry and must comply with a significant number of complex and evolving legal and regulatory requirements, as well as complex judicial mandates. 
 The healthcare regulatory and political framework is uncertain and evolving. Recent and future developments in the healthcare industry could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 GENERAL 
 Unless the context otherwise indicates, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the terms Progyny, the Company, we, our and us refer to Progyny, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. 
 Progyny and our other registered and common law trade names, trademarks and service marks are the property of Progyny, Inc. Other trade names, trademarks and service marks used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may be referred to without the and symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert their rights thereto. 
 We announce material information to the public through filings with the SEC, our investor relations website at investors.progyny.com , press releases, public conference calls, and webcasts to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information. We therefore encourage investors and others interested in Progyny to review the information disclosed through such channels. Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will announce information will be posted on the investor relations page on our website. 
 5 

Table of contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 PROGYNY, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of and of allowances at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other noncurrent assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 
 par value; shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost, par value; and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of contents 

 PROGYNY, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of services Gross profit Operating expenses: Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Income from operations Interest and other income, net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of contents 

 PROGYNY, INC. 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax Unrealized gains on marketable securities before reclassifications Reclassification of gains on the sale of marketable securities into net income ) ) ) ) Net change on unrealized gains on marketable securities ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of contents 

 PROGYNY, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Shares Amount For the three months ended September 30, 2024: Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Issuance of employee equity awards, net of shares withheld 0 ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Warrant exercise 0 0 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) For the three months ended September 30, 2023: Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Issuance of employee equity awards, net of shares withheld 0 ) ) Stock-based compensation Warrant exercise 0 0 0 Other comprehensive income, net of tax Net income Balance at September 30, 2023 ) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Issuance of employee equity awards, net of shares withheld 0 ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Warrant exercise 0 0 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) For the nine months ended September 30, 2023: Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Issuance of employee equity awards, net of shares withheld 0 ) ) Stock-based compensation Warrant exercise 0 0 0 Other comprehensive income, net of tax Net income Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of contents 

 PROGYNY, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Deferred tax expense Non-cash interest expense Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Bad debt expense Net accretion of discounts on marketable securities ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate loss Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other noncurrent assets and liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of property and equipment, net ) ) Purchase of marketable securities ) ) Sale of marketable securities Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Repurchase of common stock ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payment of employee taxes related to equity awards ) ) Proceeds from contributions to employee stock purchase plan Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds received SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Additions of property and equipment, net included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of contents 

 PROGYNY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 operating segment. The fertility benefits solution consists of a significant service that integrates: (1) the treatment services Smart Cycles that the Company has designed, (2) access to the Progyny network of high-quality fertility specialists that perform the Smart Cycle treatments and (3) active management of the selective network of high-quality provider clinics, real-time member eligibility and treatment authorization, member-facing digital tools and detailed quarterly reporting supported by the Company s dedicated client success teams, and end to end comprehensive concierge member support provided by Progyny s in-house staff of Patient Care Advocates PCAs (collectively, the care management services ). 
 The Company enhanced its fertility benefits solution with the launch of Progyny Rx, its pharmacy benefits solution, effective January 1, 2018. Progyny Rx provides the Company's members with access to the medications needed during their fertility treatment. As part of this solution, the Company provides care management services, which include formulary plan design, simplified authorization, assistance with prescription fulfillment, and timely delivery of the medications by the Company s network of specialty pharmacies, as well as medication administration training, pharmacy support services, and continuing PCA support. As a pharmacy benefits solution provider, Progyny manages the dispensing of pharmaceuticals through the Company s specialty pharmacy contracts. The pharmacy benefits solution is only available as an add-on service to its fertility benefits solution. 
 11 

Table of contents 

2. 
 and include contractual termination options after the first year, allowing the client to terminate the contract with to days notice. 
 Fertility Benefits Solution Revenue 
 Progyny primarily generates revenue through its fertility benefits solution, in which Progyny provides self-insured enterprise entities clients and their employees and partners (together, members with fertility benefits. As part of the fertility benefits solution, Progyny provides access to effective and cost-efficient fertility treatments, referred to as Smart Cycles, as well as other related services. Smart Cycles are proprietary treatment bundles that include certain medical services available to members through Progyny s proprietary, credentialed network of provider clinics. In addition to access to Progyny s Smart Cycle treatment bundles and access to Progyny s network of provider clinics, the fertility benefits solution includes other comprehensive services, which Progyny refers to as care management services, such as active management of the provider clinic network, real-time member eligibility and treatment authorization, member-facing digital tools throughout the Smart Cycle and detailed quarterly reporting all supported by client facing account management and end-to-end comprehensive member support provided by Progyny s in house staff of PCAs. 
 The promises within Progyny s fertility benefits contract with a client represent a single performance obligation because Progyny provides a significant service of integrating the Progyny designed Smart Cycles and access to the fertility treatment services provided by provider clinics with the other comprehensive services into the combined fertility benefits solution that the client contracted to receive. Progyny s fertility benefits solution is a stand-ready obligation that is satisfied over the contract term. 
 Progyny s contracts include the following sources of consideration, which are all variable: a per employee per month PEPM administration fee (in most, but not all contracts) and a fixed rate per Smart Cycle. The PEPM administration fee is allocated between the fertility benefits solution and the pharmacy benefits solution based on standalone selling price, estimated using an expected cost-plus margin method. The Company allocates the variable consideration related to the fixed rate per Smart Cycle to the distinct period during which the related services were performed as those fees relate specifically to the Company s efforts to provide its fertility benefits solution to its clients in the period and represents the consideration the Company is entitled to for the fertility benefits services provided. As a result, the fixed rate per Smart Cycle is included in the transaction price and recognized in the period in which the Smart Cycle is provided to the member. 
 12 

Table of contents 

 to days. 
 The Company assesses whether it is the principal or the agent for each arrangement with a client, since fertility treatment services are provided by a third party the provider clinics. The Company is the principal in its arrangements with clients and therefore presents revenue gross of the amounts paid to the provider clinics because Progyny controls the specified service (the fertility benefits solution) before it is transferred to the client. Progyny integrates the fertility treatment services provided by the provider clinics into the overall fertility benefits solution that the client contracted to receive. In addition, Progyny defines the scope of the potential services to be performed by the provider clinics and monitors the performance of the provider clinics. Furthermore, Progyny is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to the client and has discretion in setting the pricing, as Progyny separately negotiates agreements with the provider clinics, which establish pricing for each treatment service. Pricing of services from provider clinics is independent from the fees charged to clients. 
 Pharmacy Benefits Solution Revenue 
 For clients that have the fertility benefits solution, Progyny offers, as an add-on, its pharmacy benefits solution, which is a separate, fully integrated pharmacy benefit. As part of the pharmacy benefits solution, Progyny provides care management services, which include Progyny s formulary plan design, prescription fulfillment, simplified authorization and timely delivery of the medications used during treatment through Progyny s network of specialty pharmacies, and clinical services consisting of member assessments, UnPack It calls, telephone support, online education, medication administration training, pharmacy support services and continuing PCA support. 
 The pharmacy-related promises represent a single performance obligation because Progyny provides a significant service of integrating the formulary plan design, prescription fulfillment, clinical services and PCA support into the combined pharmacy benefits solution that the client contracted to receive. The pharmacy benefits solution is a stand-ready obligation that is satisfied over the contract term. 
 Progyny s contracts include the following sources of consideration, all of which are variable: a PEPM administration fee (in most, but not all contracts) and a fixed fee per fertility drug. As described above, the PEPM administration fee, less estimated refunds related to service level agreements, is allocated to the pharmacy benefits solution and recognized ratably over the contract term. The Company allocates the variable consideration related to the fixed fee per fertility drug to the distinct period during which the related services were performed, as those fees relate specifically to the Company s efforts to provide its pharmacy benefits solution to clients in the period and represents the consideration the Company is entitled to for the pharmacy benefits services provided. As a result, the fixed fee per fertility drug is included in the transaction price and recognized in the period in which the Company is entitled to consideration from a client, which is when a prescription is filled and delivered to the members. 
 As stated above, clients are invoiced on a monthly basis for the PEPM administration fee. Progyny invoices the client and the member for their respective portions of the fixed fee per fertility drug, when the prescription services are completed by the specialty pharmacies. Once an invoice is issued, payment terms are typically between to days. 
 The Company assesses whether it is the principal or the agent for each arrangement with a client, as prescription fulfillment and clinical services are provided by a third party the specialty pharmacies. The Company is the principal in its arrangements with clients, and therefore presents revenue gross of the amounts paid to the specialty pharmacies. Progyny controls the specified service (the pharmacy benefits solution) before it is transferred to the client. Progyny integrates the prescription fulfillment and clinical services provided by the pharmacies and PCAs into the overall pharmacy benefits solution that the client contracted to receive. In addition, Progyny defines the scope of the potential services to be performed by the specialty pharmacies and monitors the performance of the specialty pharmacies. Furthermore, Progyny is 
 13 

Table of contents 

 , due to the client s contractual termination options. There were no material contract asset or contract liability balances as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 million and million, respectively. Accrued receivables are included within accounts receivable in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Accrued claims payable of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. Claims payable are generally paid within days based on contractual terms. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, unbilled receivables, which represent claims received and approved but unbilled at the end of the reporting period, were million and million, respectively. Unbilled receivables are typically billed to clients within days of the approved claim based on the contractual billing schedule agreed upon with the client. Unbilled receivables are included in accounts receivable in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 ) 
 . 
 14 

Table of contents 

 . 
 In the specialty pharmacy contracts, the contractual fees of prescription drugs sold includes the cost of the prescription drugs purchased and shipped to members by the Company s specialty mail service dispensing pharmacies, net of any volume-related or other discounts. 
 Vendor Rebates 
 The Company receives a rebate on formulations purchased and dispensed by the Company s specialty pharmacies. The Company s contractual arrangements with pharmacy program partners provide for the Company to receive a discount (or rebate) from established list prices paid subsequent to dispensing when products are purchased indirectly from a pharmacy program partner (such as through a specialty pharmacy). These rebates are recognized as a reduction of cost of services when prescriptions are dispensed and are generally estimated and billed to manufacturers within days after the end of each month. The effect of adjustments resulting from the reconciliation of rebates recognized to the amounts billed and collected has not been material to the Company s results of operations. 
 15 

Table of contents 

 3. 
 Pharmacy benefits services revenue Total revenue 
 
 4. 
 million and million, respectively, in financial assets held in money market accounts and million and million, respectively, held in marketable securities, including U.S. treasury bills. All were classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. The Company measured these assets at fair value. The Company classified these assets as Level 1 because the values of these assets are determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest income on cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, including the accretion of discounts on investments, was million and million, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did have any assets or liabilities classified as Level 2 or Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 5. 
 square foot office in its corporate headquarters commenced in New York, NY and is scheduled to expire in May 2029. Pursuant to the sublease, the Company is obligated to pay the base rent of approximately million per annum through the end of the fifth lease year and approximately million per annum thereafter through the expiration date. 
 In February 2023, the Company's lease agreement for the additional square foot office in its corporate offices commenced in New York, NY and is expected to expire in the fourth quarter of 2035. In accordance with ASC 842, the Company recorded right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of million and million, respectively. Pursuant to the lease, the Company is obligated to pay the base rent of approximately million per annum through the end of the fifth lease year and approximately million per annum thereafter through the expiration date. 
 16 

Table of contents 

 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, lease expense was million and million, respectively. 
 Cash outflows from operating activities attributable to the operating leases for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 Short-term lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Long-term lease liabilities Operating lease noncurrent liabilities Other information Weighted-average remaining lease term, operating lease years years Weighted-average discount rate, operating lease 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities Less: current portion of operating lease liabilities Operating lease noncurrent liabilities 
 February 2022 Lease Agreement 
 As noted above, the Company commenced its lease for the square foot office in its corporate offices in New York, NY in February 2023, pursuant to a lease agreement entered into by the Company in February 2022. The lease agreement also provides for additional space in the Company's corporate offices, including an additional square foot office and continued occupancy of the square foot office after the expiration of the current sublease. For the square foot office, the lease commencement date, which is when the premises will become available to the Company for use, is currently expected to be in the fourth quarter of 2024. The Company is obligated to pay the base rent of approximately million starting in the fourth quarter of 2025 for and approximately million per year thereafter through the fourth quarter of 2035, the expected expiration date. For the current square foot office, the Company is obligated to pay the base rent of approximately million per year beginning in June 2029, which is the lease commencement, through the fourth quarter of 2035, the expected expiration date. 
 
 6. 
 17 

Table of contents 

7. 
 million in shares of common stock (the February 2024 share repurchase program ). In May 2024, the Company's Board of Directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to million in shares of common stock (the May 2024 share repurchase program ). In August 2024, the Company's Board of Directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to million in shares of common stock (the August 2024 share repurchase program ). 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased a total of shares of common stock under the share repurchase programs at an average price per share of and a total cost of million, inclusive of excise taxes and trading fees. As of October 2024, the authorized share repurchase programs were completed, and no amounts remained available for repurchase under the programs. 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications, net of tax (1) 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax (3) 
 ) ) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance at end of period 

18 

Table of contents 

 ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications, net of tax (2) 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax (3) 
 ) ) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance at end of period ________________________________ 
 (1) Represents unrealized gain of million, net of tax expense of million, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and unrealized gains of million, net of tax expense of , for the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 (2) Represents unrealized gains of million, net of tax expense of million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and unrealized gains of million, net of tax expense of , for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 (3) The effects on net income of amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Component Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Affected Line Item in Statement of Operations 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gains on marketable securities Interest and other income, net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income 
 
 8. 
 million primarily driven by the Company's operating profit and equity compensation activity that occurred during the period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a provision for income taxes of million, primarily driven by the Company's operating profit, partially offset by equity compensation activity that occurred during the period . 
 
 9. 
 million, or million based on the exchange rate on the acquisition closing date, and was accounted for using the acquisition method. As a result, tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Any excess consideration over the fair value of the assets and liabilities assumed was recognized as goodwill and is subject to revision as the purchase price allocation is completed during the measurement period (up to one year from acquisition date). This acquisition did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 19 

Table of contents 

 10. 
 
 Denominator: Weighted-average shares used in computing basic net income per share Basic net income per share Diluted net income per common share: Numerator: Net income Denominator: Weighted-average shares used in computing basic net income per share Effect of dilutive securities Options to purchase common stock Shares issuable under ESPP Warrants to purchase common stock Restricted stock units Total effect of dilutive securities Weighted-average shares used in computing diluted net income per share Diluted net income per share 
 Shares issuable under ESPP Restricted stock units Total 
 20 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors under Part II, Item 1A. in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Overview 
 We believe in a world where everyone can realize dreams of family and ideal health. Our mission is to empower healthier, supported journeys through transformative fertility, family building and women's health benefits. Through our differentiated approach to benefits plan design, patient education and support and active network management, our clients employees are able to pursue the most effective treatment across life's milestones from the best physicians and achieve optimal outcomes. 
 Progyny is a leading benefits management company specializing in fertility and family building benefits solutions in the United States. Our clients include many of the nation s most prominent employers across a broad array of industries. We launched our fertility benefits solution in 2016 with our first five employer clients, and we have grown our current base of clients to over 465 with at least 1,000 covered lives. We currently provide coverage to approximately 6.4 million employees and their partners (known in our industry as covered lives), whom we refer to as our members. We have achieved this growth by demonstrating that our purpose-built, data-driven and disruptive platform consistently delivers superior clinical outcomes in a cost-efficient manner while driving exceptional client and member satisfaction. We have retained substantially all of our clients since inception, and our member satisfaction over that same time period is evidenced by our industry-leading Net Promoter Score, or NPS, of +80 for our fertility benefits solution and +80 for our integrated pharmacy benefits solution, Progyny Rx as of December 31, 2023. Our members experience healthier pregnancies and superior rates of pregnancy and live births, as well as reduced rates of miscarriages and multiple births, saving valuable time and money and limiting personal and professional disruption. 
 Outcome National Averages 
 for All Provider 
 Clinics 
 Progyny In Network 
 Provider Clinic 
 Averages 
 for All Patients 
 Progyny In Network 
 Provider Clinic 
 Averages 
 for Progyny 
 Members Only (3) 
 Live birth rate per attempted retrieval (2) 
 35.5 37.4 44.4 Single embryo transfer rate (1) 
 75.5 77.8 93.9 Pregnancy rate per IVF transfer (1) 
 53.8 55.2 62.8 Miscarriage rate (1) 
 18.4 18.2 15.8 Live birth rate per transfer (2) 
 41.6 42.6 52.9 IVF multiples rate (2) 
 6.9 6.2 1.9 
 ________________________________ 
 (1) Calculated based on the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology, or SART, 2020 National Summary Report, finalized in 2023. 
 (2) Calculated based on CDC, 2021 National Summary and Clinic Data Sets, published in 2023. 
 (3) Calculated based on the 12-month period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Fertility Benefits Solution . Our fertility benefits solution includes providing members with access to effective and cost-efficient fertility treatments through our Smart Cycle plan design. Smart Cycles are proprietary treatment bundles designed by us to include those medical services available to our members through our selective network of high-quality fertility specialists. Medical services under our Smart Cycles include everything needed for a comprehensive fertility treatment cycle, including all necessary diagnostic testing and access to the latest technology (such as, in the case of in 
 21 

Table of contents 

 vitro fertilization, or IVF, preimplantation genetic testing). We currently offer 20 different Smart Cycle treatment bundles, which may be used in various combinations depending on the member s need. Each Smart Cycle treatment bundle has a separate unit value (i.e., some have fractional values and some have whole values). Our clients contract to purchase a cumulative Smart Cycle unit value per eligible member. These can range from one to an unlimited unit value. Members, in consultation with their PCAs can choose their preferred provider clinics within our network and utilize the specific Smart Cycle treatment bundles necessary for the treatment pathway they determine throughout their fertility journey. 
 In addition, we provide care management services as part of our fertility benefits solution, which include active management of our selective network of high-quality fertility specialists, real-time member eligibility and treatment authorization, member-facing digital solutions, detailed quarterly reporting for our clients supported by our dedicated client success teams and end-to-end comprehensive concierge member support provided by our in-house staff of PCAs. Clients can also add adoption and surrogacy reimbursement programs as part of this solution. 
 Pharmacy Benefits Solution. We went live with our integrated pharmacy benefits solution in 2018. Progyny Rx can only be purchased by clients that purchase our fertility benefits solution. Progyny Rx provides our members with access to the medications needed during their fertility treatment. As part of this solution, we provide care management services, which include our formulary plan design, simplified authorization, assistance with prescription fulfillment and timely delivery of the medications by our network of specialty pharmacies, as well as medication administration training, pharmacy support services and continuing PCA support. 
 Our Clients. We currently serve over 465 employers with at least 1,000 covered lives in the United States across more than 40 industries. Our current clients, who are industry leaders across both high-growth and mature industries and who range in size from approximately 1,000 to 600,000 employees, represent approximately 6.4 million covered lives. 
 
 Revenue Model 
 Our clients primarily contract with us to provide our fertility benefits solution and, where added on by our clients, our Progyny Rx solution. Our revenue has both a utilization-based component and a population-based component, as follows: 
 Utilization Component. Clients pay us for the fertility benefits and Progyny Rx solutions utilized by their employees. With respect to the fertility benefits solution, we bill clients for Smart Cycles in accordance with our bundled case rates, which vary by the type of fertility service rendered and clinic location. Case rates include all third-party fertility specialists, anesthesiology and laboratory services, as well as all of our care management services. With respect to Progyny Rx, we bill the client for the fertility medication dispensed to their employees in connection with the authorized fertility treatments. Medication fees also include our formulary management, drug utilization review and cost containment services and other care management services. 
 Population-Based Component. Clients who purchase our fertility benefits solution also typically pay us a per employee per month fee, or PEPM fee, which is population-based. This allows us to provide access to our PCAs for fertility and family building education and guidance and other digital tools to all of our members, regardless of whether they ultimately pursue fertility treatment. PEPM fees represented 1 of our total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Our revenue in a given year is determined by the level and mix of the utilization of our fertility benefits and Progyny Rx solutions by our members as well as the number of members enrolled in our clients benefits plans. Each year, we contract with new clients for our fertility benefits solution and, where added by the client, our Progyny Rx solution. Given that the majority of our clients contract with us for a January 1 st benefits plan start date, our sales cycle follows the conventional healthcare benefits cycle, which largely concludes by the end of October of the prior year to allow for benefits education and annual open enrollment to occur in November. For some clients that are considering a start date later in the year, the sales cycle can extend through the next year. 
 Similarly, for existing clients, any changes in plan designs are typically elected by the end of October so that clients can inform their employees of the benefits during the open enrollment period ahead of a January 1 st plan year start. 
 22 

Table of contents 

 Key Operational and Business Metrics 
 In addition to the measures presented in our consolidated financial statements, we use the following key operational and business metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, develop financial forecasts, and make strategic decisions. 
 Member and Client Base. Our addressable market is primarily large self-insured employers as well as labor populations under the Labor Management Relations Act of 1947 (also known as the Taft-Hartley Act) and federal government populations. There are approximately 8,000 employers in the United States who have a minimum of 1,000 employees, who together with Taft-Hartley labor populations and federal government populations, represent approximately 106 million potential covered lives in total. Our current member base of approximately 6.4 million covered lives represents a mid-single digit percent of our total market opportunity. We intend to continue to drive new client acquisition by investing significantly in sales and marketing to engage, educate and drive awareness of the unmet need around fertility solutions among benefits executives. We also increase brand awareness and adoption with employers by leveraging our strong relationships with benefits consultants. In particular, we are focused on expanding the number of clients with more than 2,500 covered lives. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we served 468 and 392 clients, respectively, representing 6,446,000 and 5,418,000 members, respectively. 
 Importantly, as we have continued to grow, we have meaningfully diversified our client base across more than 40 different industries currently from just two industries when we launched our fertility benefits solution in 2016. We are expanding our client base within each industry and have an industry-specific strategy that enables us to most effectively target our addressable market. Because our clients within an industry compete with each other for employees, we believe our solutions are increasingly viewed as an important way for them to differentiate from, or remain competitive with, one another. Additionally, we believe that our expanding presence has resulted in a heightened awareness of the need to offer fertility benefits and has informed the market of the value we provide to our clients and our members, which we believe also helps facilitate growth. In addition, we are continuously utilizing our established client relationships to evaluate other potential fertility solutions that could benefit our members and simultaneously drive growth. Our ability to attract new clients will depend on a number of factors, including the effectiveness and pricing of our solutions, offerings of our competitors, the effectiveness of our marketing efforts to drive awareness and the demand for fertility benefits solutions overall. We define a client as an organization for which we have an active contract in the period indicated. We count each organization we contract with as a single client including divisions, segments or subsidiaries of larger organizations to the extent we contract separately with them. 
 Benefits Utilization . A key driver of our revenue is the number of members we serve and the rate at which they utilize their fertility benefits. As our client base has grown, our membership has grown from approximately 110,000 members in 2016 when we launched our fertility benefits solution to approximately 6.4 million members as of September 30, 2024. 
 The following table highlights the number of assisted reproductive treatment, or ART, cycles performed for Progyny members and the member utilization rates for each of the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Assisted Reproductive Treatment (ART) Cycles (1) 
 14,911 15,005 45,275 42,947 Utilization - All Members (2) 
 0.54 0.56 1.10 1.11 Utilization - Female Only (2) 
 0.47 0.49 0.90 0.93 Average Members (3) 
 6,444,000 5,428,000 6,381,000 5,366,000 
 ________________________________ 
 (1) Represents the number of ART cycles performed, including IVF with a fresh embryo transfer, IVF freeze all cycles/embryo banking, frozen embryo transfers and egg freezing. 
 (2) Represents the member utilization rate for all services, including but not limited to, ART cycles, initial consultations, IUIs and genetic testing. The utilization rate for all members includes all unique members (female and male) who utilize the benefit during that period while the utilization rate for female only includes only unique females who utilize the benefit during that period. For the purposes of calculating utilization rates in any given period, the results reflect 
 23 

Table of contents 

 the number of unique members utilizing the benefit for that period. Individual periods cannot be combined as member treatments may span multiple periods. 
 (3) Includes approximately 300,000 members from a single client who are not reflected in utilization as a result of the client's chosen benefit design. 

Impact of COVID-19 on our Business 
 The COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted various markets around the world, including the United States. Restrictions related to COVID-19, including variants, and our responses to them significantly impacted and may continue to impact how our members use our services, access our providers, and how our employees work and provide services to our clients and members, resulting in an impact on our revenue. To the extent that the markets we serve experience increased cases of COVID-19, including variants, state or local governments may reinstitute measures to control its spread, which could again negatively impact our members access to care, which could in turn impact our business. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of these potential impacts to our business, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 For additional information on the various risks posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, please refer to Part II, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Revenue includes fertility benefits solution revenue, pharmacy benefits solution revenue and PEPM fees. 
 Fertility Benefits Solution Revenue 
 Fertility benefits solution revenue primarily represents utilization of our fertility benefits solution. Our client contracts are typically for a three-year term and pricing for this solution is established for each Smart Cycle treatment bundle, based in part on when the client first became a client and the number of members covered under the solution. Fertility benefits solution revenue includes amounts we receive directly from members, including deductibles, co-insurance and co-payments associated with the treatments under the fertility benefits solution. Revenue is recognized based on the negotiated price with our clients and includes the portion to be paid directly by the member. Revenue is recognized when Smart Cycle services are completed for a member. Revenue is also accrued for authorized Smart Cycle services rendered based on member appointments scheduled with a fertility specialist in our network but for which no claim has yet been reported, net of expected changes and cancellations of services. 
 Pharmacy Benefits Solution Revenue 
 Pharmacy benefits solution revenue primarily represents utilization of Progyny Rx. For clients who contract for the fertility benefits solution, we offer an add-on, separate, fully integrated pharmacy benefits solution designed by us. Progyny Rx provides our members with access to our formulary plan design, simplified authorization, prescription fulfillment and timely delivery of the medications used during treatment through our network of specialty pharmacies, as well as provides our members with medication administration training and other pharmacy support services. Prescription drugs are dispensed by our contracted mail order specialty pharmacies. Revenue related to the dispensing of prescription drugs by the specialty pharmacies in our network includes the prescription fees negotiated with our clients, including the portion that we collect directly from members (deductibles, co-insurance and co-payments). The contractual fees agreed to with our clients are inclusive of the cost of the prescription drug from our specialty providers, less any applicable discounts (or rebates), as well as the related clinical and care management services. Revenue from these arrangements is recognized when the drugs are dispensed. This solution was introduced in the marketplace in the third quarter of 2017 and went live with a select number of clients on January 1, 2018. 
 Per Employee Per Month (PEPM) Fee 
 Clients who purchase our fertility benefits solution also pay us a population based PEPM fee, which provides access to our PCAs for fertility and family building education and guidance and other digital tools for all of our covered members, regardless of whether or not they ultimately pursue fertility treatment. We earn a PEPM fee for the majority of 
 24 

Table of contents 

 our clients. Revenue from the PEPM fee is billed and recognized monthly based upon the contractual fee and the number of employees at that specific client for that month. 
 Cost of Services 
 Our cost of services has three primary components: (1) fertility benefits services; (2) pharmacy benefits services; and (3) vendor rebates. 
 Fertility Benefits Services 
 Fertility benefits services costs include: (1) fees paid to provider clinics within our network, labs and anesthesiologists; (2) costs incurred (including salaries, bonuses, benefits, stock-based compensation expense, other related costs, and an allocation of our general overhead, depreciation and amortization) for those employees associated with our care management service functions: Provider Account Management, PCA, Provider Relations and Claims Processing teams; and (3) related information technology support costs. Our contracts with provider clinics are typically for a term of one to two years. 
 Pharmacy Benefits Services 
 Pharmacy benefits services costs include: (1) the fees for prescription drugs dispensed and clinical services provided during the reporting period by our specialty pharmacy partners; (2) costs incurred (including salaries, bonuses, benefits, stock-based compensation expense, other related costs, and an allocation of our general overhead, depreciation and amortization) for those employees associated with our care management service functions: PCA, Provider Relations and Claims Processing teams; and (3) related information technology support costs. Contracts with the specialty pharmacies are typically for a term of one year. 
 Vendor Rebates 
 We receive a rebate on certain medications purchased by our specialty pharmacies. Our contractual arrangements with pharmacy program partners provide for us to receive a rebate from established list prices, which is paid subsequent to dispensing. These rebates are recorded as a reduction to cost of services when prescriptions are dispensed. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Gross profit is total revenue less total cost of services. Gross margin is gross profit expressed as a percentage of total revenue. We expect that gross profit and gross margin will continue to be affected by various factors, including the geographic location where treatments are performed, as well as pricing with each of our clients, provider clinics, labs, specialty pharmacies and pharmaceutical companies, all of which are negotiated separately, have different contracting start and end dates and durations which are not coterminous with each other. Additionally, staffing levels and the related personnel costs, including stock-based compensation expense, and other costs necessary to deliver our care management services will continue to grow as we continue to add clients and their associated members. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses consist of sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses. 
 Sales and Marketing Expense 
 Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of employee related costs, including salaries, bonuses, commissions, benefits, stock-based compensation expense, other related costs, and an allocation of our general overhead, depreciation and amortization for those employees associated with sales and marketing. These expenses also include third-party consulting services, advertising, marketing, promotional events, and brand awareness activities. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest and grow our business. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 General and administrative expense consists primarily of employee related costs, including salaries, bonuses, benefits, stock-based compensation expense, other related costs, and an allocation of our general overhead, depreciation 
 25 

Table of contents 

 and amortization for those employees associated with general and administrative services such as executive, legal, human resources, information technology, accounting, and finance. These expenses also include third-party consulting services and facilities costs. We anticipate that we will incur additional general and administrative expenses on an ongoing basis to support the growth of our business. 
 Interest and Other Income, Net 
 Interest and other income, net primarily includes interest income and expense as well as investment income and losses. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States. Income tax expense consists of taxes currently payable and changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities calculated according to local tax rules. Deferred income taxes are recorded for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and amounts recognized for income tax purposes. As of each reporting date, management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect its view of the future realization of deferred tax assets. We believe there is sufficient positive evidence to conclude that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets are realizable. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented and as a percentage of revenue for those periods: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) (in thousands) Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: Revenue 286,625 280,891 868,790 818,658 Cost of services (1) 
 227,381 218,267 678,859 636,753 Gross profit 59,244 62,624 189,931 181,905 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing (1) 
 16,457 14,911 48,332 44,577 General and administrative (1) 
 30,329 29,524 89,931 88,944 Total operating expenses 46,786 44,435 138,263 133,521 Income from operations 12,458 18,189 51,668 48,384 Interest and other income, net 5,504 2,742 13,876 6,045 Income before income taxes 17,962 20,931 65,544 54,429 Provision for income taxes 7,541 5,033 21,740 5,862 Net income 10,421 15,898 43,804 48,567 
 ________________________________ 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of services 9,528 8,941 28,009 25,967 Sales and marketing 8,101 6,938 23,515 20,389 General and administrative 15,554 15,372 45,747 47,456 Total stock based compensation expense 33,183 31,251 97,271 93,812 
 26 

Table of contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Consolidated Statements of Operations Data, as a percentage of revenue: Revenue 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of services 79.3 77.7 78.1 77.8 Gross profit 20.7 22.3 21.9 22.2 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 5.7 5.3 5.6 5.4 General and administrative 10.7 10.5 10.4 10.9 Total operating expenses 16.4 15.8 16.0 16.3 Income from operations 4.3 6.5 5.9 5.9 Interest and other income, net 2.0 1.0 1.6 0.7 Income before income taxes 6.3 7.5 7.5 6.6 Provision for income taxes 2.7 1.8 2.5 0.7 Net income 3.6 5.7 5.0 5.9 
 Note: percentages shown in the table may not foot due to rounding. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measure Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a supplemental financial measure that is not required by, or presented in accordance with, U.S. GAAP. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA, when taken together with our U.S. GAAP financial results, provides meaningful supplemental information regarding our operating performance and facilitates internal comparisons of our historical operating performance on a more consistent basis by excluding certain items that may not be indicative of our business, results of operations or outlook. In particular, we believe that the use of Adjusted EBITDA is helpful to our investors as it is a measure used by management in assessing the health of our business, determining incentive compensation, evaluating our operating performance, and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is presented for supplemental informational purposes only, has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Some of the limitations of Adjusted EBITDA include: (1) it does not properly reflect capital commitments to be paid in the future; (2) although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the underlying assets may need to be replaced and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect these capital expenditures; (3) it does not consider the impact of stock-based compensation expense; (4) it does not reflect other non-operating income and expenses, including interest and other income, net; and (5) it does not reflect tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us. In addition, our Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies because they may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same manner as we calculate the measure, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these limitations, when evaluating our performance, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial performance measures, including our net income, gross margin, and other U.S. GAAP results. 
 We calculate Adjusted EBITDA as net income, adjusted to exclude depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, interest and other income, net, and provision for income taxes. The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable financial measure stated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, for each of the periods indicated: 
 27 

Table of contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net income 10,421 15,898 43,804 48,567 Add: Depreciation and amortization 837 579 2,307 1,647 Stock based compensation expense 33,183 31,251 97,271 93,812 Interest and other income, net (5,504) (2,742) (13,876) (6,045) Provision for income taxes 7,541 5,033 21,740 5,862 Adjusted EBITDA 46,478 50,019 151,246 143,843 
 
 Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue 286,625 280,891 2 
 Revenue increased by 5.7 million, or 2 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase is primarily due to a 3.6 million, or 2 , increase in revenue from our fertility benefits solution and a 2.1 million, or 2 , increase in revenue from our Progyny Rx solution. The increases in revenue from our fertility benefits solution and Progyny Rx solution were primarily due to the increase in the number of clients and covered lives. 
 Cost of Services 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Cost of services 227,381 218,267 4 
 Cost of services increased by 9.1 million, or 4 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in medical treatment and pharmacy prescription costs associated with fertility treatment delivered. This increase was also attributable to an increase in personnel-related costs primarily due to incremental headcount as well as a 0.6 million increase in stock-based compensation expense. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Gross profit 59,244 62,624 (5) Gross margin 20.7 22.3 
 Gross profit decreased by 3.4 million, or 5 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 28 

Table of contents 

 Gross margin decreased 160 basis points for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in personnel-related costs in the delivery of our care management services. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing Expense 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Sales and marketing 16,457 14,911 10 
 Sales and marketing expense increased by 1.5 million, or 10 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was due to a 1.1 million increase in personnel-related costs mainly attributable to an increase in stock-based compensation expense, as well as a 0.4 million increase in other related sales and marketing expenses. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) General and administrative 30,329 29,524 3 
 General and administrative expense increased by 0.8 million, or 3 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was due to a 3.6 million increase in personnel-related costs attributable to incremental headcount. This increase was partially offset by a 2.3 million decrease in bad debt expense and a 0.5 million decrease in other related general and administrative expenses. 
 Interest and Other Income, Net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Interest and other income, net 5,504 2,742 101 
 Interest and other income, net increased by 2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in interest income. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Provision for income taxes 7,541 5,033 50 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a provision for income taxes of 7.5 million, as compared to 5.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in tax benefits for equity compensation, including discrete tax benefits, in the current year period. 
 29 

Table of contents 

 Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue 868,790 818,658 6 
 Revenue increased by 50.1 million, or 6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase is primarily due to a 37.1 million, or 7 , increase in revenue from our fertility benefits solution and a 13.0 million, or 4 , increase in revenue from our Progyny Rx solution. The increases in revenue from our fertility benefits solution and Progyny Rx solution were primarily due to the increase in the number of clients and covered lives. 
 Cost of Services 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Cost of services 678,859 636,753 7 
 Cost of services increased by 42.1 million, or 7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in medical treatment and pharmacy prescription costs associated with fertility treatments delivered. This increase was also attributable to an increase in personnel-related costs primarily due to incremental headcount as well as a 2.0 million increase in stock-based compensation expense. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Gross profit 189,931 181,905 4 Gross margin 21.9 22.2 
 Gross profit increased by 8.0 million, or 4 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Gross margin decreased 30 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in personnel-related costs in the delivery of our care management services. 
 30 

Table of contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing Expense 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Sales and marketing 48,332 44,577 8 
 Sales and marketing expense increased by 3.8 million, or 8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to a 3.1 million increase in personnel-related costs attributable to an increase in stock-based compensation expense, as well as a 0.7 million increase in other related sales and marketing expenses. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) General and administrative 89,931 88,944 1 
 General and administrative expense increased by 1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to a 3.6 million increase in personnel-related costs attributable to incremental headcount, largely offset by a 2.3 million decrease in bad debt expense, as well as a 0.3 million decrease in other related general and administrative expenses. 
 Interest and Other Income, Net 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Interest and other income, net 13,876 6,045 130 
 Interest and other income, net increased by 7.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in interest income. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (dollars in thousands) Provision for income taxes 21,740 5,862 271 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a provision for income taxes of 21.7 million as compared to 5.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the higher operating profit as well as a decrease in tax benefits for equity compensation, including discrete tax benefits, in the current year period. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 91.5 million of cash and cash equivalents and 144.2 million of marketable securities. Since inception, we have financed our operations primarily through sales of our solutions and the net proceeds we have received from sales of equity securities, including our initial public offering. Our cash and cash equivalents and 
 31 

Table of contents 

 working capital are affected by the timing of payments to third party providers and collections from clients and have increased as our revenue has increased. In particular, during the ramp up and onboarding of new clients who typically begin their benefits plan year as of January 1 st , our accounts receivable has historically increased more than our accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the early part of each calendar year. Historically, these timing impacts have reversed throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. Accordingly, our working capital, and its impact on cash flow from operations, can fluctuate materially from period to period. 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, including the proceeds from our marketable securities, and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to support our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. We also expect these sources of existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our long-term contractual obligations and capital needs. However, this is subject, to a certain extent, to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. Moreover, our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including sales of our solutions and client renewals, the timing and the amount of cash received from clients, the expansion of our sales and marketing activities, and the continued market adoption of our solutions. 
 Other than the prior impact on our revenue growth and the related cash flows resulting from the various restrictions on activities due to the COVID-19 pandemic, as of September 30, 2024, our sources and uses of cash were not otherwise significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and, to date based on the information currently available to us, we have not identified and do not expect any material liquidity deficiencies as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. For additional information on the various risks posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, please refer to Part II, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 We may, in the future, enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, products, and technologies. We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that we require additional financing, we may not be able to raise such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in continued innovation, we may not be able to compete successfully, which would harm our business, operations and financial condition. 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows from operations for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Cash provided by operating activities 126,941 151,155 Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 120,802 (107,111) Cash used in financing activities (253,553) (6,047) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6) 0 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (5,816) 37,997 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 126.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily consisting of net income of 43.8 million adjusted for certain items, which include 97.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, 12.7 million of bad debt expense, 3.8 million of net accretion of discounts on marketable securities, 10.4 million of deferred tax expense, and 2.3 million of depreciation and amortization. Changes in operating assets and liabilities resulted in cash used in operating activities from increases in accounts receivable of 51.6 million and prepaid expenses and other current assets of 2.4 million, partially offset by cash provided by operating activities from increases in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 13.1 million and accounts payable of 5.1 million. These changes were a result of the impact of revenue growth and our operating results as well as the timing of cash collections and payments to third parties, including 34.9 million of cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 151.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily consisting of net income of 48.6 million adjusted for certain items, which include 93.8 million of stock-based compensation expense, 15.1 million of bad debt expense, 5.9 million of deferred tax expense, 2.7 million of net accretion of discounts on marketable securities, and 1.6 million of depreciation and amortization. Changes in operating 
 32 

Table of contents 

 assets and liabilities resulted in cash used in operating activities from increases in accounts receivable of 43.8 million and prepaid expenses and other current assets of 2.5 million, partially offset by cash provided by operating activities from increases in accounts payable of 22.9 million, accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 11.7 million, and other noncurrent assets and liabilities of 0.5 million. These changes were a result of the impact of revenue growth and our operating results as well as new agreements with our pharmacy program partners, which included more favorable payment receipt terms and resulted in an additional receipt in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and the timing of cash collections and payments to third parties. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 120.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which primarily consisted of net proceeds from marketable securities of 129.6 million, partially offset by 5.3 million used for a business acquisition, net of cash acquired. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in investing activities was 107.1 million, which primarily consisted of net investments in marketable securities of 104.1 million. The remainder of the activity for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 consisted of purchases of computers, software, including capitalized software development costs, and leasehold improvements. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 253.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, consisting of 245.2 million of repurchases of common stock under the February 2024, May 2024, and August 2024 share repurchase programs and payments of 10.4 million for employee taxes related to equity awards, partially offset by 1.1 million in proceeds from stock option exercises and 0.9 million in proceeds from contributions to our employee stock purchase plan. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 6.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 , consisting of payments of 10.5 million for employee taxes related to equity awards, partially offset by 3.6 million in proceeds from stock option exercises and 0.9 million in proceeds from contributions to our employee stock purchase plan. 
 Share Repurchase Programs 
 In February 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 100 million in shares of common stock (the February 2024 share repurchase program ). In May 2024, our Board of Directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to 100 million in shares of common stock (the May 2024 share repurchase program ). In August 2024, our Board of Directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to 100 million in shares of common stock (the August 2024 share repurchase program ). 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , we repurchased a total of 9,133,895 shares of common stock under the share repurchase programs at an average price per share of 27.09 and a total cost of 249.8 million , inclusive of excise taxes and trading fees. To date, we repurchased a total of 12,382,193 shares of common stock under the share repurchase programs for a total cost of 300.3 million, inclusive of trading fees. As of October 2024, the February 2024 share repurchase program, May 2024 share repurchase program, and August 2024 share repurchase program were completed, and no amounts remained available for repurchase under the programs. 
 Operating Lease Commitments 
 In September 2019, we commenced a sublease agreement for our corporate offices in New York, New York. The sublease is for a 25,212 square foot office and will expire in May 2029. Pursuant to the sublease, we will pay the base rent of approximately 1.3 million per year through the end of the fifth lease year and approximately 1.4 million per year thereafter through the expiration date. 
 In February 2022, we entered into a lease agreement for additional space in our corporate offices in New York, New York, consisting of a 24,099 square foot office and a 21,262 square foot office, and also for continued occupancy of the 25,212 square foot office after the expiration of the current sublease. For the 24,099 square foot office, we will pay the base rent of approximately 1.4 million per year through the end of the fifth lease year and approximately 1.5 million per year thereafter through the fourth quarter of 2035, the expected expiration date. For the 21,262 square foot office, we will pay the base rent of approximately 1.3 million starting in the fourth quarter of 2025 for five years and approximately 1.4 million per year thereafter through the fourth quarter of 2035, the expected expiration date. For our current 25,212 square 
 33 

Table of contents 

 foot office, we will pay the base rent of approximately 1.6 million per year beginning in June 2029 through the fourth quarter of 2035, the expected expiration date. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual results, our future financial statements will be affected. 
 We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with our accrued receivables related to revenue recognition, accrued claims payable, stock-based compensation expense, and accounting for income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting estimates. 
 For additional information about our critical accounting policies and estimates, see the disclosure included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as "Financial Statements (Unaudited) Note 1 Business and Basis of Presentation" and "Financial Statements (Unaudited) Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies" in the notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There have been no material changes to the Company s critical accounting policies and estimates since our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a full discussion of recently adopted accounting pronouncements, see "Financial Statements (Unaudited) Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies", to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 34 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of fluctuations in interest rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is highly sensitive due to many factors, including U.S. monetary and tax policies, U.S. and international economic factors and other factors beyond our control. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 91.5 million and marketable securities of 144.2 million. Interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. Our investments are exposed to market risk due to a fluctuation in interest rates, which may affect our interest income and the fair market value of our investments. A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates would not result in a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Inflation Rate Risk 
 While it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation on our results of operations and financial condition, we do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Nonetheless, if our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 35 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 36 

Table of contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Part I, Item 1 Financial Statements (Unaudited) Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the sections titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our unaudited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, which would cause you to lose all or part of your investment. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business and future results of operations, which would cause our stock price to decline. 
 We have provided and may continue to provide guidance about our business and future results of operations. On November 12, 2024, we issued guidance for the fourth quarter of 2024 and full year 2024. This guidance, which consists of forward-looking statements, is qualified by, and subject to, such assumptions, estimates and expectations as of the date such guidance is given and may be revised at a later time, solely in our discretion, as we learn more information. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In developing this guidance, our management must make certain assumptions and judgments, including, but not limited to, our business strategy, plans, goals, expectations concerning our market position, future operations and other financial and operating information, as well as the impact of events outside of our control (such as macroeconomic conditions), the COVID-19 pandemic, or shortages of fertility medications that are or were at this time inherently difficult to predict. While the guidance may be presented with numerical specificity, it is necessarily speculative in nature. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release of such guidance. Furthermore, analysts and investors may develop and publish their own projections of our business, which may form a consensus about our future performance. Our actual business results may vary significantly from such guidance or that consensus due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and which could adversely affect our business and future results of operations. Furthermore, if we make downward revisions of our previously announced guidance, or if our publicly announced guidance of our future results of operations fails to meet expectations of securities analysts, investors or other interested parties, the price of our common stock would decline. 
 The fertility market in which we participate is competitive, and if we do not continue to compete effectively, our results of operations could be harmed. 
 The market for our solutions is competitive and is likely to attract increased competition, which could make it hard for us to succeed. We compete on the basis of several factors, including the comprehensiveness of our benefits solutions and the Smart Cycle (our unique approach to benefits plan design which ensures that members always have coverage for a full treatment cycle as their access to treatment is not limited by a dollar maximum that could be exhausted mid-treatment), superior clinical outcomes, access for all employee groups (including LGBTQ+ and single mothers by choice), equitable access to care across geographies, quality of the member experience and comprehensive member support, access to our selective Center of Excellence (our proprietary, credentialed network of high-quality fertility specialists), data reporting and sharing and access to an integrated pharmacy solution. While we do not believe any single competitor offers a similarly robust and integrated fertility and family building benefits solution as to what we provide, there are alternative solutions in the market such as the health insurance companies that are able to provide fertility benefits management services as part of their overall administration of a company's health plan and that are our primary competition. In addition, other competitors include specialty fertility-focused solutions owned or sponsored by the health insurance companies to provide more comprehensive support to fertility patients than their general medical coverage 
 37 

Table of contents 

 provides, such as case management or educational support, and the venture capital or private equity-backed companies that focus on maternity and reproductive health services more broadly, or who provide fertility-specific benefits solutions. 
 
 As we market our solutions to potential clients that currently utilize other vendors to manage their employees fertility benefits, we may fail to convince their internal stakeholders that our offerings and our model are superior to their current solutions. Some of our competitors are more established, benefit from greater brand recognition and have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources. Our competitors may seek to develop or integrate solutions and services that may become more efficient or appealing to our existing and potential clients. For example, fertility-focused pharmacy benefits managers, or PBMs, could emerge that would compete with Progyny Rx. In addition, we believe one of our key competitive advantages is our purpose-built, data-driven platform. While we do not believe any competitors have developed a similarly robust data collection, analysis and reporting process at this time, current or future competitors may be successful in doing so in the future. 
 
 In addition, as the fertility benefits field gains more attention, more competitors may be drawn into the market. We also could be adversely affected if we fail to identify or effectively respond to changes in market dynamics. As a result of any of these factors, we may not be able to continue to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, and this competition could result in the failure of our platform to continue to maintain market acceptance, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Many healthcare industry participants are consolidating to create larger and more integrated healthcare delivery systems with greater market power and we expect regulatory and economic conditions to result in additional consolidation in the healthcare industry. Additionally, financial investors are acquiring fertility practices and this may accelerate consolidation within the industry. Although comprehensive, our solution is a standalone fertility benefit. Clients may prefer a single healthcare solution, which could adversely affect our ability to retain existing clients or grow our client base. In addition, we work with partner organizations to market our benefit to potential clients. As consolidation accelerates, the economies of scale of our partners organizations may grow. If a partner experiences sizable growth following consolidation, it may determine that it no longer needs to rely on us and may reduce its demand for our services. Furthermore, as healthcare providers consolidate to create larger and more integrated healthcare delivery systems with greater market power, these providers may try to use their market power to negotiate fee increases for their services. Finally, consolidation may also result in the acquisition of our partners by competitors or development by our partners of products and services that compete with our products and services. Any of these potential results of consolidation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Unfavorable conditions in the global economy or our industry could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our results of operations. 
 Market volatility and uncertainty related to general economic conditions remain widespread, making it very difficult for our clients and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. Negative conditions in the general economy in the United States and elsewhere, including conditions resulting from changes in gross domestic product growth, financial and credit market fluctuations, inflation, consumer confidence, international trade relations, geopolitical conflict, political turmoil, natural catastrophes, resurgences or outbreaks of contagious diseases or the worsening thereof, including the COVID-19 pandemic, warfare and terrorist attacks, could cause a decrease in business investments, including spending on employee benefits, and negatively affect the growth of our business. Economic conditions including inflation, interest rate fluctuations, changes in capital market conditions, disruptions in the banking industry and other parts of the financial services sector, and regulatory changes, such as the taxability of medical benefits like ours, may affect our ability to obtain necessary financing on acceptable terms. 
 Unfavorable changes in our industry, including reductions in general healthcare spending, or in the United States and global economy could have a negative effect on our and our clients and potential clients results of operations. This could result in the delay or cancellation by certain clients, including if purchases of our solution are perceived by clients and potential clients to be discretionary, if they experience a reduction in their employee headcounts, whether due to reductions in force or turnover, or are unable to grow employee headcounts or there are material defaults by members on past amounts due. An increase in the cost of obtaining fertility medication or general medical cost inflation could also negatively impact our results of operation. In addition, the increased pace of consolidation in the healthcare industry may result in competitors with greater market power. Many economists believe the global economy will likely experience a recessionary environment in the near future. The Federal Reserve s efforts to tame inflation have led to, and may continue to lead to, increased interest rates. A significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown, instability, or recovery, generally or within any particular industry, nor its impact on us or our clients. 
 38 

Table of contents 

 Our business depends on our ability to retain our existing clients and increase the adoption of our services within our client base. Any failure to do so would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As part of our growth strategy, we are focused on retaining and expanding our services within our existing client base. A client can expand the fertility benefits they offer to their employees in a number of ways, including by adding egg freezing or increasing the number of Smart Cycle units under their benefits plan (i.e., from two to three Smart Cycles per household). In addition, our fertility benefits solution clients can purchase our add-on Progyny Rx solution. We went live with Progyny Rx in 2018 and 91 of our current clients have now launched this solution, including approximately 98 of the clients we signed in 2023. 
 Factors that may affect our ability to retain our existing clients and sell additional solutions to them include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 the price, timeliness and outcomes of our solutions; 
 the availability, price, timeliness, outcome, performance and functionality of competing solutions; 
 our ability to maintain and appropriately expand our Center of Excellence network of high-quality fertility specialists; 
 our ability to offer complementary solutions and services that will enhance our comprehensive family building offering; 
 changes in healthcare laws, regulations or the enforcement of such laws and regulations, or trends; 
 any material increase in the unemployment rate; 
 global economic conditions and the business environment of our clients and, in particular, slowing growth or reduction in our clients headcount; and 
 consolidation of our clients, resulting in a change to their benefits program or a shift to one of our competitors. 
 Any of the above factors, alone or together, could negatively affect our ability to retain existing clients and sell additional solutions to them, which would have an adverse effect on our business, revenue growth and results of operations. 
 Our largest clients account for a significant portion of our revenue and a significant number of our clients are in the technology industry. The loss of one or more of these clients, changes to pricing terms with these clients or changes within the technology industry could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We currently serve over 465 employers with at least 1,000 covered lives in the United States across more than 40 industries. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, one of our clients accounted for 12 of our total revenue (the "Client"). For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Client accounted for 13 of our total revenue. No other clients accounted for more than 10 of our total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 . Engagement with these clients is generally covered through contracts that are multi-year in duration. These clients may terminate early or decline to renew their existing contracts with us upon expiration and any such termination or failure to renew could have a negative impact on our revenue and compromise our growth strategy. In the third quarter of 2024, we were notified that the Client elected to exercise a 90-day option to terminate its services agreement, effective as of January 1, 2025. Our clients could also renegotiate pricing terms at the time of renewal, which could have a negative impact on our revenue. In addition, we generate a significant portion of our revenue from clients in the technology industry. Any of a variety of changes in that industry, including reductions in workforce or heightened employee attrition, changes in economic conditions, mergers or consolidations, reduced spending on benefits programs and other factors, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to attract new clients, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 To increase our revenue, we must continue to attract new clients. Our ability to do so depends in large part on the success of our sales and marketing efforts, and the success of attracting industry leaders in diversified sectors, which could 
 39 

Table of contents 

 prompt others in the same sectors to follow suit to remain competitive. Potential clients may seek out other options; therefore, we must demonstrate that our solutions are valuable and superior to alternatives. If we fail to provide high-quality solutions and convince clients of the benefits of our model and value proposition, we may not be able to attract new clients. The market for our solutions could decline or grow more slowly than we expect, including due to general economic conditions, and high unemployment rates, reductions in workforce or employee attrition, impacts related to outbreaks and resurgences of contagious diseases or worsening thereof, including the COVID-19 pandemic, a decrease in business investments, including spending on employee benefits, and other factors. If the markets for our solutions decline or grow more slowly than we expect, or if the number of clients that contract with us for our solutions declines or fails to increase as we expect, our financial results could be impacted. As the markets in which we participate mature, fertility solutions and services evolve and competitors begin to enter into the market and introduce differentiated solutions or services that are perceived to compete with our solutions, particularly if such competing solutions are adopted by an industry leader in a particular sector, our ability to sell our solutions could be impaired. As a result of these and other factors, we may be unable to attract new clients, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, including variants and resurgences, has had and may continue to have, and similar health epidemics or pandemics could in the future have, an adverse impact on our business, operations, and the markets and communities in which we and our clients, members and providers operate. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, with pockets of resurgence and the emergence of variant strains contributing to continued uncertainty about its scope, duration, severity, trajectory and lasting impact. The pandemic adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, many aspects of our business. Our revenue growth in past periods was negatively impacted by COVID-19, including variants, and our revenue growth in future periods may continue to be adversely impacted by COVID-19.Our providers have delayed and may in the future delay new fertility cycles because they operate in areas acutely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Many of our members live in communities that have been acutely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and have delayed and may not want to continue or begin new fertility cycles during the pandemic, including due to resurgences in and the emergence of variant strains. Furthermore, as certain of our potential clients experience downturns or uncertainty in their own business operations and revenue because of the economic effects resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, they have and may continue to decrease their spending on health benefits, which may disproportionately impact fertility benefits, and delay or cancel implementation of fertility benefits. Each of these factors could affect member behavior, our utilization rates and the number of members enrolled in our clients benefit plans. 
 In addition to the direct and indirect impacts to our business, the economy may continue to be impacted as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including any resurgences in infections, and actions taken in response to it. To the extent a weakened economy impacts clients or members ability or willingness to pay for our benefit, or our vendors , including any pharmacy program partners , ability to provide services to us, we could see our business and results of operations negatively impacted. 
 
 In addition, the pandemic has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption of global financial markets, which could reduce our ability to access capital and could negatively affect our liquidity in the future. Moreover, to the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, financial condition and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, including but not limited to, those related to our ability to expand our customer base and develop and expand our sales and marketing capabilities. 
 
 The global impact of COVID-19, due to variants and resurgences of infections, continues to evolve, and we will continue to monitor the situation closely. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or a similar health epidemic or pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change; and will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including without limitation: the trajectory, duration, scope, severity, and any resurgences of the COVID-19 pandemic; any mandates, in particular as new variants emerge; the public s perception of the safety of the vaccines and other treatments and their willingness to take the vaccines or other treatments; the existence and prevalence of new variants of the virus; the continued impact on worldwide macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates, employment rates and consumer confidence; governmental, business, and individuals actions that have been, and continue to be, taken in response to the pandemic; the effect on our providers, clients and members; changes in demand for our services; our ability to sell and provide our services; the ability of our clients and members to pay for our services; the health of, and the effect on, our workforce; and the potential effects on our internal controls, including our internal control over financial reporting, as a result of changes in working environments for our employees and business partners. There is no guarantee that any future resurgences or future outbreaks of this or any other widespread epidemics or pandemics will not occur, or that the global economy will fully recover, either of which could seriously harm our business. 
 40 

Table of contents 

 A significant change in the level or the mix of the utilization of our solutions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We do not control nor can we impact the level of utilization of our solutions or the mix of utilization of our solutions for each of our clients, in particular for newer clients. A significant reduction in the number of members using our solutions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Factors that have and could continue to contribute to a reduction in the use of our solutions include: reductions in workforce by existing clients; general economic downturn that results in business failures and high unemployment rates; impacts related to outbreaks and resurgence of contagious diseases and/or the worsening thereof, including the COVID-19 pandemic; employers no longer offering comprehensive health coverage or offering alternative solutions such as coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis; labor shortages at our clinics; federal and state legal and/or regulatory changes; changes to taxability of medical benefits; failure to adapt and respond effectively to the changing medical landscape, changing laws, regulations and government enforcement priorities, changing client needs, requirements or preferences; premium increases and benefits changes; or negative publicity through social media or otherwise and news coverage. 
 It is also difficult for us to predict the level or mix of utilization of our services at the member level nor do we have any control over the level or mix of utilization of our services. If the actual utilization of our services by members is significantly greater than budgeted, the client may be responsible for corresponding costs that exceed its planned expenditure. If we cannot help our clients accurately predict the level of utilization by their employees, our clients may turn to alternative solutions, and our business and profitability would be adversely impacted. In addition, higher clinical success rates and other factors could also impact timing and treatment paths, which may result in lower revenue per utilizing member. 
 We have a limited operating history with our current platform of solutions, which makes it difficult to predict our future results of operations. 
 We went live with our fertility benefits solution in 2016 and Progyny Rx in 2018. As a result of our limited operating history with the current platform of solutions, as well as a limited amount of time serving a majority of our client base, our ability to accurately forecast our future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could slow or decline for a number of reasons, including slowing demand for our solutions and fertility benefits in general, change in utilization trends by our members, general economic slowdown, an increase in unemployment, an increase in competition, changes to healthcare trends and regulations, changes to science relating to the fertility market, a decrease in the growth of the fertility market, or our failure, for any reason, to continue to take advantage of growth opportunities. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties and our future revenue growth are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer. 
 We have a history of operating losses and may not sustain profitability in the future. 
 We experienced net losses from 2015 to 2019. For example, our net loss was 8.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. While we have experienced significant revenue growth since 2016, achieved profitability starting in 2020 and currently project future profitability, we cannot guarantee whether we will obtain sufficient levels of sales to sustain our growth or maintain profitability in the future. We also expect our costs and expenses to increase in future periods, which could negatively affect our future results of operations if our revenue does not increase. In particular, we intend to continue to incrementally expand our sales and client success teams to educate potential clients and drive new client adoption, as well as enhance the scope of Progyny benefits within our existing client base. We also expect to incur additional costs as we introduce new solutions and services to enhance our comprehensive family building offering. We will also face increased compliance costs associated with our growth, and the expansion of our client base. In addition, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses related to being a public company. Our efforts to grow our business may be costlier than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue enough to offset our increased operating expenses. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including the other risks described herein, and unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications and delays, and other unknown events. If we are unable to sustain profitability, the value of our business and common stock may significantly decrease. 

41 

Table of contents 

 Changes or developments in the health insurance markets in the United States, including passage and implementation of a law to create a single-payer or government-run health insurance program, could adversely harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our business operates within the public and private sectors of the U.S. health insurance system, which are evolving quickly and subject to a changing regulatory environment, and our future financial performance will depend in part on growth in the market for private health insurance, as our solutions are integrated with health insurance plans offered by insurance carriers for our clients or our clients self-insured plans, as well as our ability to adapt to regulatory developments. Changes and developments in the health insurance system or pharmacy benefit management practices in the United States could reduce demand for our services and harm our business. For example, there has been an ongoing national debate relating to the health insurance system in the United States. Certain elected officials have introduced proposals that would create a new single-payer national health insurance program for all United States residents, replacing virtually all other sources of public and private insurance, to more incremental approaches, or creating a new public health insurance option that would compete with private insurers. Additionally, proposals to establish a single-payer or government-run healthcare system at the state level are regularly introduced, such as in New York and California. At the federal level, President Biden and Congress may consider other legislation and/or executive orders to change elements of the ACA. In June 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states and ruled that the plaintiffs lacked standing to challenge the individual mandate provision, thus leaving the ACA in effect without ruling on the constitutionality of the individual mandate. 
 On January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order that reiterates the policy of the Administration to protect and strengthen the ACA, making high-quality healthcare accessible and affordable to all Americans. The Executive Order directed federal agencies to examine agency actions to determine whether they are consistent with the Administration s commitment regarding the ACA, and begin rulemaking to suspend, revise, or rescind any inconsistent actions. Areas of focus include policies or practices that may reduce affordability of coverage, present unnecessary barriers to coverage, or undermine protections for people with preexisting conditions. We continue to evaluate the effect that the ACA and its possible modifications, repeal and replacement may have on our business. We cannot predict the timing or impact of any future rulemaking, court decisions or other changes in the law. 
 In the event that laws, regulations or rules that eliminate or reduce private sources of health insurance or require such benefits to be taxable are adopted, the subsequent impact on the insurance carriers and/or self-insured plans may in turn adversely impact our ability to accurately forecast future results and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The health benefits industry may be subject to negative publicity, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The health benefits industry may be subject to negative publicity, which can arise from, among other things, increases in premium rates, industry consolidation, cost of care initiatives, drug prices and the ongoing debate over the ACA. In addition, negative publicity may result in increased regulation and legislative review of industry practices, which may further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our profitability. For example, PBM programs and drug rebates have been criticized as leading to a lack of transparency about the true cost of a drug, and certain members of Congress as well as HHS s Office of Inspector General, or OIG, have proposed regulatory changes that could potentially affect our business and operations. Negative public perception or publicity of the health benefits industry in general, the insurance carriers with whom we integrate our solutions, our self-insured employer clients, or us could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If our information technology systems, or those of our provider clinics, specialty pharmacies or other vendors lag, fail or suffer security breaches, we may incur a material disruption of our services or suffer a loss or inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, which could materially impact our business and the results of operations. 
 Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex and interdependent information technology systems, including cloud-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. Our success therefore is dependent in part on our ability to secure, integrate, develop, redesign and enhance our (or contract with vendors to provide) information technology systems that support our business strategy initiatives and processes in a compliant, secure, and cost and resource efficient manner. If we or our provider clinics, specialty pharmacies or other vendors have an issue with our or their respective information technology systems, it may result in a disruption to our operations or downstream disruption to our relationships with our clients or our selective network of high-quality fertility 
 42 

Table of contents 

 specialists. Additionally, if we choose to in source any of the services currently handled by a third party, it may result in technological or operational disruptions. 
 
 In the current environment, there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, employee malfeasance and human or technological error. High-profile security breaches at other companies and in government agencies have increased in recent years. There is the possibility of targeted cyberattacks by foreign countries or entities that could impact United States government and private companies technological infrastructures, some of which we utilize to provide our services. The healthcare industry has seen a shift to an accelerated use of digital and technological platforms, especially due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including its variants. As a result of such shift, there have been and may continue to be more targeted cybersecurity attacks and threats on us, our vendors, provider clinics and specialty pharmacies. Despite the implementation of security measures, including steps designed to secure our technology infrastructure and sensitive data, we can provide no assurance that our current information technology system or any updates or upgrades thereto, the current or future information technology systems of our provider clinics, specialty pharmacies or other vendors, are fully protected against malicious intrusion, malware, computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, information or data theft or other similar risks. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. Even if identified, we may be unable to adequately investigate or remediate incidents or breaches due to attackers increasingly using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. 
 
 We have experienced in the past and expect to continue to experience actual and attempted cyber-attacks of our information technology systems, such as through email phishing scams, spoofing attempts and malicious attachments. Although none of these actual or attempted cyber-attacks has had a material adverse impact on our operations or financial condition, we cannot guarantee that such incidents will not have such an impact in the future. In addition, to the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss or inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, we could incur liability. We have access to sensitive information relating to members, our employees and our business partners in the ordinary course of our business. Any failure or perceived failure by us, or our third-party contractors on our behalf, to comply with local and foreign laws regarding privacy and data security, as well as contractual commitments in this respect, may result in governmental enforcement claims, fines, or litigation, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. If a significant data breach occurred, our reputation could be materially and adversely affected, confidence among our clients and members may be diminished, or we may be subject to legal claims, any of which may contribute to the loss of customers and have a material adverse effect on us. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. To the extent such disruptions or uncertainties result in the theft, destruction, loss or misappropriation or release of our confidential data or our intellectual property, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. See Risks Related to Government Regulation - We operate in a highly regulated industry and must comply with a significant number of complex and evolving legal and regulatory requirements, 
 as well as complex judicial mandates - Data Protection and Breaches. 
 If we fail to offer high-quality support, our reputation could suffer. 
 Our clients rely on our client success personnel and our members rely on our PCAs to resolve issues and realize the full benefits that our solutions and services provide. High-quality support is also important for the renewal and expansion of our services to existing clients. The importance of our support functions will increase as we expand our business and pursue new clients. If we do not help our clients quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to maintain and expand our offerings to existing and new clients could suffer, and our reputation with existing or potential clients could suffer. Further, to the extent that we are unsuccessful in hiring, training and retaining adequate PCAs and client success personnel, our ability to provide adequate and timely support to our members and clients would be negatively impacted, and our members and clients satisfaction with our solutions and services would be adversely affected. 
 Our marketing efforts depend significantly on our ability to receive positive references from our existing clients, channel partners and benefit consultants. 
 Our marketing efforts depend significantly on our ability to call on our current clients, channel partners and benefit consultants to provide positive references to new and potential clients. Given our limited number of long-term clients, the loss or dissatisfaction of any client, channel partnership or benefit consulting relationship could substantially 
 43 

Table of contents 

 harm our brand and reputation, inhibit the market adoption of our offering and impair our ability to attract new clients and maintain existing clients. Any of these consequences could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to effectively develop and expand our marketing and sales capabilities could harm our ability to increase our client base and achieve broader market acceptance of solutions we provide. 
 Our ability to increase our client base and achieve broader market acceptance of solutions we provide will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our marketing and sales capabilities. We plan to continue expanding our direct sales force and to dedicate significant resources to sales and marketing programs, including direct sales, inside sales, targeted direct marketing, advertising, digital marketing, e-newsletter and conference sponsorships. All of these efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources. Our business and results of operations could be harmed if our sales and marketing efforts do not generate significant increases in revenue. We may not achieve anticipated revenue growth from expanding our sales and marketing efforts if we are unable to hire, develop, integrate and retain talented and effective sales personnel, if our new and existing sales personnel, on the whole, are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective. 
 Our future revenue may not grow at the rates they historically have, or at all. 
 We have experienced significant growth since the launch of our fertility benefits solution in 2016. Revenue and our client base may not grow at the same rates they historically have, or they may decline in the future. Our future growth will depend, in part, on our ability to: 
 continue to attract new clients and maintain existing clients; 
 price our solutions and services effectively so that we are able to attract new clients, expand sales to our existing clients and maintain profitability; 
 provide our clients and members with client support that meets their needs, including through dedicated PCAs; 
 maintain successful collection of member cost shares and other applicable receivable balances directly from members; 
 retain and maintain relationships with high-quality and respected fertility specialists; 
 attract and retain highly qualified personnel to support all clients and members; 
 maintain satisfactory relationships with insurance carriers; and 
 increase awareness of our brand and successfully compete with other companies. 
 We may not successfully accomplish all or any of these objectives, which may affect our future revenue, and which makes it difficult for us to forecast our future results of operations. In addition, if the assumptions that we use to plan our business are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our market, it may be difficult for us to maintain profitability. You should not rely on our revenue for any prior quarterly or annual periods as any indication of our future revenue or revenue growth. 
 In addition, we expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on: 
 sales and marketing; 
 our technology infrastructure, including systems architecture, scalability, availability, performance and security; and 
 general administration, including increased legal and accounting expenses associated with being a public company. 
 44 

Table of contents 

 These investments may not result in increased revenue growth in our business. If we are unable to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset the expected increase in our costs, our business, financial position, and results of operations will be harmed, and we may not be able to maintain profitability over the long term. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. 
 If our revenue growth does not meet our expectations in future periods, we may not maintain profitability in the future, and our business, financial position and results of operations may be harmed. 
 If the estimates and assumptions we use to determine the size of the target markets for our services are inaccurate, our future growth rate may be impacted and our business would be harmed. 
 Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts, including those we have generated ourselves, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate, including the risks described herein. Even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 Our estimates of the market opportunity for our services are based on the assumption that the purpose-built, data-driven and disruptive fertility benefits platform with the Smart Cycle plan design we offer will be attractive to employers. Employers may pursue alternatives or may not see the value in providing enhanced fertility-related coverage and services to their employees. In addition, we believe we are helping to expand the size of the fertility market as we enhance demand and increase awareness for fertility benefits. If these assumptions prove inaccurate, or if the increase in awareness of fertility benefits attracts potential competitors to enter the market and results in greater competition, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Furthermore, the healthcare industry is rapidly evolving and the markets for fertility benefits management and the related fertility pharmacy benefits management are relatively immature. It is difficult to predict member utilization rates and demand for our solutions, the entry of competitive solutions or the future growth rate and size of the fertility market, and more specifically the fertility benefits management market and the pharmacy benefits management market. The expansion of the fertility market depends on a number of factors, including, but not limited to: the continued trend of individuals starting families later in life, increase in number of single mothers by choice, adoption of non-traditional paths to parenthood and continued de-stigmatization of infertility. Further, the expansion of the fertility benefits management market and the pharmacy benefits market both depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to: the continued trends of a competitive workforce with employers competing for talent based on benefits that they provide and employers focus on benefits to attract and retain top talent. 
 Additionally, in June 2022 the U.S. Supreme Court in Dobbs v. Jackson Women s Health Organization reversed Roe v. Wade by holding that there is no constitutional right to abortion. Consequently, certain states have enacted or proposed restrictive abortion laws that may also implicate fertility procedures and travel reimbursement programs, which may decrease the demand for, or availability of, certain fertility services. Although President Biden issued executive orders and federal agencies have issued guidance intended to protect access to reproductive healthcare services, the enactment of certain state laws restricting abortion care and other changes in laws, or in interpretation of laws through court decisions, affecting fertility benefits may conflict with, and ultimately limit, the covered benefits offered by a company to its employees and the types of fertility treatment services available at provider clinics. We cannot predict the timing or impact of any future rulemaking, executive orders, court decisions or other changes in the law, or in how such laws, once enacted, would be interpreted and enforced. 
 If fertility benefits management or pharmacy benefits management do not continue to achieve market acceptance, or if there is a reduction in demand caused by a lack of client or member acceptance, a reduction in employers focus on enhancing benefits to employees, weakening economic conditions, data security or privacy concerns, governmental regulation, competing offerings or otherwise, the market for our solutions and services might not continue to develop or might develop more slowly than we expect, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any losses, costs or liabilities may not be covered by, or may exceed the coverage limits of, any or all applicable insurance policies. 
 
 45 

Table of contents 

 We may not be able to successfully manage our growth, and if we are not able to grow efficiently, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 As usage of our solutions grows, we will need to devote additional resources to improving and maintaining our infrastructure. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our internal business systems and our client success and member services personnel to serve our growing client base. Any failure of or delay in these efforts could result in reduced client and member satisfaction, resulting in decreased sales to new clients and lower renewal and utilization rates by existing clients, which could hurt our revenue growth and our reputation. Even if we are successful in these efforts, they will require the dedication of management time and attention. We could also face inefficiencies or service disruptions as a result of our efforts to scale our internal infrastructure. We cannot be sure that the expansion and improvements to our internal infrastructure will be effectively implemented on a timely basis, and such failures could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business experiences seasonality, which may cause fluctuations in our sales and results of operations. 
 Our business experiences moderate seasonality in revenue with a slightly higher proportion of revenue during the second half of the year as compared to the first half. Given that the majority of our clients contract with us for a January 1st benefits plan start date and that the average cost of treatments earlier in the overall treatment process is somewhat lower than the average cost as treatment progresses, our revenue from treatment services tends to grow as the year continues, particularly for new clients. In addition, as with most medical benefits plans, members will typically seek to maximize the use of their benefits once they have reached their annual deductible and/or annual out-of-pocket maximums, thereby increasing treatments in the latter part of the year. We expect that this seasonality will continue to affect our revenue and results of operations in the future as we continue to target larger enterprise clients. 
 In addition, the seasonality of our businesses could create cash flow management risks if we do not adequately anticipate and plan for periods of comparatively decreased cash flow, which could negatively impact our ability to execute on our strategy, which in turn could harm our results of operations. Accordingly, our results for any particular quarter may vary for a number of reasons, and we caution investors to evaluate our quarterly results in light of these factors. 
 If our new solutions and services are not adopted by our clients or members, or if we fail to innovate and develop new offerings that are adopted by our clients, our revenue and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 To date, we have derived a substantial majority of our revenue from sales of our fertility benefits and Progyny Rx solutions. As we operate in an evolving industry and new markets, our long-term results of operations and continued growth will depend on our ability to successfully develop and market new successful solutions and services to our clients. If our existing clients and members do not value and/or are not willing to make additional payments for such new solutions or services, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to predict clients or members preferences, if the markets in which we participate change, including in response to government regulation, or if we are unable to modify our solutions and services on a timely basis, we may lose clients. Our results of operations would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our members, appropriately timed with market opportunity or effectively brought to market. 
 If we fail to adapt and respond effectively to the changing medical landscape, changing laws, regulations and government enforcement priorities, changing client needs, requirements or preferences, our offerings may become less competitive. 
 The market in which we compete is subject to a changing medical landscape and changing laws, regulations and government enforcement priorities, as well as changing client needs, requirements and preferences. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt and respond effectively to these changes on a timely basis. Our business strategy may not effectively respond to these changes, and we may fail to recognize and position ourselves to capitalize on market opportunities. We may not have sufficient advance notice and resources to develop and effectively implement an alternative strategy. There may be scientific or clinical changes that require us to change our solutions or that make our solutions, including the Smart Cycles, less competitive in the marketplace. If there are sensitivities to our model or our existing competitors and new entrants create new disruptive business models and/or develop new solutions that clients and members prefer to our solutions, we may lose clients and members, and our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects may be adversely affected. The future performance of our business will depend in large part on our ability to design and implement market appropriate strategic initiatives, some of which will occur over several years in a dynamic industry. If these initiatives do not achieve their objectives, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 46 

Table of contents 

 If we fail to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to expand our client base will be impaired and our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
 We believe that maintaining and enhancing the Progyny brand is important to support the marketing and sale of our existing and future solutions to new clients and expand sales of our solutions to existing clients. We also believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition in our market increases. Successfully maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, our ability to provide reliable services that continue to meet the needs of our clients at competitive prices, our ability to maintain our clients trust, our ability to continue to develop new solutions, and our ability to successfully differentiate our platform from competitive solutions and services. Our brand promotion activities may not generate client awareness or yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
 If we fail to retain and motivate members of our management team or other key employees, or fail to attract additional qualified personnel to support our operations, our business and future growth prospects could be harmed. 
 Our success and future growth depend largely upon the continued services of our management team and our other key employees, and on our ability to continue to identify, attract, develop, integrate and retain them. From time to time, there are changes in our executive management team or other key employees. Our executive officers and other key employees are employed on an at-will basis, which means that these personnel could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or other key employees, or the failure by our executive team to effectively work with our employees and lead our company could in the future harm our business. 
 In addition, to execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense, especially for experienced sales and client success personnel. There is no guarantee we will be able to attract such personnel or that competition among potential employers will not result in us being required to offer increased salaries or other benefits. From time to time, we have experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or we have breached their legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. In addition, prospective and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, experiences significant volatility, or increases such that prospective employees believe there is limited upside to the value of our equity awards, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain key employees. Additionally, our performance also depends in part on the successful integration of newly hired executive officers or other key employees into their roles. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be harmed. Further, if members of our management and other key personnel in critical functions across our organization are unable to perform their duties or have limited availability, we may not be able to execute on our business strategy and/or our operations may be negatively impacted. 
 If we cannot maintain our company culture as we grow, our success and our business and competitive position may be harmed. 
 We believe our culture has been a key contributor to our success to date and that the critical nature of the mission we are pursuing promotes a sense of greater purpose and fulfillment in our employees. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our culture, and any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel, which is critical to our growth, and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. As we grow and develop the infrastructure of a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain these important aspects of our culture. If we fail to maintain our company culture, our business and competitive position may be harmed. 
 Any litigation against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend and could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We have in the past and may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, such as claims brought by our clients or vendors in connection with commercial disputes or employment claims made by our current or former employees. We are unable to predict the outcome of any legal proceedings. Such proceedings might result in substantial costs, regardless of the outcome, and may divert management s attention and resources, which might seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Insurance 
 47 

Table of contents 

 might not cover litigation claims, might not provide sufficient payments to cover all the costs to resolve one or more such claims, and might not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs, potentially harming our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Relationships with Third Parties 
 Our business depends on our ability to maintain our Center of Excellence network of high-quality fertility specialists and other healthcare providers. If we are unable to do so, our future growth would be limited and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be harmed. 
 Our success is dependent upon our continued ability to maintain a selective Center of Excellence, our proprietary, credentialed network of high-quality fertility specialists. Fertility specialists and our other network providers could refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs, less attractive service for our members or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. Identifying high-quality fertility specialists and other healthcare providers, credentialing and negotiating contracts with them and evaluating, monitoring and maintaining our network, requires significant time and resources. Our network provider arrangements generally may be terminated or not renewed by either party without cause upon prior written notice. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continue to renew our existing contracts or enter into new contracts on a timely basis or under favorable terms enabling us to service our members profitably. If we are not successful in maintaining our relationships with top fertility specialists, these fertility specialists may refuse to renew their contracts with us, and potential competitors may be effective in onboarding these or other high-quality fertility specialists to create a similarly high-quality network. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations. 
 There may be additional shifts in the fertility specialty provider space as the fertility market matures, and high-quality fertility specialists may become more demanding in re-negotiating to remain in our network. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with high-quality fertility specialists and other healthcare providers also may be negatively impacted by other factors not associated with us, such as legal and regulatory changes, including changes in government enforcement priorities, impacting providers or consolidation activity among hospitals, physician groups and healthcare providers. In addition, in some markets and geographies, certain organizations of physicians or healthcare providers, such as practice management companies (which group together physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage), accountable care organizations, clinically integrated networks, independent practice associations, and other organizational structures that physicians and other healthcare providers choose may change the way in which these providers do business with us, and may change the competitive landscape. Such organizations or groups of healthcare providers may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our operations, and our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way that we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations. Healthcare providers in our network may consolidate or merge into other groups or healthcare systems, resulting in a reduction of providers in our network and in the competitive environment. In addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate contracts unfavorable to us or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market our solutions or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected. 
 From time to time, our network providers may assert, or threaten to assert, claims seeking to terminate our contractual arrangements. If enough provider agreements were terminated, such terminations could adversely impact the adequacy of our network to service our members, and may put us at risk of non-compliance with applicable federal and state laws. If we are unable to retain our current provider contract terms or enter into new provider contracts timely or on favorable terms, our profitability may be harmed. In addition, from time to time, we may in the future be subject to class action or other lawsuits by healthcare providers with respect to claims payment procedures, reimbursement policies, network participation, or similar matters. In addition, regardless of whether any such lawsuits brought against us are successful or have merit, they will be time-consuming and costly, and could have an adverse impact on our reputation. As a result, under such circumstances, we may be unable to operate our business effectively. 
 In addition, the perceived value of our solutions and our reputation may be negatively impacted if the services provided by one or more of our fertility specialists or another network healthcare provider are not satisfactory to our members, including as a result of provider error that could result in litigation. For example, if a provider within our network experiences an issue with their cryopreservation techniques or releases sensitive information of our members, it could result in us incurring substantial additional expenses, expose us to public scrutiny, adversely affect our brand and reputation, expose us to litigation and/or regulatory action, and otherwise make our operations vulnerable. Further, if a 
 48 

Table of contents 

 fertility specialist provides services that result in less than favorable outcomes, this could cause us to fail to meet our contractually guaranteed specified service metrics, and we could be obligated to provide the client with a fee reduction. The failure to maintain our selective network of high-quality fertility specialists and other healthcare providers or the failure of those providers to meet and exceed our members expectations, may result in a loss of or inability to grow or maintain our client base, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with, and monitoring of, third parties, including channel partners and vendors, as well as insurance carriers. 
 In order to grow our business, we anticipate that we will continue to depend on our relationships with third parties, including channel partners, vendors and insurance carriers among others. As the fertility management market and our client base grow, if we do not successfully maintain our relationships with insurance carriers, they may make integration more difficult or expensive, such as implementing an onerous fee structure in exchange for our ability to continue to integrate our solutions with their platforms. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with third parties, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired and our results of operations may suffer. 
 In addition, our arrangements with these third parties may expose us to public scrutiny, adversely affect our brand and reputation, expose us to litigation and/or regulatory action, or otherwise make our operations vulnerable if we fail to adequately monitor their performance or if they fail to meet their contractual obligations to us or to comply with applicable laws or regulations. 
 If we fail to maintain an efficient pharmacy distribution network or if there is a disruption to our network of specialty pharmacies or their supply chains, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 
 The timely delivery of fertility prescriptions is essential for fertility treatments. If prescriptions are delivered late or become unavailable, it may result in postponement of a member s treatment cycle and member dissatisfaction with our solutions. We believe that our ability to maintain and grow the adoption of Progyny Rx is highly dependent on our success in maintaining an efficient pharmacy distribution network and our record of on-time delivery. The specialty pharmacies in our network could refuse to contract with us, demand higher drug pricing or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or less attractive services for our members. 
 Specialty pharmacies could face supply chain issues or regulatory delays impacting the availability or distribution of certain fertility prescriptions requiring drug substitutions that could result in higher medical costs or negatively impact our revenues, rebates and results of operations. We do not control the pricing strategies or supply chains of our specialty pharmacy partners, each of whom may be impacted by general economic considerations, including inflation and other independent considerations and drivers that are outside our control, and each of whom has the ability to set or impact market price for different prescription medications. We also cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continue to renew our existing contracts, maintain our current negotiated pricing or discounts, or enter into new contracts on a timely basis or under favorable terms enabling us to service our members profitably. If we are not successful in maintaining our relationships with the specialty pharmacies in our network, are otherwise unable to maintain an efficient pharmacy distribution network, or if a significant disruption thereto should occur, it may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, we experience supply chain disruptions, and we may in the future experience material supply chain changes and disruptions that impact the production and availability of medications relied on by Progyny members, which could negatively impact our revenue and results of operations. 
 If we lose our relationship with one or more key pharmacy program partners, or if the rebates provided by pharmacy program partners decline, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We maintain contractual relationships with select pharmacy program partners, which provide us with access to limited distribution specialty pharmaceutical rebates for drugs we purchase. While we have contractual relationships with such pharmacy program partners, they in turn often negotiate complex and multi-party pricing structures with other industry participants, and we have no control over the policies and strategies implemented in negotiating these pricing structures. Such structures may set or significantly impact market prices for prescription drugs we purchase and associated rebates for such drugs. Pharmacy program partners generally direct medication pricing by setting medication list prices and offering rebates and/or discounts for their medications. Various market considerations such as the number of competitor medications, the availability of fertility medications and alternative treatment options, and negotiated rates among industry participants impact the list prices for medications. Our ability to obtain and maintain specialty pharmaceutical rebates, our relative bargaining power, the value of any such rebates and our ability to generate revenue are directly affected by the 
 49 

Table of contents 

 pricing structures in place among the various industry participants, and changes in medication pricing and in the general pricing structures, whether due to regulatory requirements, competitive pressures or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the consolidation of pharmaceutical manufacturers, the shortages of drugs provided by such manufacturers, the termination or material alteration of our contractual relationships, or our failure to renew such contracts on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our marketing efforts depend on our ability to maintain our relationships with benefits consultants. 
 We sell our solutions through our sales organization and, in many cases, we leverage our relationships with top benefits consultants to establish relationships with potential clients. Our sales team has broad experience in health benefits management and extensive pre-existing long-term relationships with industry participants and benefits executives at large employers. If we fail to maintain our relationships with the benefits consultants, our marketing efforts, business and profitability would be adversely impacted. 
 We are exposed to credit risk from our members . 
 We collect co-payments, co-insurance and deductibles directly from members. We do not require collateral for such receivables. Our failure to collect a significant portion of the amount due on such receivables directly from members could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry and must comply with a significant number of evolving legal and regulatory requirements, as well as complex judicial mandates. 
 We have attempted to structure our operations to comply with laws, regulations and other requirements applicable to us directly and to our clients and vendors, but there can be no assurance that our operations will not be challenged or impacted by regulatory authorities or enforcement initiatives. We have been, and in the future may become, involved in governmental investigations, audits, reviews and assessments. Any determination by a court or agency that our corporate structure, solutions or services violate, or cause our clients or network partners to violate, applicable laws, regulations or other requirements could subject us or our clients to significant administrative, civil or criminal penalties. Such a determination also could require us to change or terminate portions of our business, disqualify us from serving clients in certain states, or clients that do business with government entities, or cause us to refund some or all of our service fees or otherwise compensate our clients. In addition, failure to satisfy laws, regulations or other requirements could adversely affect demand for our solutions and could force us to expend significant capital, research and development and other resources to address the failure. Even an unsuccessful challenge by regulatory, judicial and other authorities or parties could be expensive and time-consuming, could result in loss of business, exposure to adverse publicity, and injury to our reputation and could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract clients. If we fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other requirements, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Such non-compliance could also require significant investment to address and may prove costly. There are several additional federal and state statutes, regulations, guidance and contractual provisions related to or impacting the healthcare industry that may apply to our business activities directly or indirectly, including, but not limited to: 
 Licensing and Licensed Personnel . Many states have licensure or registration requirements for entities acting as a third-party administrator, or TPA, and/or PBMs. The scope of these laws differs from state to state, and the application of such laws to the activities of TPAs and/or PBMs is often unclear. Given the nature and scope of the solutions and services that we provide, we are required to maintain TPA and PBM licenses and registrations in certain jurisdictions and to ensure that such licenses and registrations are in good standing on an annual basis. We are licensed, have licensure applications pending before appropriate regulatory bodies, are exempt from licensure or registration, or believe that we are otherwise authorized under such laws in those states in which we provide our TPA and PBM services. These licenses require us to comply with the rules and regulations of the governmental bodies that issued such licenses, including maintaining certain solvency or bonds requirements. Our failure to comply with such rules and regulations could result in significant administrative penalties, the suspension of a license, or the loss of a license, all of which could negatively impact our business. Additionally, from time to time, legislation is considered that would purport to declare a PBM a fiduciary with respect to its clients. We cannot predict what effect, if any, such statutes, if enacted, may have on our business and financial results. 
 50 

Table of contents 

 Separately, states impose licensing requirements on insurers, risk-bearing entities, and insurance agents, as well as those entities that provide utilization review services. We do not believe that the nature of our services requires us to be licensed under applicable state law. We are unable to predict, however, how our services may be viewed by regulators over time, how these laws and regulations will be interpreted and enforced, or the full extent of their application. If a regulatory authority in any state determines that the nature of our business requires that we be licensed under applicable state laws, we may need to restructure our business to comply with any related requirements, such as maintaining adequate reserves, creating new compliance processes, hiring additional personnel to manage regulatory compliance, and paying additional regulatory fees or penalties, which could adversely affect our results of operation. Additionally, we may need to cease operations until we are able to obtain appropriate licensure, which may adversely affect our revenue for a period of time that we cannot estimate. 
 In addition, we employ PCAs to support and guide our members as part of our fertility benefits management services. The PCAs do not provide any licensed healthcare services, and in turn, are not licensed by any regulatory body to provide these services. We otherwise do not employ individuals to provide any healthcare services requiring licensure. If a professional board in any state determines that the services provided by our employed PCAs require a license to be provided, we may need to conduct additional training and credentialing, replace staff, obtain additional insurance, and pay increased salaries, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We may additionally need to suspend the PCA services we provide while our personnel obtain the necessary licensure, which may adversely affect our relationships with our clients and members and cause us to be in breach of our contracts. 
 HIPAA Privacy and Security Requirements . Regulations promulgated pursuant to HIPAA, as amended, and regulations promulgated thereunder, or collectively, HIPAA establish privacy and security standards that limit the use and disclosure of certain individually identifiable health information (known as protected health information and require the implementation of administrative, physical and technological organizational safeguards to protect the privacy of protected health information and ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of electronic protected health information. The privacy regulations established under HIPAA also provide patients with rights related to understanding and controlling how their protected health information is used and disclosed. As a provider of services to entities subject to HIPAA, we are directly subject to certain provisions of the regulations as a Business Associate. When acting as a Business Associate under HIPAA, to the extent permitted by applicable privacy regulations and contracts and associated Business Associate Agreements with our clients, we are permitted to use and disclose protected health information to perform our services and for other limited purposes, but other uses and disclosures, such as marketing communications, require written authorization from the patient or must meet an exception specified under the privacy regulations. We also have downstream Business Associates, which provide us with services and are also subject to HIPAA regulations. 
 If we, or any of our downstream Business Associates, are unable to properly protect the privacy and security of protected health information entrusted to us, we could be found to have breached our contracts with our clients and be subject to investigation by HHS, Office for Civil Rights, or OCR. In the event OCR finds that we have failed to comply with applicable HIPAA privacy and security standards, we could face civil and criminal penalties. In addition, OCR performs compliance audits of Covered Entities and Business Associates in order to proactively enforce the HIPAA privacy and security standards. OCR has become an increasingly active regulator and has signaled its intention to continue this trend. OCR has the discretion to impose penalties and may require companies to enter into resolution agreements and corrective action plans which impose ongoing compliance requirements. OCR enforcement activity, or a third-party audit related to a HIPAA incident regarding us or a third-party vendor, can result in financial liability and reputational harm, and responses to such enforcement activity can consume significant internal resources. In addition to enforcement by OCR, state attorneys general are authorized to bring civil actions under either HIPAA or relevant state laws seeking either injunctions or damages in response to violations that threaten the privacy of state residents. Although we have implemented and maintain policies, processes and compliance program infrastructure to assist us in complying with these laws and regulations and our contractual obligations, we cannot provide assurance regarding how these laws and regulations will be interpreted, enforced or applied to our operations. In addition to the risks associated with enforcement activities and potential contractual liabilities, our ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations at the federal and state levels also might require us to make costly system purchases and/or modifications or otherwise divert significant resources to HIPAA compliance initiatives from time to time. 
 Other Privacy and Security Requirements . In addition to HIPAA, numerous other federal and state laws govern the collection, dissemination, use, access to and confidentiality of personal information, some of which may be 
 51 

Table of contents 

 applicable to our business. Certain federal and state laws protect types of personal information that may be viewed as particularly sensitive. For example, New York s Public Health Law, Article 27-F protects information that could reveal confidential HIV-related information about an individual. In many cases, state laws are more restrictive than, and not preempted by, HIPAA, and may allow personal rights of action with respect to privacy or security breaches, as well as fines. State laws are contributing to increased enforcement activity and may also be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities. Further, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA, went into effect on January 1, 2020, which gives California residents certain rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches, which has increased the likelihood and risks associated with data breach litigation. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act, or the CPRA, generally went into effect on January 1, 2023 and significantly amends the CCPA. It imposes additional data protection obligations on covered businesses, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It also creates a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. Additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. Similar laws have passed in other states and are continuing to be proposed at the state and federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. The enactment of such laws could have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. 
 Certain of our solutions and services involve the transmission and storage of client and member data in various jurisdictions, which subjects the operation of those solutions and services to privacy or data protection laws and regulations in those jurisdictions. There can be no assurance that such requirements will not change or that we will not otherwise be subject to legal or regulatory actions. These laws and regulations are rapidly evolving and changing, and could have an adverse impact on our operations. These laws and regulations are subject to uncertainty in how they may be interpreted and enforced by government authorities and regulators. The costs of compliance with, and the other burdens imposed by, these and other laws or regulatory actions may increase our operational costs, prevent us from providing our solutions, and/or impact our ability to invest in or jointly develop our solutions. We also may face audits or investigations by one or more government agencies relating to our compliance with these laws and regulations. An adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could result in fines, penalties, other liability, or could result in adverse publicity or a loss of reputation, and adversely affect our business. Any failure or perceived failure by us or by our solutions to comply with these laws and regulations may subject us to legal or regulatory actions, damage our reputation or adversely affect our ability to provide our solutions in the jurisdiction that has enacted the applicable law or regulation. Moreover, if these laws and regulations change, or are interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our policies and processes or the operation of our solutions, we may need to expend resources in order to change our business operations, policies and processes or the manner in which we provide our solutions. This could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Data Protection and Breaches . In recent years, there have been a number of well-publicized data breaches involving the improper dissemination of personal information of individuals both within and outside of the healthcare industry. Laws in all 50 states require businesses to provide notice to clients whose personally identifiable information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. These laws are not consistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is costly. States are also constantly amending existing laws, requiring attention to frequently changing regulatory requirements. Most states require holders of personal information to maintain safeguards and take certain actions in response to a data breach, such as providing prompt notification of the breach to affected individuals or the state s attorney general. In some states, these laws are limited to electronic data, but states increasingly are enacting or considering stricter and broader requirements. 
 Additionally, under HIPAA, Covered Entities must report breaches of unsecured protected health information to affected individuals without unreasonable delay, not to exceed 60 days following discovery of the breach by a Covered Entity or its agents. Notification also must be made to OCR and, in certain circumstances involving large breaches, to the media. Business Associates must report breaches of unsecured protected health information to Covered Entities within 60 days of discovery of the breach by the Business Associate or its agents or such shorter period as set forth in the applicable Business Associate Agreement. A non-permitted use or disclosure of protected health information is presumed to be a breach under HIPAA unless the Covered Entity or Business Associate establishes that there is a low probability the information has been compromised consistent with requirements enumerated in HIPAA. 
 52 

Table of contents 

 Despite our security management efforts with respect to physical and technological safeguards, employee training, vendor (and sub-vendor) controls and contractual relationships, our infrastructure, data or other operation centers and systems used in our business operations, including the internet and related systems of our vendors (including vendors to whom we outsource data hosting, storage and processing functions) are vulnerable to and, from time to time, may experience unauthorized access to data and/or breaches of confidential information due to a variety of causes. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or compromise systems change frequently, are becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, and are often not detected until after an incident has occurred. As a result, we might not be able to anticipate these techniques, implement adequate preventive measures, or immediately detect a potential compromise. If our security measures, some of which are managed by third parties, or the security measures of our service providers or vendors, are breached or fail, it is possible that unauthorized or illegal access to or acquisition, disclosure, use or processing of personal information, confidential information, or other sensitive client, member, or employee data, including HIPAA-regulated protected health information, may occur. A security breach or failure could result from a variety of circumstances and events, including third-party action, human negligence or error, malfeasance, employee theft or misuse, phishing and other social engineering schemes, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, and catastrophic events. 
 If our security measures, or those of our service providers or vendors, were to be breached or fail, our reputation could be severely damaged, adversely affecting client or investor confidence. As a result, clients may curtail their use of or stop using our offering, and our business may suffer. In addition, we could face litigation, damages for contract breach, penalties and regulatory actions for violation of HIPAA and other laws or regulations applicable to data protection and significant costs for remediation and for measures to prevent future occurrences. In addition, any potential security breach could result in increased costs associated with liability for stolen assets or information, repairing system damage that may have been caused by such breaches, incentives offered to clients or other business partners in an effort to maintain the business relationships after a breach and implementing measures to prevent future occurrences, including organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees and engaging third-party experts and consultants. Negative publicity may also result from real, threatened or perceived security breaches affecting us or our industry or clients, which could cause us to lose clients or partners and adversely affect our operations and future prospects. While we maintain cyber insurance covering certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses, we may not carry insurance or maintain coverage sufficient to compensate for all liability and such insurance may not be available for renewal on acceptable terms or at all, and in any event, insurance coverage would not address the reputational damage that could result from a security incident. 
 HIPAA Transaction and Identifier Standards . HIPAA and its implementing regulations mandate format and data content standards and provider identifier standards (known as the National Provider Identifier) that must be used in certain electronic transactions, such as claims, payment advice and eligibility inquiries. HHS has established standards that health plans must use for electronic fund transfers with providers, has established operating rules for certain transactions, and is in the process of establishing operating rules to promote uniformity in the implementation of the remaining types of covered transactions. The ACA also requires HHS to establish standards for health claims attachment transactions. HHS has modified the standards for electronic healthcare transactions (such as, eligibility, claims submission and payment and electronic remittance) from Version 4010/4010A to Version 5010. Further, HHS now requires the use of updated standard code sets for diagnoses and procedures known as the ICD-10 code sets. Enforcement of compliance with these standards falls under HHS and is carried out by CMS . 
 In the event new requirements are imposed, we will be required to modify our systems and processes to accommodate these changes. We will seek to modify our systems and processes as needed to prepare for and implement changes to the transaction standards, code sets operating rules and identifier requirements; however, we may not be successful in responding to these changes, and any responsive changes we make to our systems and processes may result in errors or otherwise negatively impact our service levels. In addition, the compliance dates for new or modified transaction standards, operating rules and identifiers may overlap, which may further burden our resources . 
 Fraud and Abuse Laws . Many of our clients, insurance carriers, and network healthcare providers are impacted directly and indirectly by certain fraud and abuse laws, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the Physician Self-Referral Law, commonly referred to as the Stark Law, and the False Claims Act, as well as their state 
 53 

Table of contents 

 equivalents. Because the solutions and services we provide are not reimbursed by government healthcare payors, such fraud and abuse laws generally do not directly apply to our business; however, some laws may be applicable to us. For example, certain states have anti-kickback and false claims laws that may be broader in scope than analogous federal laws and may apply to items and services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers, self-insured employers and on a cash basis by patients . 
 The laws, regulations and other requirements in this area are both broad and complex and judicial and regulatory interpretation can also be inconsistent. We review our practices with regulatory experts in an effort to comply with all applicable laws, regulatory and other requirements. However, we are unable to predict how these laws, regulations and other requirements will be interpreted or the full extent of their application, particularly to services that are not directly reimbursed by federal and state healthcare programs. Any determination by a federal or state regulatory authority that any of our activities or those of our clients or vendors violate any of these laws or regulations could subject us to significant administrative, civil or criminal penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines or imprisonment, require us to enter into corporate integrity agreements or similar agreements with ongoing compliance obligations, disqualify us from providing services to clients that are, or do business with, government healthcare programs and/or have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even an unsuccessful challenge by a regulatory authority of our activities could result in adverse publicity and could require a costly response from us. 
 State Corporate Practice and Fee-Splitting Prohibitions. There is a risk that regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions may find that our contractual relationships with our fertility specialists violate laws prohibiting the corporate practice of medicine and/or fee-splitting. These laws generally prohibit non-physician entities from practicing medicine, exercising control over physicians or engaging in certain practices such as fee-splitting with physicians. There can be no assurance that these laws will be interpreted in a manner consistent with our practices or that other laws or regulations will not be enacted in the future that could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Regulatory authorities, state medical boards, state attorneys general and other parties, including our network physicians, may assert that we are engaged in the prohibited corporate practice of medicine, and/or that our arrangement with our network providers constitutes unlawful fee-splitting. If a state s prohibition on corporate practice of medicine or fee-splitting law is interpreted in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices, we would be required to restructure or terminate our contractual relationship with our network providers to bring our activities into compliance with such laws, disciplinary action, penalties, damages, fines, and/or a loss of revenue, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. State corporate practice of medicine doctrines and fee-splitting prohibitions also often impose penalties on physicians themselves for aiding the corporate practice of medicine or unlawful fee-splitting, which could discourage physicians from participating in our network of providers . 
 ERISA Regulation . The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, or ERISA, regulates certain aspects of employee health plans, including both insured and self-funded health plans sponsored by our clients, with which we have agreements to provide TPA services. As part of our agreements with a number of these clients, we offer PBM services through Progyny Rx. Because we believe the conduct of our business vis- -vis these plans is not of a fiduciary nature, it is not generally subject to the fiduciary obligations of ERISA. However, there can be no assurance the United States Department of Labor, or the DOL, which is the agency that enforces ERISA, would not in the future assert that the fiduciary obligations imposed by ERISA apply to certain aspects of our operations or courts would not reach such a ruling in private ERISA litigation. ERISA also imposes civil and criminal liability on service providers to health plans subject to ERISA and certain other persons with relationships to such plans if certain forms of illegal or prohibited remuneration are made or received by such service providers or other persons. These provisions of ERISA are similar, but not identical, to the healthcare anti-kickback laws described above, although ERISA lacks the statutory and regulatory safe harbor exceptions incorporated into the healthcare anti-kickback laws. Like the healthcare anti-kickback laws, the corresponding provisions of ERISA are broadly written and their application to particular cases can be uncertain. ERISA plans are subject to certain rules, published by the DOL, including certain reporting requirements for direct and indirect compensation received by plan service providers. Separately, although ERISA generally preempts state laws that relate to ERISA plans, the recent Supreme Court ruling in Rutledge v. Pharm. Care Mgmt. Ass n established that ERISA does not preempt all state laws imposing transparency or other requirements on PBMs . 
 Prompt Pay Laws . Certain states have laws regulating the amount of time that may elapse from when a third-party payor receives a claim for services rendered to when those services are paid. These prompt pay laws may 
 54 

Table of contents 

 impact us as well as our self-insured clients and insurance carriers. Under these prompt pay laws, we may be obligated to pay healthcare providers within established time periods, and such time periods may be shorter than existing contracted terms and/or via electronic transfer. In many states, we are deemed to be exempt from the prompt pay laws, however, we seek to comply with them in each state in which we do business to the extent applicable, and our efforts include the use of controls such as policies and processing systems that ensure we pay claims as quickly as possible and contract language related to timeframes permitted by applicable law. If we do not make payments to healthcare providers in a timely fashion consistent with prompt pay laws, we may be required to pay interest in addition to any amounts owed to such providers. In addition, our reputation may be harmed and our contractual obligations to certain clients may be breached, causing us to lose revenue or otherwise pay penalties under such contracts. 
 Network Adequacy and Access Requirements . Network adequacy and access laws require health plans to maintain a network of healthcare providers sufficient to deliver the benefits they contract to provide to their enrollees. In light of the increase in narrow networks, there has been a legislative push to ensure that commercial payors contract with a sufficient number of healthcare providers to create an adequate network. Additionally, a majority of states now have some form of legislation affecting our payor clients ability to limit access to a provider network or remove a provider from the network. Such legislation may require our clients to admit any healthcare provider, including any pharmacy provider willing to meet the plan s price and other terms for network participation, any willing provider legislation or may provide that a provider may not be removed from a network except in compliance with certain procedures due process legislation. Further, to ensure network adequacy and quality, a network may seek to accredit its healthcare providers through any number of accrediting bodies, such as the National Committee for Quality Assurance, or NCQA, and the Utilization Review Accreditation Commission. We follow NCQA standards to credential the health providers with whom we contract to provide services within our network, and engage Council for Affordable Quality Healthcare to conduct provider credentialing where required. Should any of the states we operate in determine that our network of providers does not meet adequacy or access requirements, we may be subject to administrative penalties and other administrative actions, as well as private litigation. In addition, if we are unable to contract with a sufficient number of providers, we may become subject to administrative penalties or enforcement actions from state regulatory agencies, litigation from consumers, and may be in breach of certain contractual covenants with our partners . 
 Consumer Protection Laws . Federal and state consumer protection laws are being applied increasingly by the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, Federal Communications Commission and states attorneys general to regulate the collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal or health information, through websites or otherwise, and to regulate the presentation of website content. Courts may also adopt the standards for fair information practices promulgated by the FTC, which concern consumer notice, choice, security and access. Consumer protection laws require us to publish statements to users of our services that describe how we handle personal information and choices consumers may have about the way we handle personal information. If such information that we publish is considered untrue, we may be subject to claims of unfair or deceptive trade practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences, including costs of defending against litigation, settling claims and loss of willingness of current and future clients to work with us . 
 Restrictions on Communication . Communications with our members increasingly may be subject to and restricted by laws and regulations governing communications via telephone, fax, text, and email. We also use email and social media platforms as marketing tools. For example, we maintain social media accounts. As laws and regulations, including FTC enforcement, rapidly evolve to govern the use of these platforms and devices, the failure by us, our employees or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these platforms and devices could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations or subject us to fines or other penalties . 
 The healthcare regulatory and political framework is uncertain and evolving. Recent and future developments in the healthcare industry could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 All of our revenue is derived from the healthcare industry, which is highly regulated and subject to changing political, legislative, regulatory and other influences. Healthcare laws and regulations are rapidly evolving and may change significantly in the future. For example, the ACA may affect the coverage and plan designs that are or will be provided by certain insurance carriers and certain of our clients with self-insured plans, taxability of benefits under such plans, as well as the overall reimbursement and drug pricing environment for healthcare providers. Since its enactment, there have been judicial, executive and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA as well as efforts to repeal or replace certain 
 55 

Table of contents 

 aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. 
 Other health reform efforts have been proposed by members of Congress, such as measures that would expand the role of government-sponsored coverage, including further reform to the ACA, which could have far-reaching implications for the healthcare industry if enacted. On January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order directing federal agencies to examine all existing regulations, orders, guidance documents, policies and similar agency actions to determine if any such actions are inconsistent with the policy set forth in the Executive Order to protect and strengthen the ACA and make high-quality healthcare accessible and affordable for every American. Most recently, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, into law. The health reform measures included in the IRA largely focus on pharmaceutical manufacturers, but are likely to impact the reimbursement and drug pricing environment for healthcare providers and insurers more broadly in ways that cannot yet be fully determined. 
 As another example of recent healthcare legislative changes, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, or CAA, effective December 27, 2021, contains provisions impacting group health plans, including protections for plan participants from surprise medical bills and ensuring health plan price transparency. The CAA prohibits plans from entering into services agreements that directly or indirectly restrict the plans from disclosing provider-specific costs and quality of care information. It also requires disclosure by health insurance brokers and consultants to plan sponsors regarding reasonably expected direct and indirect compensation for referral of services to group health plans. Additionally, the CAA requires plans to submit reports to the DOL, HHS and IRS with certain information on pharmacy benefits and drug costs for participants and beneficiaries and the application of in-network rates to out of network services. The CAA also requires certain service providers for health plans to comply with certain ERISA fee disclosure rules. 
 In addition, effective January 1, 2022, the No Surprises Act (enacted as part of the CAA) provides protection against surprise medical bills by prohibiting plans and providers from balance billing patients for emergency care performed by out-of-network providers as well as non-emergency and ancillary services performed by out-of-network providers at in-network facilities, subject to certain notice and consent exceptions for non-emergency and ancillary services. The law also grants additional patient protections, including requiring providers to send a good faith estimate of the expected charges for furnishing items or services to an insured patient s health plan (or directly to an uninsured patient) before such items or services are delivered (including items or services reasonably expected to be provided in conjunction with scheduled items or services or that are reasonably expected to be delivered by another provider). The No Surprises Act also provides a dispute resolution process in the event the actual charges for such items and services are substantially higher than the plan s estimate, and will prohibit providers from charging patients an amount beyond the in-network cost sharing amount for services rendered by out-of-network providers, subject to certain exceptions. Several states have also enacted comprehensive balance billing or surprise billing laws and the CAA defers to existing state requirements with respect to state-established payment amounts. Such state laws vary in their approach, resulting in different impacts on the healthcare system as a whole. 
 We are unable to predict how other healthcare reform initiatives from new legislation, regulation, judicial action and/or executive action, including the CAA and No Surprises Act and state laws, will ultimately impact the healthcare industry and what the potential impact may be on our business and on our relationships with current and future clients, insurance carriers, and healthcare providers. Additionally, we cannot predict the timing or impact of any future rulemaking, court decisions or other changes in the law. If we are unable to comply with these laws or regulations or provide adequate assistance to our clients subject to these laws or regulations, it is reasonably possible that our business operations and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 We are subject to potential changes in laws, regulations, government enforcement priorities, public policy, state and federal judicial action, industry standards and other requirements, including with respect to Progyny Rx s PBM practices, which create risks and challenges with respect to our compliance efforts and business strategies, or the business of our network partners, which may adversely affect our business. 
 The healthcare industry is highly regulated and subject to frequently changing laws, regulations, government enforcement priorities, public policies, industry standards and other requirements. Many healthcare laws and regulations are complex, and their application to specific solutions, services and relationships may not be clear. Because our clients are subject to various requirements, we may be impacted as a result of our contractual obligations even when we are not directly subject to such requirements. In particular, many existing healthcare laws and regulations, when enacted, did not anticipate the solutions and services that we provide, and these laws and regulations may be applied to our solutions and services in ways that we do not anticipate. The ACA, efforts to revise, expand or materially change the ACA, as well as the 
 56 

Table of contents 

 recently enacted IRA, and other federal and state efforts to reform or revise aspects of the healthcare industry or to revise or create additional legal and/or regulatory requirements could impact our operations, the use of our solutions and services, and our ability to market new solutions and services, or could create unexpected liabilities for us. We also may be impacted by laws, industry standards and other requirements that are not specific to the healthcare industry, such as consumer protection laws and payment card industry standards. These requirements may impact our operations and, if not followed, could result in fines, penalties and other liabilities and adverse publicity and injury to our reputation . 
 In recent years, there have been a number of reform efforts, including from federal and state legislatures as well as the HHS OIG, around PBM program pricing and transparency that could affect our business. Current PBM laws and regulations govern, and proposed legislation and regulations may govern and/or further restrict critical PBM practices, among other things, disclosure, receipt and retention of rebates and other payments received from pharmaceutical manufacturers or pharmacy program partners, contractual provisions between PBMs and their contracted payers and/or pharmacies, and registration or licensing of PBMs. For example, in 2019, the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives proposed a number of bills that would, among other things, require PBMs to submit information on their costs, fees and rebates, requiring 100 of the rebates to be passed on to consumers, and/or impose rebates on manufacturers that chose to increase their drug prices more rapidly than inflation. In June 2022, the FTC announced an inquiry regarding the role of PBMs and stated its intent to closely scrutinize the impact of PBM rebates and fees on patients and payers. 
 Further, the U.S. Supreme Court s decision in Rutledge v. Pharm. Care Mgmt. Ass n on December 10, 2020, which held that an Arkansas state law requiring PBMs to reimburse pharmacies at a price equal to or greater than the price pharmacies pay in purchasing medications from a wholesaler, was not preempted by the federal ERISA statute. The Supreme Court s ruling solidifies the legality of state-level legislation regulating PBMs, which may encourage a new wave of legislation aimed at controlling prescription drug costs and providing pricing transparency. For example, effective June 1, 2022, New York enacted a law that establishes regulatory oversight of PBMs. Several states have proposed separate PBM bills, and at least 18 states have adopted PBM oversight laws. A number of these proposed laws would require PBMs to submit annual transparency reports or otherwise disclose contractual arrangements with health benefit plans or health insurance issuers, or allow regulators to conduct audits of PBM operations. 
 Additionally, certain quasi-regulatory organizations, including the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, have issued model regulations or may propose future model regulations concerning PBM operations. PBM credentialing organizations may also establish voluntary standards regarding PBM activities. While the model regulations and standards of these quasi-regulatory or credentialing organizations are not legal requirements, federal and state lawmakers may be influenced to adopt similar legislation and such model regulations and standards may also impact client expectations or requirements for PBM services. PBM operations may also be subject to federal and state fraud and abuse laws. Some states anti-kickback and false claims laws may be broader in scope than analogous federal laws and may apply to items and services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers, self-insured employers and on a cash basis by patients, and may be applicable to us. 
 Accordingly, it is reasonably possible that our business operations and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected by legislative, regulatory and public policy changes at the federal or state level, increased government involvement in drug reimbursement and pricing, and/or increased regulation of PBMs. Adoption of new laws, rules or regulations or changes in government enforcement priorities of, or new interpretations of, existing laws, rules or regulations relating to PBMs could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations with respect to Progyny Rx. Additionally, such legal and regulatory changes may adversely affect our ability to conduct business on commercially reasonable terms in states where PBM legislation is in effect and our ability to standardize Progyny Rx PBM products and services across state lines. Further, our failure to comply with these laws or regulations could result in material fines and/or sanctions and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and/or cash flows. 
 We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, and similar laws, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal or civil liability and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 While we operate only in the United States, we remain subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.S. domestic anti-bribery laws, and other anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees and their third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. If we expand our business and sales outside the United States and to the public sector, we may engage with business partners and third-party intermediaries to market our services and to obtain for us the necessary permits, licenses, and other regulatory 
 57 

Table of contents 

 approvals. In addition, we or our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, partners and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. 
 Detecting, investigating, and resolving actual or alleged violations of anti-corruption laws can require a significant diversion of time, resources, and attention from senior management. In addition, noncompliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery, or anti-money laundering laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, prosecution, enforcement actions, sanctions, settlements, fines, damages, other civil or criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension or debarment from contracting with certain persons, reputational harm, adverse media coverage, and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal proceeding, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any potential sales to government entities are subject to a number of challenges and risks. 
 We may sell our services or solutions to U.S. federal, state, and local government and agency clients. Sales to such entities are subject to a number of challenges and risks. Selling to such entities can be highly competitive, expensive, and time-consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale. Government contracting requirements may change and in doing so restrict our ability to sell into the government sector until we have attained the revised certification. Government demand and payment for our offerings is dependent on many factors outside our control, including general economic conditions, public sector budgetary constraints and funding authorizations, and general political priorities, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our offerings . 
 Further, governmental and highly regulated entities may demand contract terms that differ from our standard arrangements. Such entities may have statutory, contractual, or other legal rights to terminate contracts with us or our partners due to a default or for other reasons. Any such termination may adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our brand and proprietary trade secret and confidential information, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, and maintaining, defending and enforcing our intellectual property rights. We rely on our agreements with our clients, non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties, and our trademarks, trade secrets, and copyrights to protect our intellectual property rights. However, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose our proprietary information, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain, maintain, defend and enforce our intellectual property rights, or that such intellectual property rights will not be challenged, narrowed, held unenforceable or circumvented. Therefore, these legal protections and precautions may not prevent infringement, misappropriation or other violations of our intellectual property. Any litigation and any infringement, misappropriation or other violations of our intellectual property could hinder our ability to market and sell our solutions, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected . 
 If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us and our competitive position would be harmed. 
 Third parties may allege that our products and services, or the conduct of our business, infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate such third party s intellectual property rights. Even if such claims are without merit, defending such claims would cause us to incur substantial expenses and could cause us to pay substantial damages or seek a costly license if we are found to be infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating a third party s intellectual property rights. If we are unable to enter into a license on acceptable terms or at all, we could be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations or be forced to redesign our products or services so that we no longer infringe the third-party intellectual property rights, which may result in significant cost and delay to us, or which redesign could be technically infeasible. 
 58 

Table of contents 

 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our employees and management from their normal responsibilities . 
 Moreover, although we try to ensure that our employees do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of third parties, including such individual s former employer. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management . 
 Furthermore, we currently own registered trademarks. In addition, any of our trademarks or trade names, whether registered or unregistered, may be challenged, opposed, infringed, cancelled, circumvented or declared generic, or determined to be infringing on other marks, as applicable. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition by potential collaborators or clients in our markets of interest. 
 Acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, or alliances could be difficult to identify, pose integration challenges, divert the attention of management, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may in the future seek to acquire or invest in businesses, joint ventures, products and services, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our platform, enhance our technical capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. In addition, Progyny seeks to continue to expand its offerings in preconception, maternity and postpartum, menopause and related offerings. Any such acquisition or investment may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing suitable opportunities, whether or not the transactions are completed, and may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products and services, personnel or operations of the acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of the acquired company choose not to work for us, they are operationally difficult to integrate, or we have difficulty retaining the clients of any acquired business due to changes in ownership, management or otherwise. These transactions may also disrupt our business, divert our resources, and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of our existing business. Any such transactions that we are able to complete may not result in any synergies or other benefits we had expected to achieve, which could result in impairment charges that could be substantial. In addition, we may not be able to find and identify desirable acquisition targets or business opportunities or be successful in entering into an agreement with any particular strategic partner. These transactions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, if the resulting business from such a transaction fails to meet our expectations, or we fail to successfully integrate such businesses into our own, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected or we may be exposed to unknown risks or liabilities . 
 Changes in our effective tax rate or tax liabilities may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Our effective tax rate could be impacted due to several factors, including, but not limited to: 
 changes in the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; 
 changes in tax laws, tax treaties, and regulations or the interpretation of them (such as the recent IRA, which, among other changes, introduced a 15 corporate minimum tax on certain United States corporations and a 1 excise tax on certain stock redemptions by United States corporations); 
 changes to our assessment about our ability to realize our deferred tax assets that are based on estimates of our future results, the prudence and feasibility of possible tax planning strategies, and the economic and political environments in which we do business; 
 the outcome of future tax audits, examinations, or administrative appeals; 
 limitations or adverse findings regarding our ability to do business in some jurisdictions; and 
 discrete impact tax items, including such items resulting from the amount and timing of equity exercises and our stock price. 
 59 

Table of contents 

 Any of these developments could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Certain U.S. state tax authorities may assert that we have a state nexus and seek to impose state and local taxes, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We currently file state tax returns in certain states. There is a risk that certain state tax authorities, where we do not currently file a state tax return, could assert that we are liable for state and local taxes based upon income or gross receipts allocable to such states. States are becoming increasingly aggressive in asserting a nexus for state tax purposes. We could be subject to state and local taxation, including penalties and interest attributable to prior periods, if a state tax authority in which we do not currently file a state tax return successfully asserts that our activities give rise to a taxable nexus. Such tax assessments, penalties and interest may adversely affect our results of operations . 
 We may not be able to utilize a significant portion of our net operating loss or research tax credit carryforwards, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes in any taxable year may be limited if we experience an ownership change. A Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of our stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Future issuances of our stock could cause an ownership change. Any future ownership change, which could be outside of our control, could also have a material effect on the use of our net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes existing at the time of the ownership change, which could adversely affect our profitability . 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, the SEC and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in accounting principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported results of operations and could affect the reporting of transactions already completed before the announcement of a change. The adoption of new or revised accounting principles may require us to make changes to our systems, processes and controls, which could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, cause unexpected financial reporting fluctuations, retroactively affect previously reported results or require us to make costly changes to our operational processes and accounting systems upon or following the adoption of these standards. See Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information on recently issued but not yet adopted accounting standards. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with our accrued receivables related to revenue recognition, accrued claims payable, stock-based compensation expense, and accounting for income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements, and therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 60 

Table of contents 

 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price may be volatile, and the value of our common stock may decline. 
 As tenured investors look to monetize their positions, we have seen large blocks of shares enter the public market over a short period of time. The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and may fluctuate or decline substantially as a result of this and a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to: 
 high volume of direct sales into the market by large investors; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition or results of operations; 
 publications of research or other reports about us or our industry, including those which may contain inaccurate or misleading information, financial estimates about us, changes in recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 
 changes in the pricing of our solutions and services; 
 changes in our projected operating and financial results; 
 general economic, industry, and market conditions; 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to our products and solutions; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant business developments, acquisitions, or new offerings; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 significant data breaches of our company, providers, vendors or pharmacies; 
 our involvement in litigation or threats of litigation against us; 
 future sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 changes in senior management or key personnel; 
 the trading volume of our common stock; 
 war, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events; and 
 changes in the anticipated future size and growth rate of our market. 
 Broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory, and market conditions, including those related to the COVID-19 pandemic, may also negatively impact the market price of our common stock. Fluctuations in our quarterly operating results and the price of our common stock may be particularly pronounced in the current economic environment, including due to the uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. These and other factors may cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result in substantial expenses and divert our management s attention. 
 An active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. 
 An active public trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. The lack of an active market may impair your ability to sell your shares at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. The lack of an active market may also reduce the fair value of your shares. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise 
 61 

Table of contents 

 capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration. 
 We expect fluctuations in our financial results, making it difficult to project future results, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors with respect to our results of operations, our stock price and the value of your investment could decline. 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, our past results may not be indicative of our future performance. In addition to the other risks described herein, factors that may affect our results of operations include the following: 
 fluctuations in demand for or pricing of our solutions; 
 level and mix of utilization of our solutions by members; 
 our ability to attract new clients; 
 our ability to retain our existing clients; 
 client expansion rates; 
 changes in clients budgets and in the timing of their budget cycles and purchasing decisions; 
 our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses and healthcare costs; 
 the amount and timing of payment for operating expenses, particularly sales and marketing expenses; 
 the amount and timing of non-cash expenses, including stock-based compensation expense, goodwill impairments and other non-cash charges; 
 the amount and timing of costs associated with recruiting, training and integrating new employees and retaining and motivating existing employees; 
 general economic conditions, as well as economic conditions specifically affecting industries in which our clients participate, including those related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 the impact of new accounting pronouncements; 
 changes in the competitive dynamics of our market, including consolidation among competitors or clients; and 
 significant security breaches of, technical difficulties with, or interruptions to, the delivery and use of our solutions and services. 
 Any of these and other factors, or the cumulative effect of some of these factors, may cause our results of operations to vary significantly. For example, the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic could result in adverse changes in our results of operations for an unknown period of time. If our quarterly results of operations fall below the expectations of investors and securities analysts who follow our stock, the price of our common stock could decline substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. 
 As a result of being a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, and any failure to maintain the adequacy of this internal control may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 ), to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and our independent registered public accounting firm is required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. To maintain compliance with Section 404, we perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our 
 62 

Table of contents 

 Annual Report on Form 10-K filing for each year, as required by Section 404. Our existing management team has and will continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives, and we may need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience to assist us in ongoing compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time consuming and costly. 
 During the evaluation and testing process of our internal control, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to certify that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. For example, in connection with our audit of the fiscal year 2018 consolidated financial statements, we and our independent registered public accounting firm identified one material weakness in our controls related to the lack of review and oversight over financial reporting, which we determined we had remediated as of December 31, 2019. We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines that we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Future sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by us or our stockholders, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 
 We have registered all of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options or other equity awards we may grant in the future, for public resale under the Securities Act. Accordingly, these shares will be eligible for sale in the public market to the extent such options are exercised and restricted stock units are vested, in compliance with applicable securities laws . 
 Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans or otherwise will dilute the ownership interests of all other stockholders . 
 We expect to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We expect to grant equity awards to employees, directors and consultants under our equity incentive plans. We may also raise capital through equity financings in the future. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in businesses, joint ventures, products and services, or technologies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of additional capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline . 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research, about our business, the market price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock will be heavily influenced by the way analysts interpret our financial information and other disclosures. We do not have control over these analysts. If securities analysts or industry analysts cease coverage of us, our stock price would be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, downgrade our common stock, or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price would likely decline and the trading volume of our common stock could decrease. We have experienced and may in the future experience analyst coverage reduction due to analysts leaving firms, changing firms or going on temporary leaves of absences. Such reduction in analyst coverage, even if temporary, could lead to volatility in our stock price. 
 63 

Table of contents 

 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and, as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Accordingly, you may need to rely on sales of our common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on your investment . 
 We incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. 
 As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur prior to our initial public offering. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market, or Nasdaq, and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Effective January 1, 2021, we became a large accelerated filer under SEC reporting rules and are required to file our annual report and quarterly reports more quickly than we previously had been required to file them, which may require us to dedicate additional resources to the timely filing of such reports. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we incur as a public company or the specific timing of such costs . 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: 
 authorize our Board of Directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated preferred stock with terms, rights, and preferences determined by our Board of Directors that may be senior to our common stock; 
 require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 
 specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our Board of Directors, the chairperson of our Board of Directors, or our chief executive officer; 
 establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our Board of Directors; 
 establish that our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving three-year staggered terms; 
 prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; 
 provide that our directors may be removed for cause only upon the vote of at least 66 and 2/3 of our outstanding shares of voting stock; 
 provide that vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; and 
 require the approval of our Board of Directors or the holders of at least 66 and 2/3 of our outstanding shares of voting stock to amend our amended and restated bylaws and certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 64 

Table of contents 

 These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our Board of Directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, which generally, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. Any of the foregoing provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, and they could deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you would receive a premium for your shares of our common stock in an acquisition . 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the state courts in the State of Delaware or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could discourage lawsuits against us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware, or if all such state courts lack jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (2) any action asserting a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee to us or our stockholders; (3) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees arising out of or pursuant to any provisions of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws; (4) any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; (5) any action or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; or (6) any action asserting a claim against us, or any of our directors, officers or other employees, that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. For the avoidance of doubt, these choice of forum provisions will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In particular, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. 
 These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees and may discourage these types of lawsuits. A stockholder may, nevertheless, seek to bring a claim in a venue other than that designated in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In such instance we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions, which may result in significant additional costs. Furthermore, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 
 Unstable market and economic conditions may impact our ability to obtain any necessary financing and adversely impact our business, financial condition and stock price. 
 The global economy, including financial and credit markets, has recently experienced volatility and uncertainty, including rising interest and inflation rates, declines in economic growth, and declines in global equity markets. If the equity and credit markets continue to deteriorate, or the United States enters a recession, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain in a timely manner or on favorable terms, more costly or more dilutive. As a result, our business, results of operations, and price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 
 
 Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from the SEC regarding environmental, social and governance practices and reporting could cause us to incur additional costs, devote additional resources and expose us to additional risks, which could adversely impact our reputation, or otherwise adversely impact our business. 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny related to their environmental, social and governance, or ESG, practices and reporting. The SEC and investors have focused increasingly on ESG practices and placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of ESG reporting. With this increased focus and demand, public reporting regarding ESG practices is becoming more broadly expected. Expectations regarding voluntary ESG 
 65 

Table of contents 

 initiatives and disclosures may result in increased costs, changes in demand for certain offerings, enhanced compliance or disclosure obligations, or other adverse impacts to our business, financial condition or results of operations. We may provide information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or our other filings with the SEC that are informed by various ESG standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of underlying data) and the interest of various stakeholders. Much of this information is subject to assumptions, estimates or third-party information that is still evolving and subject to change, and our disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements, availability of information, changes in our business or applicable government policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. If our ESG practices and reporting do not meet or are viewed as not meeting SEC, investor or other industry or stakeholder expectations, which continue to evolve, our brand, reputation and investor retention may be negatively impacted. It is possible that stakeholders may not be satisfied with our ESG practices or the speed of their adoption. We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report, implement, enhance and comply with various ESG practices and standards. Also, our failure, or perceived failure to meet the standards included in any ESG disclosure could negatively impact our reputation, employee recruiting and retention, and the willingness of our customers and suppliers to do business with us. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 Net Settlement of Equity Awards 
 Our restricted stock units are subject to vesting and the underlying shares of common stock are issued when the restricted stock units vest. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, we withheld shares through net settlements (where the award holder receives the net of the shares vested, after surrendering a portion of the shares back to the Company for tax withholding) for certain restricted stock units that vested. 
 Share Repurchase Programs 
 On February 29, 2024, the Company announced the February 2024 share repurchase program of up to 100 million in shares of common stock. On May 22, 2024, the Company announced the May 2024 share repurchase program of up to an additional 100 million in shares of common stock. On August 6, 2024, the Company announced the August 2024 share repurchase program of up to an additional 100 million in shares of common stock. Repurchases under all programs may be in the form of open market repurchases, including through plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, depending on stock price, market conditions, and other factors, as determined by the Company. There can be no assurance as to the number of shares to be repurchased by the Company. 
 The following table provides a summary of share repurchase activity as well as shares surrendered back to the Company for tax withholding on restricted stock units that vested under our equity incentive plans during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Amount of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in thousands) July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 520,141 28.41 488,721 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 654,830 21.75 620,939 86,500 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 1,730,935 19.94 1,707,530 52,501 Total shares repurchased 2,905,906 21.86 2,817,190 
 (1) Includes share repurchases and shares withheld on net settlements of restricted stock units that vested under our equity incentive plans. 
 66 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 a. On November 11, 2024, Beth Seidenberg M.D. notified the Board of Directors of the Company of her resignation of service as a director of the Company, effective November 25, 2024. Dr. Seidenberg s decision to resign is not the result of a disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices; rather, in her discussion with management regarding the reason for her resignation, Dr. Seidenberg stated that she wished to reduce the overall number of boards of directors of public companies on which she currently serves. The Company deeply appreciates the dedicated service of Dr. Seidenberg during her tenure on the Board of Directors. 
 On November 5, 2024, the Board of Directors approved and adopted, effective immediately upon adoption, the Company s Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (as amended and restated, the Bylaws ). The amendments, among other things: 
 
 modify the Bylaws to align to the DGCL as a result of recent amendments, including provisions related to accessing the Company s stockholder list; 
 
 update the Bylaws in accordance with the universal proxy rules, including requiring stockholders providing notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, to provide reasonable evidence to the Company that they have complied with certain requirements under the universal proxy rules no later than five days prior to the applicable stockholder meeting; 
 
 clarify the requirements with respect to notice of stockholder nominations and proposals, including provisions regarding the information, representations and acknowledgments to be provided in such notices by proposing stockholders, proposed nominees and other persons related to a stockholder s solicitation of proxies, including an acknowledgment that if the proposing stockholder does not appear to present a nomination or proposal at the meeting, the Company need not present such nomination or proposal for a vote at such meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination or proposal may have been received by the Company; 
 
 limit the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate to the number of directors to be elected at the meeting; 
 
 require that a stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders use a proxy card color other than white; and 
 
 clarify that any previously scheduled annual meeting of stockholders may be postponed, rescheduled or cancelled by action of the Board of Directors. 
 
 In addition, certain other technical, ministerial, clarifying and conforming changes were made to the Bylaws, including clarifying the existing voting standard for certain matters at any meeting of stockholders. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Bylaws, a copy of which is filed hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 b. None. 
 c. None. 
 
 67 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed/Furnished Herewith 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 _____________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 68 

Table of contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Progyny, Inc. 
 Registrant 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Peter Anevski Peter Anevski Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Mark Livingston Mark Livingston Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 69 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 pgny-20240930xex31.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 
 Exhibit 3.1 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 OF 
 PROGYNY, INC. 
 (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) 

ARTICLE I 
 OFFICES 
 
 SECTION 1. Registered Office . The registered office shall be established and maintained at the office of Corporation Service Company, Inc., in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, in the State of Delaware, and said corporation, or other such person or entity as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate, shall be the registered agent of the corporation. 
 
 SECTION 2. Other Offices . The corporation shall also have and maintain an office or principal place of business at such place as may be fixed by the Board of Directors, and may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 CORPORATE SEAL 
 
 SECTION 3. Corporate Seal . The Board of Directors may adopt a corporate seal. If adopted, the corporate seal shall consist of a die bearing the name of the corporation and the inscription, Corporate Seal-Delaware. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 
 
 SECTION 4. Place of Meetings . Meetings of the stockholders of the corporation may be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as provided under the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time (the DGCL ). 
 
 SECTION 5. Annual Meetings . 
 
 (a) The annual meeting of the stockholders of the corporation, for the purpose of election of directors and for such other business as may properly come before it, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. Any previously scheduled annual meeting of stockholders may be postponed, rescheduled or cancelled by action of the Board of Directors prior to the time previously scheduled for such annual meeting of the stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the corporation and the proposal of business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) pursuant to the corporation s notice of meeting of stockholders (with respect to business other than nominations) (ii) brought specifically by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) by any stockholder of the 
 
 2 

corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving the stockholder s notice provided for in Section 5(b) below, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 5. For the avoidance of doubt, clause (iii) above shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations and submit other business (other than matters properly included in the corporation s notice of meeting of stockholders and proxy statement under Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the 1934 Act )) before an annual meeting of stockholders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws shall be eligible for election as directors. 
 
 (b) At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as is a proper matter for stockholder action under Delaware law and as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. 
 
 (1) For nominations for the election to the Board of Directors to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 5(a) of these Bylaws, the stockholder must deliver written notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation on a timely basis as set forth in Section 5(b)(3) and must update and supplement such written notice on a timely basis as set forth in Section 5(c). The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at an annual meeting of the stockholders (or in the case of a stockholder giving notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting of the stockholders on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such annual meeting of the stockholders. Such stockholder s notice shall set forth and include the following information and or documents, as applicable (A) as to each nominee such stockholder proposes to nominate at the meeting (1) the name, age, business address and residence address of such nominee, (2) the principal occupation or employment of such nominee, (3) the class and number of shares of each class of capital stock of the corporation which are owned of record and beneficially by such nominee, (4) the date or dates on which such shares were acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition, (5) a statement whether such nominee, if elected, intends to tender, promptly following such person s failure to receive the required vote for election or re-election at the next meeting at which such person would face election or re- election, an irrevocable resignation effective upon acceptance of such resignation by the Board of Directors, (6) a completed questionnaire, representation and agreement required by this Section 5 signed by such nominee, (7) in the case of a nomination to elect one or more directors to the Board of Directors, a representation that, if the Proponent (as defined below) intends to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the corporation s nominees, the Proponent will (i) solicit proxies from holders of the outstanding capital stock of the corporation representing at least sixty-seven percent (67 of the voting power of shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote on the election of directors, (ii) include a statement to that effect in its proxy statement and or the form of proxy, (iii) otherwise comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the 1934 Act and (iv) provide the Secretary not less than five (5) days prior to the annual meeting of the stockholders or any adjournment, rescheduling or postponement thereof, with reasonable documentary evidence (as determined by the Secretary in good faith) that such Proponent complied with such representation, (8) a written representation 
 
 3 

and agreement from each nominee that such nominee (i) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question if such agreement, arrangement or understanding has not been disclosed to the corporation, or if such agreement, arrangement or understanding could limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the corporation, with such person s fiduciary duties under applicable law, (ii) has not been during the past three years, is not, and may not become, a party to any compensatory, payment, indemnification or other financial agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the corporation in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the corporation, (iii) intends to serve as a director of the corporation for the full term for which such nominee is to stand for election, and (iv) will comply with all of the corporation s corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines, and any other corporation policies and guidelines applicable to directors, and (9) such other information concerning such nominee as would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the election of such nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or that is otherwise required to be disclosed pursuant to Section 14 of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including such person s written consent to being named in any proxy statement and other proxy materials for the applicable meeting as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected) and (B) the information required by Section 5(b)(4). The corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder s understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such proposed nominee. 
 
 (2) Other than proposals sought to be included in the corporation s proxy materials pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act, for business other than nominations for the election to the Board of Directors to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 5(a) of these Bylaws, the stockholder must deliver written notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation on a timely basis as set forth in Section 5(b)(3), and must update and supplement such written notice on a timely basis as set forth in Section 5(c). Such stockholder s notice shall set forth (A) as to each matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting, (B) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and, in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of such proposed amendment), (C) any material interest (including any anticipated benefit of such business to any Proponent (as defined below) other than solely as a result of its ownership of the corporation s capital stock, that is material to any Proponent individually, or to the Proponents in the aggregate) in such business of any Proponent, and (D) the information required by Section 5(b)(4). 
 
 (3) To be timely, the written notice required by Section 5(b)(1) or 5(b)(2) must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later 
 
 4 

than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting provided that, subject to the last sentence of this Section 5(b)(3), in the event that no annual meeting was held during the preceding year or the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than thirty (30) days prior to or delayed by more than thirty (30) days after the anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. In no event shall an adjournment or a postponement of an annual meeting for which notice has been given, or the public announcement thereof has been made, commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 
 (4) The written notice required by Section 5(b)(1) or 5(b)(2) shall also set forth, as of the date of the notice and as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (each, a Proponent and collectively, the Proponents (A) the name and address of each Proponent, as they appear on the corporation s books (B) the class, series and number of shares of the corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially and of record by each Proponent (C) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether oral or in writing) with respect to such nomination or proposal between or among any Proponent and any of its affiliates or associates, and any others (including their names) acting in concert, or otherwise under the agreement, arrangement or understanding, with any of the foregoing (D) a representation that the Proponents are holders of record or beneficial owners, as the case may be, of shares of the corporation entitled to vote at the meeting and intend to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice (with respect to a notice under Section 5(b)(1)) or to propose the business that is specified in the notice (with respect to a notice under Section 5(b)(2)) and an acknowledgement that if such Proponents do not appear to present such nomination or business at the meeting, the corporation need not present such nomination or business for a vote at such meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination or business may have been received by the corporation (E) a representation as to whether the Proponents intend to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a sufficient number of the corporation s voting shares to elect such nominee or nominees (with respect to a notice under Section 5(b)(1)) or to carry such proposal (with respect to a notice under Section 5(b)(2)) (F) to the extent known by any Proponent, the name and address of any other stockholder supporting the proposal on the date of such stockholder s notice and (G) a description of all Derivative Transactions (as defined below) by each Proponent during the previous twelve (12) month period, including the date of the transactions and the class, series and number of securities involved in, and the material economic terms of, such Derivative Transactions. 
 
 (c) A stockholder providing written notice required by Section 5(b)(1) or 5(b)(2) shall update and supplement such notice in writing, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice is true and correct in all material respects as of 
 
 5 

(i) the record date for the meeting and (ii) the date that is five (5) business days prior to the meeting and, in the event of any adjournment or postponement thereof, five (5) business days prior to such adjourned or postponed meeting. In the case of an update and supplement pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 5(c), such update and supplement shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for the meeting. In the case of an update and supplement pursuant to clause (ii) of this Section 5(c), such update and supplement shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than two (2) business days prior to the date for the meeting, and, in the event of any adjournment or postponement thereof, two (2) business days prior to such adjourned or postponed meeting. If a Proponent provides notice on behalf of itself and or any beneficial owner intending to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the corporation s nominees no longer intends to solicit proxies in accordance with its representation pursuant to Section 5(b)(1)(A)(8), such stockholder and or beneficial owner shall inform the corporation of this change by delivering a writing to the Secretary no later than two (2) business days after the occurrence of such change. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything in Section 5(b)(3) to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors in an Expiring Class is increased and there is no public announcement of the appointment of a director to such class, or, if no appointment was made, of the vacancy in such class, made by the corporation at least ten (10) days before the last day a stockholder may deliver a notice of nomination in accordance with Section 5(b)(3), a stockholder s notice required by this Section 5 and which complies with the requirements in Section 5(b)(1), other than the timing requirements in Section 5(b)(3), shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions in such Expiring Class created by such increase, if it shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the corporation. For purposes of this section, an Expiring Class shall mean a class of directors whose term shall expire at the next annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 (e) A person shall not be eligible for election or re-election as a director unless the person is nominated in accordance with this Article II. Except as otherwise required by law, the chairperson of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made, or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and, if (i) any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with these Bylaws, (ii) the Proponent does not act in accordance with the representations in Sections 5(b)(4)(D) and 5(b)(4)(E), or (iii) the stockholder does not appear in person at the annual or special meeting of the stockholders, as applicable, (or virtually, if no in person meeting in held) to present such proposed nomination or business, in each case, to declare that such proposal or nomination shall not be presented for stockholder action at the meeting and shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nominations or such business may have been solicited or received. 
 
 (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5, in order to include information with respect to a stockholder proposal in the proxy statement and form of 
 
 6 

proxy for a stockholders meeting, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act provided that any references in these Bylaws to the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to proposals and or nominations to be considered pursuant to Section 5(a)(iii) of these Bylaws. 
 
 (g) For purposes of Sections 5 and 6, 
 
 (1) affiliates and associates shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act 
 
 (2) a Derivative Transaction means any agreement, arrangement, interest or understanding entered into by, or on behalf or for the benefit of, any Proponent or any of its affiliates or associates, whether record or beneficial 
 
 (i) the value of which is derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares or other securities of the corporation, 
 
 (ii) which otherwise provides any direct or indirect opportunity to gain or share in any gain derived from a change in the value of securities of the corporation, 
 
 (iii) the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss, manage risk or benefit of security value or price changes, or 
 
 (iv) which provides the right to vote or increase or decrease the voting power of, such Proponent, or any of its affiliates or associates, with respect to any securities of the corporation, which agreement, arrangement, interest or understanding may include, without limitation, any option, warrant, debt position, note, bond, convertible security, swap, stock appreciation right, short position, profit interest, hedge, right to dividends, voting agreement, performance-related fee or arrangement to borrow or lend shares (whether or not subject to payment, settlement, exercise or conversion in any such class or series), and any proportionate interest of such Proponent in the securities of the corporation held by any general or limited partnership, or any limited liability company, of which such Proponent is, directly or indirectly, a general partner or managing member and 
 
 (3) public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act. 

7 

SECTION 6. Special Meetings . 
 
 (a) Special meetings of the stockholders of the corporation may be called, for any purpose as is a proper matter for stockholder action under Delaware law, by (i) the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, or (iii) the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board of Directors for adoption). 
 
 (b) The Board of Directors shall determine the time and place, if any, of such special meeting. Upon determination of the time and place, if any, of the meeting, the Secretary shall cause a notice of meeting to be given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9 of these Bylaws. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in the notice of meeting. 
 
 (c) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) by any stockholder of the corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving notice provided for in this paragraph, who shall be entitled to vote at the meeting and who delivers written notice to the Secretary of the corporation setting forth the information required by Section 5(b)(1). The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at a special meeting of the stockholders (or in the case of a stockholder giving notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at a special meeting of the stockholders on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such special meeting of the stockholders. In the event the corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board of Directors, any such stockholder of record may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be), for election to such position(s) as specified in the corporation s notice of meeting, if written notice setting forth the information required by Section 5(b)(1) of these Bylaws shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. The stockholder shall also update and supplement such information as required under Section 5(c). In no event shall an adjournment or a postponement of a special meeting for which notice has been given, or the public announcement thereof has been made, commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Article II, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to matters set forth in Sections 5 and 6. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act provided that any references in these Bylaws to the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations 
 
 8 

thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations for the election to the Board of Directors to be considered pursuant to Article II of these Bylaws. 
 
 SECTION 7. Notice of Meetings . Except as otherwise provided by law, notice, given in writing or by electronic transmission, of each meeting of stockholders shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, such notice to specify the place, if any, date and hour, in the case of special meetings, the purpose or purposes of the meeting, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at any such meeting. If mailed, notice is deemed given when deposited in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the corporation. If sent via electronic transmission, notice is given as of the sending time recorded at the time of transmission. Notice of the time, place, if any, and purpose of any meeting of stockholders may be waived in writing, signed by the person entitled to notice thereof, or by electronic transmission by such person, either before or after such meeting, and will be waived by any stockholder by his, her or its attendance thereat in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy, except when the stockholder attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting shall be bound by the proceedings of any such meeting in all respects as if due notice thereof had been given. 
 
 SECTION 8. Quorum . At all meetings of stockholders, except where otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws, the presence, in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy duly authorized, of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, provided, however, that where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or classes or series, present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. In the absence of a quorum, any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned, from time to time, either by the chairperson of the meeting or by vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares represented thereat, but no other business shall be transacted at such meeting. The stockholders present at a duly called or convened meeting, at which a quorum is present, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. 
 
 SECTION 9. Voting . Except as otherwise provided by statute or by applicable stock exchange rules, or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, as applicable, (a) for the purpose of determining those stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of the stockholders, only persons in whose names shares stand on the stock records of the corporation on the record date, as provided in Section 13, shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of the stockholders, (b) the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting and 
 
 9 

entitled to vote generally on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders provided that directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote generally on the election of directors, and (c) the affirmative vote of a majority (plurality, in the case of the election of directors) of shares of such class or classes or series present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of such class or classes or series. For purposes of this Section 9, a vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares cast shall mean that the number of votes cast for a matter exceeds 50 of the number of votes cast with respect to that matter. Votes cast shall include votes against the matter and shall exclude abstentions and broker non- votes with respect to that matter, but abstentions and broker non-votes will be considered for purposes of establishing a quorum under Section 8. 
 
 SECTION 10. Adjournment and Notice of Adjourned Meetings . Any meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special and whether or not there is a quorum, may be adjourned from time to time either by the chairperson of the meeting or by the vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, if any, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 
 
 SECTION 11. Voting Rights Proxies . Every person entitled to vote shall have the right to do so either in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by an agent or agents authorized by a proxy granted in accordance with Delaware law. An agent so appointed need not be a stockholder. No proxy shall be voted after three (3) years from its date of creation unless the proxy provides for a longer period. Subject to the limitation set forth in the preceding sentence, a duly executed proxy that does not state that it is irrevocable shall continue in full force and effect unless (a) revoked by the person executing it, before the vote pursuant to that proxy, by a writing delivered to the corporation stating that the proxy is revoked or by a subsequent proxy executed by, or attendance at the meeting and voting in person by, the person executing the proxy, or (b) written notice of the death or incapacity of the maker of that proxy is received by the corporation before the vote pursuant to that proxy is counted. Every proxy is revocable at the pleasure of the stockholder executing it unless the proxy states that it is irrevocable and applicable law makes it irrevocable. In the event the corporation receives proxies for disqualified or withdrawn nominees for the Board of Directors, such votes for disqualified or withdrawn nominees in the proxies will be treated as abstentions. To the extent any stockholder uses its own proxy card in connection with directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders, such proxy card must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 

10 

SECTION 12. Joint Owners of Stock . If shares or other securities having voting power stand of record in the names of two (2) or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members of a partnership, joint tenants, tenants in common, tenants by the entirety, or otherwise, or if two (2) or more persons have the same fiduciary relationship respecting the same shares, unless the Secretary is given written notice to the contrary and is furnished with a copy of the instrument or order appointing them or creating the relationship wherein it is so provided, their acts with respect to voting shall have the following effect (a) if only one (1) votes, his or her act binds all (b) if more than one (1) votes, the act of the majority so voting binds all (c) if more than one (1) votes, but the vote is evenly split on any particular matter, each faction may vote the securities in question proportionally, or may apply to the Delaware Court of Chancery for relief as provided in the DGCL Section 217(b). If the instrument filed with the Secretary shows that any such tenancy is held in unequal interests, a majority or even-split for the purpose of subsection (c) shall be a majority or even-split in interest. 
 
 SECTION 13. List of Stockholders . The Secretary shall prepare and make, no later than ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at said meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least ten (10) days ending on the day before the meeting date (a) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (b) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the corporation. In the event that the corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the corporation. 
 
 SECTION 14. Action without Meeting . No action shall be taken by the stockholders except at an annual or special meeting of stockholders called in accordance with these Bylaws, and no action shall be taken by the stockholders by written consent or by electronic transmission. 
 
 SECTION 15. Organization . 
 
 (a) At every meeting of stockholders, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairperson has not been appointed or is absent, the President, or, if the President is absent, a chairperson of the meeting chosen by a majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote, present in person or by proxy, shall act as chairperson. The Secretary, or, in his or her absence, an Assistant Secretary directed to do so by the President, shall act as secretary of the meeting. 
 
 (b) The Board of Directors of the corporation shall be entitled to make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it shall deem necessary, appropriate or convenient. Subject to such rules and regulations of the Board of Directors, if any, the chairperson of the meeting shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairperson, are 
 
 11 

necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, establishing an agenda or order of business for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present, limitations on participation in such meeting to stockholders of record of the corporation and their duly authorized and constituted proxies and such other persons as the chairperson shall permit, restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants and regulation of the opening and closing of the polls for balloting on matters which are to be voted on by ballot. The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chairperson of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 DIRECTORS 
 
 SECTION 16. Number and Term of Office . The authorized number of directors of the corporation shall be fixed in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation. Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation. If for any cause, the directors shall not have been elected at an annual meeting, they may be elected as soon thereafter as convenient at a special meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose in the manner provided in these Bylaws. 
 
 SECTION 17. Powers . The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the discretion of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 SECTION 18. Classes of Directors . Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the directors shall be divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. The Board of Directors is authorized to assign members of the Board of Directors already in office to such classes at the time the classification becomes effective. At the first annual meeting of stockholders following the initial classification of the Board of Directors, the term of office of the Class I directors shall expire and Class I directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the second annual meeting of stockholders following such initial classification of the Board of Directors, the term of office of the Class II directors shall expire and Class II directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the third annual meeting of stockholders following such initial classification of the Board of Directors, the term of office of the Class III directors shall expire and Class III directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, directors shall be elected for a full term of three years to succeed the directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual meeting. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 18, each director shall serve until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, 
 
 12 

resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
 
 SECTION 19. Vacancies . Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall, unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by stockholders, be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, or by a sole remaining director, and not by the stockholders, provided that whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series shall, unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by stockholders, be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected, and not by the stockholders. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the director for which the vacancy was created or occurred and until such director s successor shall have been elected and qualified. A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall be deemed to exist under this Bylaw in the case of the death, removal or resignation of any director. 
 
 SECTION 20. Resignation . Any director may resign at any time by delivering his or her notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Secretary, such resignation to specify whether it will be effective at a particular time. If no such specification is made, it shall be deemed effective at the time of delivery to the Secretary. When one or more directors shall resign from the Board of Directors, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each Director so chosen shall hold office for the unexpired portion of the term of the Director whose place shall be vacated and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. 
 
 SECTION 21. Removal . 
 
 (a) Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, neither the Board of Directors nor any individual director may be removed without cause. 
 
 (b) Subject to any limitation imposed by law, any individual director or directors may be removed with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two- thirds of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally at an election of directors. 

13 

SECTION 22. Meetings . 
 
 (a) Regular Meetings . Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or date and at any place within or without the State of Delaware which has been designated by the Board of Directors and publicized among all directors, either orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice-messaging system or other system designed to record and communicate messages, facsimile, telegraph or telex, or by electronic mail or other electronic means. Notice of any regular meeting may be waived in writing, or by electronic transmission, at any time before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. No further notice shall be required for regular meetings of the Board of Directors. 
 
 (b) Special Meetings . Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time and place within or without the State of Delaware whenever called by the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the authorized number of directors. 
 
 (c) Meetings by Electronic Communications Equipment . Any member of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
 
 (d) Notice of Special Meetings . Notice of the time and place of all special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice messaging system or other system or technology designed to record and communicate messages, facsimile, telegraph or telex, or by electronic mail or other electronic means, during normal business hours, at least twenty-four (24) hours before the date and time of the meeting. If notice is sent by US mail, it shall be sent by first class mail, charges prepaid, at least three (3) days before the date of the meeting. Notice of any meeting may be waived in writing, or by electronic transmission, at any time before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 
 
 (e) Waiver of Notice . The transaction of all business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, however called or noticed, or wherever held, shall be as valid as though it had been transacted at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be present and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the directors not present who did not receive notice shall sign a written waiver of notice or shall waive notice by electronic transmission. All such waivers shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting. 
 
 14 

SECTION 23. Quorum and Voting . 
 
 (a) Unless the Certificate of Incorporation requires a greater number, and except with respect to questions related to indemnification arising under Section 45 herein for which a quorum shall be one-third of the exact number of directors fixed from time to time, a quorum of the Board of Directors shall consist of a majority of the exact number of directors fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation provided that, at any meeting whether a quorum be present or otherwise, a majority of the directors present may adjourn from time to time until the time fixed for the next regular meeting of the Board of Directors, without notice other than by announcement at the meeting. 
 (b) At each meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, all questions and business shall be determined by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present, unless a different vote be required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. 
 
 SECTION 24. Action without Meeting . Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and such writing or writings or transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 
 
 SECTION 25. Fees and Compensation . Directors shall be entitled to such compensation for their services as may be approved by the Board of Directors, including, if so approved, by resolution of the Board of Directors, a fixed sum and expenses of attendance, if any, for attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors and at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent, employee, or otherwise and receiving compensation therefor. 
 
 SECTION 26. Committees . 
 
 (a) Executive Committee . The Board of Directors may appoint an Executive Committee to consist of one (1) or more members of the Board of Directors. The Executive Committee, to the extent permitted by law and provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to (i) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly 
 
 15 

required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopting, amending or repealing any Bylaw of the corporation. 
 
 (b) Other Committees . The Board of Directors may, from time to time, appoint such other committees as may be permitted by law. Such other committees appointed by the Board of Directors shall consist of one (1) or more members of the Board of Directors and shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be prescribed by the resolution or resolutions creating such committees, but in no event shall any such committee have the powers denied to the Executive Committee in these Bylaws. 
 
 (c) Term . The Board of Directors, subject to any requirements of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock and the provisions of subsections (a) or (b) of this Section 26, may at any time increase or decrease the number of members of a committee or terminate the existence of a committee. The membership of a committee member shall terminate on the date of his or her death or voluntary resignation from the committee or from the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may at any time for any reason remove any individual committee member and the Board of Directors may fill any committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal or increase in the number of members of the committee. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee, and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. 
 
 (d) Meetings . Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, regular meetings of the Executive Committee or any other committee appointed pursuant to this Section 26 shall be held at such times and places as are determined by the Board of Directors, or by any such committee, and when notice thereof has been given to each member of such committee, no further notice of such regular meetings need be given thereafter. Special meetings of any such committee may be held at any place which has been determined from time to time by such committee, and may be called by any director who is a member of such committee, upon notice to the members of such committee of the time and place of such special meeting given in the manner provided for the giving of notice to members of the Board of Directors of the time and place of special meetings of the Board of Directors. Notice of any regular or special meeting of any committee may be waived in writing or by electronic transmission at any time before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director attends such special meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors in the resolutions authorizing the creation of the committee, a majority of the authorized number of members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee. 

16 

SECTION 27. Lead Independent Director . The Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or if the Chairperson is not an independent director, one of the independent directors, may be designated by the Board of Directors as lead independent director to serve until replaced by the Board of Directors Lead Independent Director ). The Lead Independent Director will (1) with the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, establish the agenda for regular Board meetings and serve as chairperson of Board of Directors meetings in the absence of the Chairperson of the Board of Directors (2) establish the agenda for and preside over meetings of the independent directors (3) coordinate with the committee chairs regarding meeting agendas and informational requirements (4) preside over any portions of meetings of the Board of Directors at which the evaluation or compensation of the Chief Executive Officer is presented or discussed (5) preside over any portions of meetings of the Board of Directors at which the independence of the directors or performance of the Board of Directors is presented or discussed (6) serve as a liaison between the Chief Executive Officer or non-independent Chairperson and the independent directors and (7) perform such other duties as may be established or delegated by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors. 
 
 SECTION 28. Organization . At every meeting of the directors and stockholders, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairperson has not been appointed or is absent, the Lead Independent Director, or if the Lead Independent Director has not been appointed or is absent, the Chief Executive Officer (if a director), or, if a Chief Executive Officer is absent, the President (if a director), or if the President is absent, the most senior Executive Vice President (if a director), or, in the absence of any such person, a chairperson of the meeting chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall preside over the meeting. The Secretary, or in his or her absence, any Assistant Secretary or other officer or director directed to do so by the President, shall act as secretary of the meeting. The Chairperson of the Board of Directors shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 OFFICERS 
 
 SECTION 29. Officers Designated . The officers of the corporation shall include, if and when designated by the Board of Directors, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors (provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Bylaws, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors shall not be deemed an officer of the corporation unless so designated by the Board of Directors), the Chief Executive Officer, the President, one or more Executive Vice Presidents, the Secretary, the Chief Financial Officer and the Treasurer. The Board of Directors may also appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers and such other officers and agents with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary. The Board of Directors may assign such additional titles to one or more of the officers as it shall deem appropriate. Any one person may hold any number of offices of the corporation at any one time unless specifically prohibited therefrom by law. The salaries and other compensation of the officers of the corporation shall be fixed by or in the manner designated by the Board of Directors. 
 
 17 

SECTION 30. Tenure and Duties of Officers . 
 
 (a) General . All officers shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and until their successors shall have been duly elected and qualified, unless sooner removed. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the Board of Directors. If the office of any officer becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by the Board of Directors. 
 
 (b) Duties of Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and at all meetings of the Board of Directors, unless the Chairperson of the Board of Directors or the Lead Independent Director has been appointed and is present. Unless an officer has been appointed Chief Executive Officer of the corporation, the President shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers of the corporation. To the extent that a Chief Executive Officer has been appointed and no President has been appointed, all references in these Bylaws to the President shall be deemed references to the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. 
 
 (c) Duties of President . The President shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and at all meetings of the Board of Directors, unless the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Lead Independent Director or the Chief Executive Officer has been appointed and is present. Unless another officer has been appointed Chief Executive Officer of the corporation, the President shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers of the corporation. The President shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. 
 
 (d) Duties of Executive Vice Presidents . The Executive Vice Presidents may assume and perform the duties of the President in the absence or disability of the President or whenever the office of President is vacant. The Executive Vice Presidents shall perform other duties commonly incident to their office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or, if the Chief Executive Officer has not been appointed or is absent, the President shall designate from time to time. 
 
 (e) Duties of Secretary . The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors and shall record all acts and proceedings thereof in the minute book of the corporation. The Secretary shall give notice in conformity with these Bylaws of all meetings of the stockholders and of all meetings of the Board of Directors and any committee thereof requiring notice. The Secretary shall perform all other duties provided for in these Bylaws and other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. 
 
 18 

The President may direct any Assistant Secretary or other officer to assume and perform the duties of the Secretary in the absence or disability of the Secretary, and each Assistant Secretary shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the President shall designate from time to time. 
 (f) Duties of Chief Financial Officer . The Chief Financial Officer shall keep or cause to be kept the books of account of the corporation in a thorough and proper manner and shall render statements of the financial affairs of the corporation in such form and as often as required by the Board of Directors or the President. The Chief Financial Officer, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the custody of all funds and securities of the corporation. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the President shall designate from time to time. To the extent that a Chief Financial Officer has been appointed and no Treasurer has been appointed, all references in these Bylaws to the Treasurer shall be deemed references to the Chief Financial Officer. The President may direct the Treasurer, if any, or any Assistant Treasurer, or the Controller or any Assistant Controller to assume and perform the duties of the Chief Financial Officer in the absence or disability of the Chief Financial Officer, and each Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer and each Controller and Assistant Controller shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the President shall designate from time to time. 
 
 (g) Duties of Treasurer . Unless another officer has been appointed Chief Financial Officer of the corporation, the Treasurer shall be the chief financial officer of the corporation and shall keep or cause to be kept the books of account of the corporation in a thorough and proper manner and shall render statements of the financial affairs of the corporation in such form and as often as required by the Board of Directors or the President, and, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the custody of all funds and securities of the corporation. The Treasurer shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the President shall designate from time to time. 
 
 SECTION 31. Delegation of Authority . The Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officer or agent, notwithstanding any provision hereof. 
 
 SECTION 32. Resignations . Any officer may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board of Directors or to the President or to the Secretary. Any such resignation shall be effective when received by the person or persons to whom such notice is given, unless a later time is specified therein, in which event the resignation shall become effective at such later time. Unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of any such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation shall be without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the corporation under any contract with the resigning officer. 

19 

SECTION 33. Removal . Any officer may be removed from office at any time, either with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors in office at the time, or by the unanimous written consent of the directors in office at the time, or by any committee or by the Chief Executive Officer or other superior officers upon whom such power of removal may have been conferred by the Board of Directors. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS AND VOTING OF SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION 
 
 SECTION 34. Execution of Corporate Instruments . The Board of Directors may, in its discretion, determine the method and designate the signatory officer or officers, or other person or persons, to execute on behalf of the corporation any corporate instrument or document, or to sign on behalf of the corporation the corporate name without limitation, or to enter into contracts on behalf of the corporation, except where otherwise provided by law or these Bylaws, and such execution or signature shall be binding upon the corporation. 
 
 All checks and drafts drawn on banks or other depositaries on funds to the credit of the corporation or in special accounts of the corporation shall be signed by such person or persons as the Board of Directors shall authorize so to do. 
 
 Unless authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount. 
 
 SECTION 35. Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation . All stock and other securities of other corporations owned or held by the corporation for itself, or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized so to do by resolution of the Board of Directors, or, in the absence of such authorization, by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or any Executive Vice President. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 SHARES OF STOCK 
 
 SECTION 36. Form and Execution of Certificates . The shares of the corporation shall be represented by certificates, or shall be uncertificated if so provided by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors. Certificates for the shares of stock, if any, shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Every holder of stock represented by certificate in the corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the corporation by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or the President or any Executive Vice President and by the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares owned by him in the corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be facsimiles. In case any officer, transfer agent, or 
 
 20 

registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. 
 
 SECTION 37. Lost Certificates . A new certificate or certificates shall be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed. The corporation may require, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, the owner of such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate or certificates, or the owner s legal representative, to agree to indemnify the corporation in such manner as it shall require or to give the corporation a surety bond in such form and amount as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed. 
 
 SECTION 38. Transfers . 
 
 (a) Transfers of record of shares of stock of the corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by attorney duly authorized, and, in the case of stock represented by certificate, upon the surrender of a properly endorsed certificate or certificates for a like number of shares. 
 
 (b) The corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL. 
 
 SECTION 39. Fixing Record Dates . 
 
 (a) In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall, subject to applicable law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting provided that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 
 (b) In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of 
 
 21 

stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 
 
 SECTION 40. Registered Stockholders . The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 OTHER SECURITIES OF THE CORPORATION 
 
 SECTION 41. Execution of Other Securities . All bonds, debentures and other corporate securities of the corporation, other than stock certificates (covered in Section 36), may be signed by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the President or any Executive Vice President, or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, and the corporate seal impressed thereon or a facsimile of such seal imprinted thereon and attested by the signature of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer provided that, where any such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be authenticated by the manual signature, or where permissible facsimile signature, of a trustee under an indenture pursuant to which such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be issued, the signatures of the persons signing and attesting the corporate seal on such bond, debenture or other corporate security may be the imprinted facsimile of the signatures of such persons. Interest coupons appertaining to any such bond, debenture or other corporate security, authenticated by a trustee as aforesaid, shall be signed by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the corporation or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, or bear imprinted thereon the facsimile signature of such person. In case any officer who shall have signed or attested any bond, debenture or other corporate security, or whose facsimile signature shall appear thereon or on any such interest coupon, shall have ceased to be such officer before the bond, debenture or other corporate security so signed or attested shall have been delivered, such bond, debenture or other corporate security nevertheless may be adopted by the corporation and issued and delivered as though the person who signed the same or whose facsimile signature shall have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer of the corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 DIVIDENDS 
 
 SECTION 42. Declaration of Dividends . Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors pursuant to law at any regular or special meeting. 
 
 22 

Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. 
 
 SECTION 43. Dividend Reserve . Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall think conducive to the interests of the corporation, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. 
 
 ARTICLE X 
 FISCAL YEAR 
 
 SECTION 44. Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 
 
 ARTICLE XI 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 SECTION 45. Indemnification of Directors, Officers, Employees and Other Agents . 
 
 (a) Directors and Executive Officers . The corporation shall indemnify its directors and executive officers (for the purposes of this Article XI, executive officers shall have the meaning defined in Rule 3b-7 promulgated under the 1934 Act) to the to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL or any other applicable law provided that the corporation may modify the extent of such indemnification by individual contracts with its directors and executive officers and, provided, further that the corporation shall not be required to indemnify any director or executive officer in connection with any proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless (i) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (ii) the proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors of the corporation, (iii) such indemnification is provided by the corporation, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the corporation under the DGCL or any other applicable law or (iv) such indemnification is required to be made under subsection (d). 
 
 (b) Other Employees and Agents . The corporation shall have power to indemnify its other employees and agents as set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law. The Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate the determination of whether indemnification shall be given to any such person to such other employees or persons as the Board of Directors shall determine. 
 
 (c) Expenses . The corporation shall advance to any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he 
 
 23 

is or was a director or executive officer of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or executive officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, prior to the final disposition of the proceeding, promptly following request therefor, all expenses incurred by any director or executive officer in connection with such proceeding provided that, if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by a director or executive officer in his or her capacity as a director or executive officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this section or otherwise. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant to paragraph (e) of this section, no advance shall be made by the corporation to an executive officer of the corporation (except by reason of the fact that such executive officer is or was a director of the corporation in which event this paragraph shall not apply) in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (i) by a majority vote of directors who were not parties to the proceeding, even if not a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. 
 
 (d) Enforcement . Without the necessity of entering into an express contract, all rights to indemnification and advances to directors and executive officers under this Bylaw shall be deemed to be contractual rights and be effective to the same extent and as if provided for in a contract between the corporation and the director or executive officer. Any right to indemnification or advances granted by this Bylaw to a director or executive officer shall be enforceable by or on behalf of the person holding such right in any court of competent jurisdiction if (i) the claim for indemnification or advances is denied, in whole or in part, or (ii) no disposition of such claim is made within ninety (90) days of request therefor. To the extent permitted by law, the claimant in such enforcement action, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting the claim. In connection with any claim for indemnification, the corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense to any such action that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct that make it permissible under the DGCL or any other applicable law for the corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed. In connection with any claim by an executive officer of the corporation (except in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such executive officer is or was a director of the corporation) for advances, the corporation shall be entitled to raise a defense as to any such action clear and convincing evidence that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or with respect to any criminal action or proceeding that 
 
 24 

such person acted without reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was lawful. Neither the failure of the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law, nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. In any suit brought by a director or executive officer to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, the burden of proving that the director or executive officer is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this section or otherwise shall be on the corporation. 
 
 (e) Non-Exclusivity of Rights . The rights conferred on any person by this Bylaw shall not be exclusive of any other right which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any applicable statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office. The corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL, or by any other applicable law. 
 
 (f) Survival of Rights . The rights conferred on any person by this Bylaw shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, executive officer or other employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 
 
 (g) Insurance . To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL or any other applicable law, the corporation, upon approval by the Board of Directors, may purchase insurance on behalf of any person required or permitted to be indemnified pursuant to this section. 
 (h) Amendments . Any repeal or modification of this section shall only be prospective and shall not affect the rights under this Bylaw in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any proceeding against any agent of the corporation. 
 
 (i) Savings Clause . If this Bylaw or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable portion of this section that shall not have been invalidated, or by any other applicable law. If this section shall be invalid due to the application of the indemnification provisions of another jurisdiction, then the corporation shall indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent under any other applicable law. 
 
 (j) Certain Definitions . For the purposes of this Bylaw, the following definitions shall apply 
 
 25 

(1) The term proceeding shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, the investigation, preparation, prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration and appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative. 
 
 (2) The term expenses shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, court costs, attorneys fees, witness fees, fines, amounts paid in settlement or judgment and any other costs and expenses of any nature or kind incurred in connection with any proceeding. 
 (3) The term the corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. 
 
 (4) References to a director , executive officer , officer , employee , or agent of the corporation shall include, without limitation, situations where such person is serving at the request of the corporation as, respectively, a director, executive officer, officer, employee, trustee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. 
 
 (5) References to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan and references to serving at the request of the corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the corporation as referred to in this section. 
 
 ARTICLE XII 
 NOTICES 
 
 SECTION 46. Notices . 
 
 (a) Notice to Stockholders . Written notice to stockholders of stockholder meetings shall be given as provided in Section 7 herein. Without limiting the manner by which notice may otherwise be given effectively to stockholders under any agreement or contract with 
 
 26 

such stockholder, and except as otherwise required by law, written notice to stockholders for purposes other than stockholder meetings may be sent by U.S. mail or nationally recognized overnight courier, or by facsimile, telegraph or telex or by electronic mail or other electronic means. 
 
 (b) Notice to Directors . Any notice required to be given to any director may be given by the method stated in subsection (a), as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, or by overnight delivery service, facsimile, telex or telegram, except that such notice other than one which is delivered personally shall be sent to such address as such director shall have filed in writing with the Secretary, or, in the absence of such filing, to the last known post office address of such director. 
 
 (c) Affidavit of Mailing . An affidavit of mailing, executed by a duly authorized and competent employee of the corporation or its transfer agent appointed with respect to the class of stock affected, or other agent, specifying the name and address or the names and addresses of the stockholder or stockholders, or director or directors, to whom any such notice or notices was or were given, and the time and method of giving the same, shall in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts therein contained. 
 
 (d) Methods of Notice . It shall not be necessary that the same method of giving notice be employed in respect of all recipients of notice, but one permissible method may be employed in respect of any one or more, and any other permissible method or methods may be employed in respect of any other or others. 
 
 (e) Notice to Person with Whom Communication Is Unlawful . Whenever notice is required to be given, under any provision of law or of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the corporation, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. In the event that the action taken by the corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate under any provision of the DGCL, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful. 
 
 (f) Notice to Stockholders Sharing an Address . Except as otherwise prohibited under DGCL, any notice given under the provisions of DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders who share an address if consented to by the stockholders at that address to whom such notice is given. Such consent shall have been deemed to have been given if such stockholder fails to object in writing to the corporation within sixty (60) days of having been given notice by the corporation of its intention to send the single notice. Any consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the corporation. 

27 

ARTICLE XIII 
 AMENDMENTS 
 
 SECTION 47. Bylaw Amendments . Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 45(h) of these Bylaws or the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the corporation. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws of the corporation by the Board of Directors shall require the approval of a majority of the authorized number of directors. The stockholders also shall have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the corporation provided that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the corporation required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, such action by stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 
 ARTICLE XIV 
 LOANS TO OFFICERS OR EMPLOYEES 
 
 SECTION 48. Loans to Officers or Employees . Except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who is a director of the corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with or without interest and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the corporation. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the corporation at common law or under any statute. 
 
 ARTICLE XV 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 SECTION 49. Books and Records . The books and records of the corporation may be kept at such places within or without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. 
 
 SECTION 50. Savings Clause . These Bylaws are subject to applicable law and the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. If these Bylaws or any portion hereof are inconsistent with the Certificate of Incorporation, such provision shall be invalid only to the extent of such conflict, and such conflict shall not affect the validity of any other provision of these Bylaws. 
 
 SECTION 51. Severability . If any provision or provisions of these Bylaws shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever (a) the validity, legality 
 
 28 

and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Bylaws (including, without limitation, all portions of any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that are not themselves invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of these Bylaws (including, without limitation, all portions of any paragraph of these Bylaws containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that are not themselves invalid, illegal or enforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 
 29 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 pgny-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Peter Anevski, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Progyny, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Peter Anevski Peter Anevski Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 pgny-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Mark Livingston, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Progyny, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Mark Livingston Mark Livingston Chief Financial Officer 
 principal financial officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 pgny-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Progyny, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Peter Anevski Peter Anevski Chief Executive Officer 
 principal executive officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 pgny-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Progyny, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Mark Livingston Mark Livingston Chief Financial Officer 
 principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pgny-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pgny-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pgny-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pgny-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pgny-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

