<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1692345_0001558370-24-015274.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9757435</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183526</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1245766</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3467035</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1827677</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2800523</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-015274.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112145936
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-015274
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PROCACCIANTI HOTEL REIT, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001692345
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				813661609
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56272
		FILM NUMBER:		241447222

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1140 RESERVOIR AVENUE
		CITY:			CRANSTON
		STATE:			RI
		ZIP:			02920
		BUSINESS PHONE:		401-946-4600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1140 RESERVOIR AVENUE
		CITY:			CRANSTON
		STATE:			RI
		ZIP:			02920

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-015274.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 tmb-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 S UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarter ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 (State or Other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S Employer Identification Number) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: NA NA NA Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 12, 2024, there were shares of the Registrant s Class K common stock issued and outstanding, shares of the Registrant s Class K-I common stock issued and outstanding, shares of the Registrant s Class A common stock issued and outstanding and shares of the Registrant s Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 PROCACCIANTI HOTEL REIT, INC. INDEX 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Page Item 1 . Financial Statements (unaudited) 3 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholder s Equity and Noncontrolling Interest for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 7 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 48 Item 4 . Controls and Procedures 48 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 49 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 49 Item 1A. Risk Factors 49 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of roceeds 49 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 52 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 52 Item 5. Other Information 52 Item 6. Exhibits 53 Signatures 55 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 PROCACCIANTI HOTEL REIT, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (unaudited) 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Property and equipment, net Cash Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Due from related parties Prepaid expenses and other assets, net Total Assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities Mortgage notes payable, net Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other, net Due to related parties Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Noncontrolling interest of the Operating Partnership Stockholders Equity Class K common stock, par value per share; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding , respectively Class K-I common stock, par value per share; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding , respectively Class K-T common stock, par value per share; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding , respectively Class A common stock, par value per share; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding Class B common stock, par value per share; shares authorized, issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Cumulative income Cumulative distributions ) ) Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling interest Total Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 PROCACCIANTI HOTEL REIT, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Rooms Food and beverage Other operating Total revenues Expenses Rooms Food and beverage Other property expenses Property management fees to affiliates Corporate general and administrative Other fees to affiliates Depreciation and amortization Total expenses Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Gain (loss) on interest rate swap/cap ) ) Net income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income attributable to Class K common stockholders basic and diluted Net income per Class K common share basic and diluted Weighted average number of Class K common shares outstanding basic and diluted Net income attributable to Class K-I common stockholders basic and diluted Net income per Class K-I common share basic and diluted Weighted average number of Class K-I common shares outstanding basic and diluted Net income attributable to Class K-T common stockholders basic and diluted Net income per Class K-T common share basic and diluted Weighted average number of Class K-T common shares outstanding basic and diluted Net income attributable to Class A common stockholders basic and diluted Net income per Class A common share basic and diluted Weighted average number of Class A common shares outstanding basic and diluted Net Income (loss) attributable to Class B common stockholders basic and diluted Net Income (loss) per Class B common share basic and diluted Weighted average number of Class B common shares outstanding basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 PROCACCIANTI HOTEL REIT, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST (unaudited) 

Common Stock Additional Total Procaccianti Class K Class K-I Class K-T Class A Class B Paid-in Cumulative Cumulative Hotel REIT, Inc. Noncontrolling Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Distributions Stockholders' Equity Interest Equity BALANCE, December 31, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to distribution reinvestment plan Stockholder servicing fees ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest valuation adjustment ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Distributions paid ) ) ) BALANCE, March 31, 2024 ) Conversion of common stock ) ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to distribution reinvestment plan Stockholder servicing fees ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest valuation adjustment Net income Distributions paid ) ) ) ) BALANCE, June 30, 2024 ) Conversion of common stock ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to distribution reinvestment plan ) Stockholder servicing fees Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest valuation adjustment Net income Distributions paid ) ) ) ) BALANCE, September 30, 2024 ) 

 5 

Table of Contents PROCACCIANTI HOTEL REIT, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST (unaudited) 

Common Stock Additional Total Procaccianti Class K Class K-I Class K-T Class A Class B Paid-in Cumulative Cumulative Hotel REIT, Inc. Noncontrolling Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Distributions Stockholders' Equity Interest Equity BALANCE, December 31, 2022 ) Conversion of common stock ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to distribution reinvestment plan Stockholder servicing fees ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Distributions paid ) ) ) ) BALANCE March 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to distribution reinvestment plan Stockholder servicing fees ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest valuation adjustment ) ) ) Net Income Distributions paid ) ) ) ) BALANCE June 30, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to distribution reinvestment plan Stockholder servicing fees ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest valuation adjustment Net Income Distributions paid ) ) ) ) BALANCE September 30, 2023 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 PROCACCIANTI HOTEL REIT, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discount as interest ) Amortization of key money loans ) ) (Gain) loss on interest rate swap/cap ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Due from related parties Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other Due to related parties ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flow from Investing Activities: Capital improvements ) ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Payment of stockholder servicing fees ) ) Proceeds from mortgage note Payments of mortgage notes principal ) ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) Distributions to stockholders ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the condensed consolidated balance sheets to the amount shown in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Restricted cash Total cash and restricted cash shown on the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows The Company paid the following amounts for interest and income taxes: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental Disclosure of Noncash Transactions 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Common stock issued pursuant to distribution reinvestment plan The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 select-service hotels located in states with a total of rooms. For more information on the Company s real estate portfolio, see Note 3 Investments in Hotels. The Company raised the equity capital for its real estate investments through a private offering (the Private Offering and a public offering (the Public Offering , together with the Private Offering, the Offerings from September 2016 through August 2021, and has offered shares through its distribution reinvestment plan DRIP pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the DRIP Offering since August 2021. The Company terminated the Private Offering prior to the commencement of the Public Offering, and, as of such termination, received approximately in gross proceeds from the sale of shares of Class K common stock K Shares and Class A common stock A Shares ), including Units (which were comprised of K Share and A Share), in the Private Offering. Of the in gross proceeds received, was from the sale of A Shares to TPG Hotel REIT Investor, LLC THR ), an affiliate of PHA, to fund organization and offering expenses associated with the K Shares and Units. Since the commencement of the Public Offering and through September 30, 2024, the Company received approximately in gross proceeds from the sale of K Shares, shares of Class K-I common stock K-I Shares and shares of Class K-T common shares K-T Shares in the Public Offering, inclusive of proceeds from the sale of of K Shares, of K-I Shares and of K-T Shares pursuant to the DRIP. Additionally, on October 26, 2018, June 10, 2019 and January 19, 2021, the Company received , and , respectively, from the sale of A Shares to THR in private placements, the proceeds of which were used to pay the selling commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees, and other organizational and offering expenses related to the K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares sold in the primary offering portion of the Public Offering. In addition, the Company allocated proceeds from the sale of A Shares in amounts that represent the difference between (i) the applicable estimated net asset value NAV per K-I Share and the applicable offering price of K-I Shares sold in the primary offering and (ii) any discount to the applicable offering price of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares arising from reduced or waived selling commissions (other than reduced selling commissions for volume discounts) or dealer manager fees. On February 27, 2020, through a separate private placement and as partial consideration for the Company s acquisition of the Hilton Garden Inn hotel property located in Providence, Rhode Island Hilton Garden Inn Providence ), the Operating Partnership issued Class K units of limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership Class K OP Units at per Class K OP Unit. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 , and consisted primarily of land, building, furniture, fixtures, and equipment and were available to satisfy our VIEs obligations. At September 30, 2024, the liabilities of the Company s VIEs were , and consisted primarily of long-term debt. The Company has guaranteed certain obligations of its VIEs. The Company has no foreign operations or assets, and its operating structure includes only segment. compared to the carrying value of . These financial instruments are valued using Level 3 inputs through a discounted cash flow analysis of the contractual cash flows of the notes payable discounted at a market rate. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively, reserves for capital improvements were and , respectively, and reserves for insurance were and , respectively. The Company also included and of guest advance deposits as restricted cash at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. of its annual REIT taxable income to its stockholders (which is computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP). As a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax to the extent it distributes qualifying dividends to its stockholders. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year following the year it initially elects to be taxed as a REIT, it will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates and generally will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification is lost unless the Internal Revenue Service grants the Company relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect the Company s net income and net cash available for distribution to its stockholders. Because the Company is prohibited from operating hotel properties pursuant to certain tax laws relating to its qualification as a REIT, the entities through which the Company owns hotel properties will lease the hotel properties to one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ). A TRS is a corporate subsidiary of a REIT that jointly elects, with the REIT, to be treated as a TRS of the REIT, and that pays U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates on its taxable income. The Company accounts for income taxes of its TRSs using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities from a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period prior to when the new rates become effective. The Company records a valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets that are not expected to be realized. The Company has reviewed tax positions under GAAP guidance that clarify the relevant criteria and approach for the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions. The guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition of a tax position taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return. A tax position may only be recognized in the financial statements if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination. At September 30, 2024, the Company had material uncertain tax positions. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 Class K OP Units that were issued to a group of sellers in connection with the acquisition of the Hilton Garden Inn Providence. Noncontrolling interest of the Operating Partnership is reported in the mezzanine section of the condensed consolidated balance sheet, as the units are redeemable at the request of the holder for cash equal to the fair market value of a K Share as defined in the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Procaccianti Hotel REIT, L.P. (the Amended and Restated Operating Partnership Agreement ). The Company may elect to acquire any such unit presented for redemption for K Shares or cash. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest of the Operating Partnership is equal to the greater of the initial carrying amount, increased, or decreased for the Class K OP Units share of net income or loss and the redemption value. Revenue, expenses, and net income attributable to both the Company and the noncontrolling interest of the Operating Partnership are reported in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. restricted K Shares held by the Company s independent directors are included in the calculation of basic EPS because such shares have been issued and participate in distributions. 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 Less: Class K Common Stock dividends declared and accumulated Less: Class K-I Common Stock dividends declared and accumulated Less: Class K-T Common Stock dividends declared and accumulated Less: Class A Common Stock dividends declared and accumulated Undistributed net income (loss) ) ) Class K Common Stock: Undistributed net income (loss) ) ) Class K Common Stock dividends declared and accumulated Net income Net income per common share, basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Class K-I Common Stock: Undistributed net income (loss) ) ) Class K-I Common Stock dividends declared and accumulated Net income Net income per common share, basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Class K-T Common Stock: Undistributed net income (loss) ) ) Class K-T Common Stock dividends declared and accumulated Net income Net income per common share, basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Class A Common Stock: Undistributed net income (loss) ) ) Class A Common Stock dividends declared and accumulated Net income Net income per common share, basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Class B Common Stock: Undistributed net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg 06/29/2017 (1) Hotel Indigo Traverse City 08/15/2018 Hilton Garden Inn Providence 02/27/2020 Cherry Tree Inn 07/30/2021 1) Represents the date and contract purchase price of PCF s acquisition of the Springhill Suites Wilmington (the Springhill Suites Wilmington and the Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg (the Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg ). The Company exercised its option under an option agreement to purchase a membership interest in PCF on March 29, 2018. 2) Contract purchase price excludes acquisition fees and costs. 
 Investments in hotel properties consisted of the following as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: Building and improvements Furniture, fixtures, and equipment Total cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Depreciation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and respectively. Depreciation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. mortgage payable secured by the Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg (the St. Petersburg Note ), a mortgage payable secured by the Springhill Suites Wilmington (the Wilmington Note ), a mortgage payable secured by the Hotel Indigo Traverse City (the TCI Note ), a mortgage payable secured by the Hilton Garden Inn Providence (the HGI Note and a mortgage payable secured by the Cherry Tree Inn (the CTI Note ). The mortgage notes payable each contain customary affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default. The St. Petersburg Note was refinanced as of April 25, 2024. The St. Petersburg Note bears interest at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a SOFR rate margin of . The St. Petersburg Note requires monthly interest payments for the first , and monthly principal and interest payments based on a amortization schedule thereafter to maturity on . The St. Petersburg Note is collateralized by the Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg, including equipment. The St. Petersburg Note is also guaranteed by the Company and cross-collaterized by the Wilmington Note. As of September 30, 2024, all required payments were made as agreed. Annual compliance testing will commence as of December 31, 2024. The Wilmington Note was refinanced as of April 25, 2024. The Wilmington Note bears interest at the SOFR plus a SOFR rate margin of . The Wilmington Note requires monthly interest payments for the first , and monthly principal and interest payments based on a amortization schedule thereafter to maturity on 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 . The Wilmington Note is collateralized by the Springhill Suites Wilmington, including equipment. The Wilmington Note is also guaranteed by the Company, and is cross collaterized by the St. Petersburg Note. As of September 30, 2024, all required payments were made as agreed. Annual compliance testing will commence as of December 31, 2024. The TCI Note was refinanced as of June 6, 2024. The TCI Note bears interest at a fixed per annum rate equal to during the initial term. This rate is calculated to in excess of the yield on United States Treasury Securities adjusted to a constant maturity of three years as made available by the Federal Reserve Board. The TCI Note provides for interest only monthly payments for the initial term. After the interest only period, principal will be amortized over a 30-year amortization schedule at a fixed per annum rate of interest equal to in excess of the yield on United States Treasury Securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year as made available by the Federal Reserve Board thereafter to maturity on June 6, 2028. The loan agreement allows for extensions. The TCI Note is collateralized by the Hotel Indigo Traverse City, including equipment, and is guaranteed by the Company. As of September 30, 2024, all required payments were made as agreed. Annual compliance testing will commence as of December 31, 2024. The HGI Note required interest payments at a fixed rate of through , and requires monthly principal and interest payments based on a 30 -year amortization schedule thereafter to maturity on . The HGI Note is collateralized by the Hilton Garden Inn Providence, including equipment, and was guaranteed by the Company. As of September 30, 2024, we believe the Operating Partnership and its subsidiary for the Hilton Garden Inn Providence were in compliance with their loan obligations, including applicable covenants, and all required payments were made as agreed. The CTI Note requires monthly interest payments at a fixed rate of through November 23, 2023, and subsequent to November 23, 2023, monthly principal and interest payments of through November 23, 2026, the maturity date. The CTI Note is collateralized by the Cherry Tree Inn, including equipment. As of September 30, 2024, we believe the Operating Partnership and its subsidiary for the Cherry Tree Inn were in compliance with their loan obligations, including applicable covenants and all required payments have been made as agreed. Interest expense on mortgage notes payable for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Interest expense on mortgage notes payable for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Also included in mortgage notes payable as of September 30, 2024 is of net deferred financing costs and debt discounts and premiums. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company amortized and , respectively, of net deferred financing costs and debt discounts and premiums as interest expense For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company amortized and , respectively, of net deferred financing costs and debt discounts and premiums as interest expense. term, subject to renewals upon mutual consent of PHA and the Company s independent directors for an unlimited number of successive one-year periods. On November 22, 2019, the Company, the Operating Partnership and PHA entered into the Second Amendment to the Advisory Agreement (the Advisory Agreement Amendment in order to revise certain terms regarding the accrual of interest on deferred acquisition, disposition and asset management fees, as well as the deferral of asset management fees paid to PHA. On June 17, 2024, the board of directors of the Company, including all independent directors of the Company, after review of PHA s performance during the last year, authorized the Company to execute a mutual consent to renew the Advisory Agreement, by and among the Company, the Operating Partnership and PHA for an additional one-year term effective on August 2, 2024. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, PHA oversees the Company s day-to-day operations, including the provision of general ledger accounting, fund accounting, legal services, investor relations, and other administrative 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively, of such administrative service expenses. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Sponsor requested reimbursement for and , respectively, of such administrative service expenses. These amounts are included in other fees to affiliates on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. Acquisition Fee The Company will pay PHA acquisition fees as described below: Acquisition Fee : Fee for providing services including selecting, evaluating and acquiring potential investments (the acquisition fee ). The total acquisition fee payable to PHA shall equal of the Gross Contract Purchase Price of an investment, which as defined in the Advisory Agreement, represents the amount actually paid or allocated in respect of the purchase of an investment, inclusive of acquisition expenses and any indebtedness assumed or incurred. Payment of such fee will be deferred until the occurrence of a (i) liquidation event (i.e., any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of the Company, including as a result of the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets for cash or other consideration), (ii) the Company s sale or merger in a transaction that provides stockholders with cash, securities or a combination of cash and securities, (iii) the listing of the Company s shares of common stock on a national securities exchange, or (iv) the termination of the Advisory Agreement, other than for cause, or the non-renewal of the Advisory Agreement. The preceding clauses (ii) and (iii) are defined as an Other Liquidity Event . Under the Advisory Agreement Amendment, deferred acquisition fees will accrue interest at a cumulative, non-compounded rate of per annum until the day immediately following the Fifth Anniversary (as defined herein), at which time such interest will cease to further accrue. acquisition fees were incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were of deferred acquisition fees included in due to related parties on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense on outstanding acquisition fees was and , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and and , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. These amounts are included in interest expense on the condensed consolidated statement of operations and in due to related parties on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Asset Management Fee The Company will pay PHA asset management fees as described below: Asset Management Fee : Quarterly fee equal to one-fourth of of the adjusted cost of the Company s assets and the amounts actually paid or allocated in respect of the acquisition of loans, before reduction for depreciation, amortization, impairment charges, and cumulative acquisition costs charged to expense in accordance with GAAP (the asset management fee ). The adjusted cost will include the purchase price, acquisition expenses, capital expenditures, and other customary capitalized costs. The Advisory Agreement Amendment clarified the duration of the asset management fee and accrual of interest on deferred asset management fees. The asset management fee will be payable to PHA quarterly in arrears, based on the adjusted cost on the last date of the prior quarter, adjusted for appropriate closing dates for individual investments. Payment of the asset management fee will be deferred on a quarterly basis if at any 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 distributions have not been paid in full to the holders of the K Shares, K-I Shares, K-T Shares and any parity security. Any such deferred asset management fees will accrue interest at a cumulative, non-compounded rate of per annum. If the Company has not completed a liquidation event by the fifth anniversary of the date the Company terminates the Public Offering (including any follow-on offering) (the Fifth Anniversary ), on the day immediately following the Fifth Anniversary, (i) the asset management fees payable pursuant to the Advisory Agreement will cease to accrue and (ii) interest that accrued at a non-compounded rate of per annum on the deferred asset management fees will cease to accrue. For the avoidance of doubt, all accrued and unpaid principal and interest amounts in connection with the asset management fee at the Fifth Anniversary will remain outstanding. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred and , respectively, in asset management fees. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred and , respectively, in asset management fees. Asset management fees are included in other fees to affiliates on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Interest expense on the outstanding asset management fees was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and is included in interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, asset management fees and interest payable of and , respectively, are included in due to related parties on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Disposition Fee The Company will pay PHA disposition fees as described below: Disposition Fee : Fee for providing a substantial amount of services in connection with the sale of a property or real estate-related assets, as determined by a majority of the Company s independent directors (the disposition fee ). The disposition fee will equal one-half of the brokerage commissions paid on the sale of an investment. In no event will the disposition fee exceed of the sales price of each investment. Payment of the disposition fee to PHA will be deferred until the occurrence of (i) a liquidation event, (ii) an Other Liquidity Event, or (iii) the termination of the Advisory Agreement, other than for cause, or the non-renewal of the Advisory Agreement. Under the Advisory Agreement Amendment, deferred disposition fees will accrue interest at a cumulative, non-compounded rate of per annum until the day immediately following the Fifth Anniversary, at which time such interest will cease to further accrue. There were disposition fees incurred for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Acquisition Expenses The Company will reimburse PHA for acquisition expenses actually incurred (excluding personnel costs) related to selecting, evaluating, and making investments on the Company s behalf. All acquisition expenses as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 were paid directly by the Company and there have been no reimbursements to PHA. Organization and Offering Costs Organization and offering costs O O Costs include selling commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees and any other elements of underwriting compensation, as well as legal, accounting, printing, mailing and filing fees and expenses, due diligence expenses of participating broker-dealers supported by detailed and itemized invoices, costs in connection with preparing sales materials, design and website expenses, fees and expenses of the Company s transfer agent, fees to attend retail seminars sponsored by participating broker-dealers and reimbursements for customary travel, lodging, and meals. For more information regarding selling commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees and any other elements of underwriting compensation, see Note 6 Stockholders Equity . Certain O O Costs have been incurred by PHA on behalf of the Company. At the termination of the Public Offering on August 13, 2021, the total amount of O O Costs, exclusive of selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees, incurred by PHA and its affiliates related to the Private Offering and the Public Offering 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 , of which has been reimbursed through the issuance of A Shares to an affiliate of PHA and through cash payments to PHA of . The Company recorded O O Costs as charges against additional paid in capital on the condensed consolidated balance sheets as the Company raised proceeds in its continuous Public Offering for amounts incurred up to of the gross offering proceeds of the Public Offering, the maximum amount allowed in accordance with the rules and regulations established by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA and the Company s charter. The Company recognized O O Costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had balances due to or from PHA for the reimbursement of O O Costs. Property Management Fee and Reimbursement Wholly owned subsidiaries of PCF and the Operating Partnership entered into hotel management agreements with affiliates of the Company for the management of each of the Company's hotels. Under the terms of the management agreements, the manager operates and manages each hotel, including making all human resource decisions. The employees of the hotels are employed by the managers, however, pursuant to the management agreements, all compensation of hotel personnel is recorded as a direct operating expense of the hotel. The manager of each hotel is paid a base management fee equal to of the respective hotel s gross revenues and is also reimbursed for certain expenses and centralized service costs. The terms of the in-place management agreements for the Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg and the Springhill Suites Wilmington expire on March 28, 2025, with additional automatic extension. The term of the in-place management agreement for the Hotel Indigo Traverse City expires August 14, 2024, with additional automatic extensions. The terms of the in-place management agreements expire February 26, 2025 and June 3, 2031, respectively, for the Hilton Garden Inn Providence and the Cherry Tree Inn, with additional automatic one-year extensions. Aggregate property management fees incurred were and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are included in property management fees to affiliates on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and , respectively, of accrued property management fees payable were included in due to related parties on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Aggregate net reimbursements for certain expenses were and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, of expense reimbursements were included in due to related parties on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid and respectively, to TPG Risk Services, LLC TPG ), an affiliate of the Sponsor, for the reimbursement of prepaid insurance at the hotel properties. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid and respectively, to TPG for the reimbursement of prepaid insurance at the hotel properties. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had balance due to TPG. Construction Management Fee The Company pays its property managers or third parties selected by PHA, after requesting bids from such parties, a construction management fee (which may include expense reimbursements) based on market rates for such services in the markets in which the hotel properties are located and will take into account the nature of the services to be performed, which generally will constitute the supervision or coordination of any construction, improvements, refurbishments, renovations, or restorations of the Company s hotel properties. If PHA selects the property manager or another affiliate of the Sponsor to perform such services, any resulting agreement must be approved by a majority of the Company s board of directors, including a majority of its independent directors. The Company reimbursed TPG Construction, LLC, an affiliate of the Sponsor TPG Construction ), and during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for capital expenditure costs incurred at the hotel properties. Included in the due from related parties balance at September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and , respectively, in receivables from TPG 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 such fees for additional services were incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Payment Upon Listing of Shares If the Company lists any of its shares of capital stock on a national securities exchange (which automatically results in a termination of the Advisory Agreement), the Company will be obligated to pay PHA the amount PHA would be entitled to receive on account of deferred asset management fees, acquisition fees, and disposition fees (and any accrued interest thereon) as if the Company liquidated and received liquidation proceeds equal to the market value of the Company, which is limited to the excess of market value over the liquidation preference on K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares. Payment Upon a Merger or Acquisition Transaction If the Company terminates the Advisory Agreement in connection with or in contemplation of a transaction involving a merger or acquisition, the Company would be obligated to pay PHA the amount PHA would be entitled to receive as if the Company liquidated and received net liquidation proceeds equal to the consideration paid to the stockholders in such transaction. Payment Upon Other Advisory Agreement Termination The Company may elect not to renew the Advisory Agreement. The Company has the right to terminate the Advisory Agreement without cause, or other than in connection with a listing of the Company s shares or a transaction involving a merger or acquisition or other than for cause Non-cause Advisory Agreement Termination ). If a Non-cause Advisory Agreement Termination were to occur, the Company would be obligated to make a cash payment to PHA in the amount of any deferred asset management fees, plus any interest accrued thereon, the full acquisition fees previously earned, plus interest accrued thereon, and the full disposition fees previously earned, plus any interest accrued thereon, regardless of the value of the Company s assets or net assets. The Company would be obligated to repurchase its A Shares for an amount equal to the greater of: (1) any accrued common ordinary distributions on the A Shares plus the stated value of the outstanding A Shares per A Share) or (2) the amount the holders of A Shares would be entitled to receive if the Company liquidated and received net liquidation proceeds equal to the fair market value (determined by appraisals as of the termination date) of the Company s investments less any loans secured by such investments, limited in the case of non-recourse loans to the value of investments securing such loans. Any shares of Class B common stock, with a par value of per share B Shares ), then outstanding would remain outstanding. The amounts payable on account of the repurchase of A Shares may be paid, in the discretion of a majority of the Company s board of directors, including a majority of the Company s independent directors, in the form of promissory notes bearing interest at the then-current rate, as determined in good faith by a majority of the Company s independent directors. Payment Upon Advisory Agreement Termination for Cause If the Company terminates the Advisory Agreement for cause, the Company would not have a current obligation to make any payments to PHA or to S2K Servicing LLC, an affiliate of S2K Financial LLC (the Dealer Manager ). However, any A Shares and B Shares held by them or their affiliates would remain outstanding. In addition, any deferred asset management fees, plus any interest accrued thereon, the full acquisition fees previously earned, plus any interest accrued thereon, and the full disposition fees previously earned, plus any interest accrued thereon, would 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 . Such deferred fees and interest thereon would be payable upon a liquidation event. Amended and Restated Operating Partnership Agreement In connection with the Hilton Garden Inn Providence acquisition, effective February 27, 2020, the Company, as general partner of the Operating Partnership, Procaccianti Hotel REIT, LP, LLC and certain principals and affiliates of the Sponsor were issued Class K OP Units and entered into an Amended and Restated Operating Partnership Agreement. Loans from Affiliates The Company has combined subordinated promissory notes of from PHA that bear interest at the current blended long term applicable federal rate AFR ). The blended long term AFR was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The maturity date of the notes is the date after all outstanding K Shares have received all accumulated, accrued and unpaid distributions due and owing under the terms of the Company s organization documents and the liquidation preference on the K Shares pursuant to the Company s organization documents has been paid in full, as well as upon any event of default. These amounts are included in due to related parties on the condensed consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Interest expense was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and is included in interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and in due to related parties on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. , consisting of K Shares, K-I Shares, K-T Shares, A Shares, and B Shares. The Company s K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares entitle the holders to per share on all matters upon which stockholders are entitled to vote and to receive distributions as authorized by the Company s board of directors. Holders of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares will be entitled to receive cumulative cash distributions on each share at the rate of per annum of each share's distribution base. Prior to March 31, 2020, distributions accrued at the rate of per annum of each share s distribution base. The distribution base was initially per K Share, per K-I Share and per K-T Share and was reduced for distributions that the board of directors declares and pays out of net sales proceeds from the sale or disposition of assets to the extent such distributions are not used to pay accumulated, accrued, and unpaid dividends on such K Shares, K-I Shares, and K-T Shares. K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares will rank, on a pro rata basis, senior to all other classes of stock with respect to distribution rights and rights upon the Company s liquidation. In certain situations (other than upon liquidation), the Company may have excess cash available for distribution and the board of directors may authorize special distributions in which case the holders of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares would receive of any such excess cash. Holders of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares would also generally be entitled to receive of any remaining liquidation cash pro rata based on the number of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares outstanding. A Shares entitle the holders to per share on all matters upon which stockholders are entitled to vote and to receive distributions and other distributions of excess cash as authorized by the Company s board of directors. Following the payment of all accumulated, accrued and unpaid distributions on K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares and payment of any accrued asset management fees (and any interest thereon), each A Share will be entitled to receive distributions at a rate not to exceed of the stated value of per share from income and cash flow from ordinary operations on a cumulative basis. In certain situations (other than upon liquidation), the Company may have excess cash available for distribution and the board of directors may authorize special distributions in which case the holders of A Shares will receive of any such excess cash on a pro rata basis. A Shares would also generally be entitled to receive of any remaining liquidation cash pro rata based on the number of A Shares outstanding. 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 , other than the right to vote on and approve any further issuances of or an increase in the authorized number of B Shares. In addition, if the Company were to list any shares of its common stock on a national securities exchange, the Company will repurchase its B Shares in accordance with its charter. Holders of B Shares are not entitled to distributions; however, in certain situations (other than upon liquidation) the Company may have excess cash available for distribution and the board of directors may authorize special distributions in which case the holders of B Shares would receive of any such excess cash on a pro rata basis. Holders of B Shares would also generally be entitled to receive of any remaining liquidation cash pro rata based on the number of B Shares outstanding. On September 29, 2016, the Company issued B Shares to S2K Servicing LLC. At the termination of the Private Offering on August 13, 2021, the Company had issued K Shares and A Shares to unaffiliated investors, resulting in receipt of gross proceeds of from K Share issuances and from A Share issuances. A Shares sold to unaffiliated investors were issued as part of a Unit in the Private Offering. As of the termination of the Public Offering, the Company had issued K Shares, K-I Shares, and K-T Shares to unaffiliated investors, resulting in receipt of gross proceeds of from K Share issuances, from K-I Share issuances, and from K-T Share issuances. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had issued K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares pursuant to the DRIP, resulting in gross proceeds pursuant to the DRIP of , and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had issued restricted K Shares to each of the Company s independent directors for a total of restricted K Shares in connection with the Company s long-term incentive plan, as described below. On February 27, 2020, as partial consideration for the Company s acquisition of the Hilton Garden Inn Providence, the Operating Partnership issued Class K OP Units valued at per Class K OP Unit. Such issuance represents a total investment of in Class K OP Units of the Operating Partnership. Individuals with direct or indirect interests in the sellers of the Hilton Garden Inn Providence who are direct or indirect owners of the Sponsor and PHA received only Class K OP Units and cash as consideration. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had issued A Shares to THR, an affiliate of PHA, for aggregate proceeds of , or per share. In addition, the Company issued additional A Shares to THR in exchange for notes receivable, payable to the Company upon demand. The note receivable from THR was reduced for amounts reimbursed to PHA by the Company for certain costs incurred on the Company s behalf, with no remaining balance as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company sold K-I Shares for aggregate proceeds of , or per K-I Share and sold K-T Shares for aggregate proceeds of , or per K-T Share, to an affiliate of the Company. As of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Section 5.2.7 of the Company s charter, K-T Shares converted to K Shares. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, pursuant to Section 5.2.7 of the Company s charter, there were K-T Shares converted to K Shares. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, pursuant to Section 5.2.7 of the Company s charter, K-T Shares converted to K Shares. PHA was obligated to purchase sufficient A Shares to fund payment of O O Costs associated with the Private Offering and was obligated to purchase sufficient A Shares to fund payment of O O Costs related to the Public Offering and also to account for the difference between the applicable NAV per K-I Share and the applicable offering price per K-I Share and any amount equal to any discount to the applicable offering price of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares (excluding volume discounts). PHA s obligation can be fulfilled by its affiliates, including the Sponsor or entities affiliated with the Sponsor. The Company paid the Dealer Manager, as dealer manager of the Private Offering, selling commissions of up to of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of K Shares and Units in the Private Offering. The Dealer Manager re-allowed all selling commissions to participating broker-dealers. The Company also paid the Dealer Manager, through the termination of the Public Offering, a dealer manager fee of up to of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares. The Dealer Manager could re-allow a portion of its dealer manager fees to participating broker-dealers. Selling commissions and dealer manager fees were paid with proceeds from the sale of A Shares to PHA or its affiliates. There were selling commissions or dealer manager fees payable on account of shares 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 of selling commissions and dealer manager fees in connection with the Private Offering. There have been additional selling commissions and dealer managers fees in connection with the Public Offering since 2021. The Company paid the Dealer Manager selling commissions of up to of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of K Shares and selling commissions of up to of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of K-T Shares in the primary portion of the Public Offering. selling commissions were payable in connection with the sale of K-I Shares. The Dealer Manager was able to re-allow all selling commissions to participating broker-dealers. The Company also paid the Dealer Manager a dealer manager fee of up to of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares sold in the primary portion of the Public Offering. The Dealer Manager allowed a portion of its dealer manager fees to participating broker-dealers. Selling commission and dealer manager fees were generally paid with proceeds from the sale of A Shares to PHA or its affiliates. There were selling commissions or dealer manager fees payable on account of shares of any class purchased by PHA, S2K Servicing LLC, or any K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares sold pursuant to the DRIP. The selling commissions and dealer manager fees may have been reduced or waived in connection with certain categories of sales. As of September 30, 2024, the Company recognized of selling commissions and dealer manager fees in connection with the Public Offering. There have been additional selling commissions and dealer managers fees in connection with the Public Offering since 2021. The Company also pays the Dealer Manager with respect to each K-T Share sold in the primary portion of the Public Offering, a stockholder servicing fee equal to , annualized, of the amount of the Company s estimated NAV per K-T Share for each K-T Share purchased in the primary portion of the Public Offering, for providing services to a holder of K-T Shares. The stockholder servicing fee accrues daily and is payable monthly in arrears. The Dealer Manager will reallow all or a portion of the stockholder servicing fee to participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers. The Company will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to K-T Shares sold in the primary portion of the Public Offering in accordance with the terms set forth in the prospectus portion of the Registration Statement. As of September 30, 2024, the Company recognized of stockholder servicing fees in connection with the Public Offering. If the Company s board of directors determines, in any year, that the Company has excess cash, the Company s board of directors will declare a special distribution entitling (a) the holders of K Shares, K-I Shares, K-T Shares to share, pro rata in accordance with the number of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares, of such excess cash (or of such excess cash if the A Shares have been repurchased in connection with a Non-cause Advisory Agreement Termination); (b) the holders of B Shares to share, pro rata in accordance with the number of B Shares, of excess cash; and (c) the holders of A Shares (including PHA or its affiliates) to share, pro rata in accordance with the number of A Shares, of such excess cash (unless all such A Shares previously have been repurchased in connection with a Non-cause Advisory Agreement Termination, in which case the excess cash otherwise apportioned to the A Shares would be distributed to the holders of the K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares as noted above). Upon a liquidation event, any remaining liquidation cash will be paid as a special distribution (a) to the holders of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares, pro rata in accordance with the number of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares, of such excess cash (or of such excess cash if the A Shares have been repurchased in connection with a Non-cause Advisory Agreement Termination); (b) to the holders of B Shares, pro rata in accordance with the number of B Shares, of excess cash; and (c) to the holders of A Shares (including PHA or its affiliates), pro rata in accordance with the number of A Shares, of such excess cash (unless all such A Shares previously have been repurchased in connection with a Non-cause Advisory Agreement Termination, in which case the excess cash otherwise apportioned to the A Shares would be distributed to the holders of the K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares as noted above). The Company established a long-term incentive plan pursuant to which the Company s board of directors (including independent directors), officers and employees, PHA and its affiliates and their respective employees, employees of entities that provide services to the Company, managers of the Company s advisor or directors or managers of entities that provide services to the Company and their respective employees, certain of the Company s consultants and certain consultants to PHA and its affiliates or entities that provide services to the Company and their 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 restricted K Shares in connection to his or her initial election to the board of directors. In addition, in connection with an independent director s re-election to the Company s board of directors at each annual meeting of stockholders, he or she will receive an additional restricted K Shares. Restricted K Shares issued to independent directors will vest in equal amounts annually over a period on and following the first anniversary of the date of grant in increments of per annum; provided, however, that the restricted K Shares will become fully vested on the earlier to occur of On February 11, 2019, the Company issued restricted K Shares to each of the Company s three independent directors for a total of restricted K Shares. These awards were in relation to their initial election to the board of directors and their re-election. An additional restricted K Shares were awarded to each independent director upon his or her re-election at the Company s annual meetings of stockholders on July 11, 2019, November 17, 2020, November 10, 2021, December 22, 2022 and December 22, 2023, respectively. Share Repurchase Program and Redeemable Common Stock The Company s share repurchase program may provide eligible stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to sell shares back to the Company, subject to restrictions and applicable law. The Company is not required to repurchase shares. The share repurchase program is only intended to provide interim liquidity to stockholders until a liquidity event occurs, such as the commencement of execution on a plan of liquidation, the listing of the K Shares, K-I Shares or K-T Shares (or successor security) on a national securities exchange, or the Company s merger with a listed company. The Company cannot guarantee that a liquidity event will occur. On October 26, 2018, the Company s board of directors approved and adopted the Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Program (the A R SRP ). The A R SRP provides that the Company will not repurchase in excess of of the weighted average number of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares outstanding during the trailing 12 months prior to the end of the fiscal quarter for which repurchases are being paid (provided, however, that while shares subject to a repurchase requested upon the death of a stockholder will be included in calculating the maximum number of shares that may be repurchased, shares subject to a repurchase requested upon the death of a stockholder will not be subject to the percentage cap). The A R SRP also provides that the Company will limit repurchases to the net proceeds received pursuant to the DRIP. Additionally, in the event that any stockholder fails to maintain a minimum balance of of K Shares, K-I Shares or K-T Shares, the Company may repurchase all of the shares held by that stockholder at the per share repurchase price in effect on the date the Company determines that the stockholder has failed to meet the minimum balance, less any applicable repurchase discount. Minimum account repurchases will apply even in the event that the failure to meet the minimum balance is caused solely by a decline in the Company s estimated NAV per share. In addition, the Company s repurchase of any shares will be limited to the extent that the Company does not have, as determined in the Company s board of directors discretion, sufficient funds available to fund any such repurchase. Most of the Company s assets will consist of properties which cannot be readily liquidated without affecting the Company s ability to realize full value upon their disposition. Therefore, the Company may not have sufficient liquid resources to satisfy all repurchase requests. In addition, the Company s board of directors may amend, suspend (in whole or in part) or terminate the A R SRP at any time upon 30 days notice to stockholders. Further, the Company s board of directors reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reject any requests for repurchases. In the event the Company cannot repurchase all shares presented for repurchase in any fiscal quarter, based upon insufficient cash available and/or the limit on the number of shares it may repurchase, the Company would give first priority to the repurchase of deceased stockholders shares. The Company would next give priority to (i) requests of stockholders with qualifying disabilities (as defined in the A R SRP), and in the discretion of the Company s board of directors, stockholders with another involuntary exigent circumstance, such as bankruptcy, and (ii) next, to requests for full repurchases of accounts with a balance of or less shares at the time the Company receives the request, in order to 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 days prior to the end of the applicable quarter. Valid repurchase requests will be honored approximately following the end of the applicable quarter (the Repurchase Date ). Stockholders may withdraw their repurchase request at any time up to five business days prior to the Repurchase Date. No shares can be repurchased under the Company s A R SRP until after the first anniversary of the date of purchase of such shares; provided, however, that this holding period shall not apply to repurchases requested within after the death or disability of a stockholder. Additionally, any shares purchased pursuant to the Company s DRIP will be excluded from the one-year holding requirement. For stockholders that have made more than one purchase of K Shares, K-I Shares or K-T Shares in the Public Offering and/or Private Offering, the one-year holding period will be calculated separately with respect to each such purchase. Repurchases of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares, when requested, are at the Company s sole discretion and generally will be made quarterly. Shares repurchased under the A R SRP program will become unissued shares and will not be resold unless such sales are made pursuant to transactions that are registered or exempt from registration under applicable securities laws. The Company will not pay its Sponsor, board of directors, PHA or their affiliates any fees to complete transactions under the A R SRP. The per share repurchase price will depend on the length of time the stockholder has held such shares as follows: 1 year 2 years 3 years 4 years In the event of a stockholder s death or disability Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to securities laws and regulations, at any time the Company is engaged in an offering, the repurchase amount shall never be more than the current offering price of such shares. Shares repurchased in connection with a stockholder s bankruptcy or other exigent circumstance, in the sole discretion of the Company s board of directors, within one year from the purchase date will be repurchased at a price per share equal to the price per share the Company would pay had the stockholder held the shares for one year from the purchase date. The purchase price for repurchased shares will be adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations, or similar corporate actions with respect to the Company s common stock. If the Company has sold any properties and have made one or more special distributions to stockholders of all or a portion of the net proceeds from such sales, the per share repurchase price will be reduced by the net sale proceeds per share distributed to stockholders prior to the Repurchase Date to the extent such distributions are not used to pay accumulated, accrued and unpaid distributions on such K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares. The Company s board of directors will, in its sole discretion, determine which distributions, if any, constitute a special distribution. While the Company s board of directors does not have specific criteria for determining a special distribution, the Company expects that a special distribution will occur only upon the sale of a property and the subsequent distribution of net sale proceeds. The Company generally repurchases shares approximately following the end of the applicable quarter in which requests were received. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 (1) 8/23/2023 - - 12/7/2023 - - 3/7/2024 - - 5/8/2024 - K 9/30/2023 (1) 12/7/2023 - - 3/7/2024 - - 5/8/2024 - K 12/31/2023 (1) 3/7/2024 - - 5/8/2024 - K 3/31/2024 (1) 5/8/2024 - K 6/30/2024 (1) 8/22/2024 - K 9/30/2024 TBD - - - - Total K Share redemption requests outstanding K-I 6/30/2023 (1) 8/23/2023 - 12/7/2023 - - 3/7/2024 - - 5/8/2024 - K-I 12/31/2023 (1) 3/7/2024 - - 5/8/2024 - K-I 3/31/2024 (1) 5/8/2024 - Total K-I Share redemption requests outstanding (1) Our board of directors determined that the funding limitation under the A R SRP was reached with respect to share repurchase requests for the quarters ended June 30, 2023, September 30, 2023, December 31, 2023, March 31, 2024, and June 30, 2024, as there were insufficient net proceeds from the DRIP to fund all share repurchase requests. 
 Distributions 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 The Company's board of directors will make determinations as to the payment of future distributions on a quarter-by-quarter basis; however, distributions will continue to accumulate pursuant to the Company's charter. On October 30, 2024, the Company s board of directors authorized the payment of distributions, with respect to the K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024, to the holders of record of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T shares as of the close of business on October 31, 2024. With respect to the K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024, the cumulative amount of distributions that had accumulated on a daily basis with respect to the K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares since September 30, 2024 was , or per K Share per day, , or per K-I Share per day, and , or per K-T Share per day, respectively. Such distributions were paid to stockholders in cash or in additional shares pursuant to the DRIP on November 5, 2024. On October 30, 2024, the Company s board of directors authorized the payment of distributions with respect to the Class K OP Units outstanding as of September 30, 2024, to the holders of record of Class K OP Units as of the close of business on October 31, 2024. With respect to the Class K OP Units outstanding as of September 30, 2024, the cumulative amount of distributions that had accumulated on a daily basis with respect to the Class K OP Units since September 30, 2024 was , or per Class K OP Unit. Such distributions were paid to stockholders in cash or in additional shares pursuant to the DRIP on November 5, 2024. and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recognized a consolidated income tax expense of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These amounts relate to the operations of the Company s TRSs. Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our financial statements and the reasons for changes in certain key components of our financial statements from period to period. The MD A also provides the reader with our perspective on our financial position and liquidity, as well as certain other factors that may affect our future results. As used herein, the terms we, our and us refer to Procaccianti Hotel REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation and, as required by context, Procaccianti Hotel REIT, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, which we refer to as our Operating Partnership, and to their respective subsidiaries. The following discussions and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Quarterly Report ). The following discussion should also be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements, the notes thereto, and the MD A included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 December 31, 2023, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 24, 2023 Annual Report ). Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements included in this Quarterly Report that are not historical facts (including any statements concerning investment objectives, other plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance, or assumptions or forecasts related thereto) are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). These statements are only predictions. We caution that forward-looking statements are not guarantees. Actual events or our investments and results of operations could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as may, should, expect, could, intend, plan, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, predict, potential or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements included herein are based upon our current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospectus include, but are not limited to: the impact of supply chain disruptions on our ability to comply with brand standards and guest expectations and the ability of our third-party managers to source supplies and other items required for operations; our ability to successfully negotiate amendments and covenant waivers under our secured and unsecured indebtedness; our ability to comply with contractual covenants; cyber incidents and information technology failures, including unauthorized access to our computer systems and/or our vendor s computer systems, and our third-party management companies or franchisors computer systems and/or their vendors computer systems; the impacts of artificial intelligence AI related to data privacy; business, financial and operating risks inherent to real estate investments and the hospitality industry; seasonal and cyclical volatility relating to the hospitality industry; adverse changes in specialized industries, such as the energy, technology and/or tourism industries, that result in a sustained downturn of related business and corporate spending that may negatively impact our revenues and results of operations; macroeconomic and other factors beyond our control that can adversely affect and reduce demand for hotel rooms; 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 domestic and global political risks and uncertainties, including the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and the United States, unrest in the Middle East and other economic disruptions and U.S. and global recession concerns, on our financial condition and results of operations; inflation which increases labor and other costs of providing services to guests and meeting hotel brand standards, as well as costs related to construction and other capital expenditures, property and other taxes, and insurance, which could result in reduced operating profit margins; events beyond our control, such as war, terrorist or cyber-attacks, pandemics or epidemics, mass casualty events, government shutdowns and closures, travel-related health concerns and natural disasters; changes in economic conditions generally and the real estate and debt markets specifically; our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms; our levels of debt and the terms and limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements; our ability to successfully identify and acquire properties on terms that are favorable to us; risks inherent in the real estate business, including potential liability relating to environmental matters and the lack of liquidity of real estate investments; changes in demand for rooms at our hotel properties; the fact that we pay fees and expenses to our advisor and its affiliates that were not negotiated on an arm s-length basis and the fact that the payment of these fees and expenses increases the risk that our stockholders will not earn a profit on their investment in us; our ability to retain our executive officers and other key personnel of our advisor, our property manager and other affiliates of our advisor; our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to pay distributions to our stockholders; legislative or regulatory changes (including changes to the laws governing the taxation of REITs (as defined below)); the availability of capital; changes in interest rates; and changes to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 
 Other risks include those described under the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors of Part I our Annual Report and subsequent quarterly reports. Any of the assumptions underlying forward-looking statements could be inaccurate. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Quarterly Report and the risk that actual results will differ materially from the expectations expressed in this Quarterly Report will increase with the passage of time. These risks and uncertainties may be amplified by the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the Hamas-Israel war and rising levels of inflation and interest rates, which have caused significant economic uncertainty. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date of this Quarterly Report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 included in this Quarterly Report, the inclusion of such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the objectives and plans set forth in this Quarterly Report will be achieved. Overview Procaccianti Hotel REIT, Inc. was formed on August 24, 2016, under the laws of Maryland to acquire and own a diverse portfolio of hospitality properties consisting primarily of select-service, extended-stay and compact full-service hotel properties throughout the United States. As of September 30, 2024, we owned an interest in five select-service hotel properties. We elected to be taxed as, and currently operate as, a real estate investment trust REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2018. Substantially all of our business is conducted through the Operating Partnership. We are the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. We are externally managed by our advisor, Procaccianti Hotel Advisors, LLC PHA pursuant to an advisory agreement by and among us, our Operating Partnership and PHA, dated August 2, 2018 (as amended, the Advisory Agreement ). PHA is an affiliate of our sponsor, Procaccianti Companies, Inc. Sponsor ). Subscription proceeds from Class K common stock K Shares ), Class K-I common stock K-I Shares and Class K-T common stock K-T Shares in our Private Offering and our Public Offering, which terminated in August 2021, as discussed below, have been applied to investments in hotel properties or real estate-related investments relating to hotel properties. We intend to make reserve allocations as necessary to aid our objective of preserving capital for investors by supporting the maintenance and viability of properties we acquire in the future. If reserves and any other available income become insufficient to cover our operating expenses and liabilities, it may be necessary to obtain additional funds by borrowing, refinancing properties or liquidating our investment in one or more properties. There is no assurance that such funds will be available or, if available, that the terms will be acceptable to us. We raised the equity capital for our real estate investments through a private offering (the Private Offering and a public offering (the Public Offering , together with the Private Offering, the Offerings from September 2016 through August 2021, and we have offered shares through our distribution reinvestment plan DRIP pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the DRIP Offering since August 2021. We terminated our Private Offering prior to the commencement of the Public Offering, and, as of such termination, received approximately 15,582,755 in gross proceeds from the sale of shares of Class K common stock K Shares and Class A common stock A Shares , including Units (which were comprised of one K Share and one A Share), in the Private Offering. Of the 15,582,755 in gross proceeds received, 2,954,095 was from the sale of A Shares to TPG Hotel REIT Investor, LLC THR ), an affiliate of PHA, to fund organization and offering expenses associated with the K Shares and Units. Since the commencement of the Public Offering and through September 30, 2024, we received approximately 41,875,257 in gross proceeds from the sale of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares in the Public Offering, inclusive of proceeds from the sale of 1,790,089 of K Shares, 1,212,443 of K-I Shares and 72,561 K-T Shares pursuant to the DRIP. Additionally, on October 26, 2018, June 10, 2019 and January 19, 2021, we received 1,500,000, 690,000 and 440,000, respectively, from the sale of A Shares to THR in private placements, the proceeds of which were used to pay the selling commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees, and other organizational and offering expenses related to the K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares sold in the primary offering portion of our Public Offering. In addition, we allocated proceeds from the sale of A Shares in amounts that represent the difference between (i) the applicable estimated net asset value NAV per K-I Share and the applicable offering price of K-I Shares sold in our primary offering and (ii) any discount to the applicable offering price of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares arising from reduced or waived selling commissions (other than reduced selling commissions for volume discounts) or dealer manager fees. On February 27, 2020, through a separate private placement and as partial consideration for our acquisition of the Hilton Garden Inn hotel property located in Providence, Rhode Island Hilton Garden Inn Providence ), the 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Partnership issued 128,124 Class K units of limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership ("Class K OP Units") at 10.00 per Class K OP Unit. We intend to establish an estimated per share net asset value Estimated Per Share NAV on at least an annual basis. Each Estimated Per Share NAV is determined by our board of directors after consultation with our advisor and an independent third-party valuation firm. The Estimated Per Share NAV is not subject to audit by our independent registered public accounting firm. The following table outlines the established Estimated Per Share NAV as determined by our board of directors for the last five years as of each valuation date presented below (which were the Estimated Per Shares NAVs for the K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares, unless otherwise indicated): 

Estimated Per Share NAV Valuation Date Effective Date Class K Class K-I Class K-T Class A Class B March 31, 2024 June 17, 2024 10.17 10.17 12.23 9.82 0.00 March 31, 2023 June 27, 2023 11.53 11.53 11.96 22.76 14.77 March 31, 2022 June 27, 2022 10.29 10.29 10.29 13.34 1.25 March 31, 2021 June 9, 2021 9.85 9.77 9.85 0.00 0.00 March 31, 2020 June 10, 2020 8.56 8.55 8.56 0.00 0.00 March 31, 2019 May 23, 2019 10.00 10.00 10.00 3.97 0.00 

Components of NAV 3/31/2024 Real Estate 125,620,000 Mortgage Notes Payable (62,963,558) Other Assets 10,934,792 Other Liabilities (5,036,385) Noncontrolling Interest (7,847,862) NAV 60,706,987 

Components of NAV by Share Class Class K Class K-I Class K-T Class A Class B Total Accrued Unpaid Distributions 672,843 239,381 6,702 2,287,044 - 3,205,970 Liquidation Preference 40,307,849 13,738,038 30,098 3,425,032 - 57,501,017 Remaining Distribution Allocation - - - - - - NAV 40,980,692 13,977,419 36,800 5,712,076 - 60,706,987 Shares Outstanding 4,030,785 1,373,804 3,010 581,410 125,000 Estimated Per Share NAV 10.17 10.17 12.23 9.82 0.00 The Estimated Per Share NAV of each of our classes of capital stock is calculated in accordance with our charter, as amended. Our NAV is, in accordance with our charter, allocated (i) first, to the liquidation preference on each of the K-I Shares, K Shares and K-T Shares equal to 10.00, plus all accumulated, accrued, and unpaid distributions on the K-I Shares, K Shares and K-T Shares, respectively, (ii) second, to the payment of any deferred and unpaid asset management fees, acquisition fees and disposition fees (including interest accrued on all such fees at a non-compounded rate of 6.0 per annum) to our advisor, (iii) third, to the liquidation preference on the A Shares equal to 10.00, plus all accumulated, accrued and unpaid distributions on the A Shares, and (iv) fourth, following the distribution and payment in full of all of the preceding obligations, (a) 50.0 of the remaining NAV is allocated to the holders of the K-I Shares, K Shares and K-T Shares (pro rata based on the number of K-I Shares, K Shares, and K-T Shares outstanding), (b) 12.5 of the remaining NAV is allocated to B Shares, and (c) 37.5 of remaining NAV is allocated to the A Shares. S2K Financial LLC was the dealer manager for our Public Offering and was responsible for the distribution of our common stock in our Public Offering. PHA is our advisor and is an affiliate of our Sponsor. Subject to certain restrictions and limitations, PHA manages our day-to-day operations and our portfolio of properties and real estate-related assets. PHA sources and presents investment opportunities to our board of directors and provides investment management, marketing, investor relations and other administrative services on our behalf. We have no paid employees and rely on PHA to provide substantially all of our services. Pursuant to our Advisory Agreement with PHA, we will reimburse PHA for costs incurred in providing these administrative services. PHA will be required to allocate the cost of such services to us based on objective factors such as total assets, revenues and/or time allocations. At least annually, our 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 board of directors will review the amount of administrative services expense reimbursable to PHA to determine whether such amounts are reasonable in relation to the services provided. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Sponsor requested reimbursement for 48,630 and 29,734, respectively, of such administrative service expenses. Of these amounts, 49,002 is included in due to related parties on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. In addition, pursuant to provisions contained in our charter and in the Advisory Agreement, our board of directors has the ongoing responsibility of limiting our total operating expenses (as defined in our charter) for the trailing four consecutive quarters to amounts that do not exceed the greater of 2 of our average invested assets (as defined in our charter) or 25 of our net income (as defined in our charter), calculated in the manner set forth in our charter, unless a majority of the directors (including a majority of the independent directors) has made a finding that, based on unusual and non-recurring factors that they deem sufficient, a higher level of expenses is justified. In the event that a majority of the directors (including a majority of the independent directors) does not determine that such excess expenses are justified, PHA must reimburse to us the amount of the excess expenses paid or incurred (the Excess Amount ). We incurred operating expenses of approximately 1,308,924 during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, which was within the 2 of average invested assets and 25 of net income limitations (as defined in our charter). Because we are prohibited from operating hotel properties pursuant to certain tax laws relating to our qualification as a REIT, the entities through which we own hotel properties will lease the hotel properties to one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ). A TRS is a corporate subsidiary of a REIT that jointly elects, with the REIT, to be treated as a TRS of the REIT, and that pays federal income tax at regular corporate rates on its taxable income. The TRSs will enter into any franchise agreements to brand our hotels and will generally enter into property management agreements with one or more affiliated property management companies. These may include TPG Hotels Resorts, Inc., an affiliate of our Sponsor and PHA, or TPG Hotels Resorts, Inc. s wholly owned subsidiaries, which we collectively refer to as TPG, or other affiliates or designees of TPG. We expect our property manager will operate and manage all or substantially all of our hotel properties. We anticipate that we will acquire properties with property management agreements that can be terminated with little or no cost. In such cases, our TRSs will enter into property management agreements with one or more property management companies affiliated with our Sponsor. We expect our property manager will operate and manage all or substantially all of our hotel properties. We collectively refer to TPG and other property management companies affiliated with our Sponsor as our property manager. PHA and affiliated property managers will be entitled to receive fees during the acquisition and operational stages of the Company, and PHA may be eligible to receive fees during the liquidation stage of the Company. S2K Financial LLC will receive fees for distribution and servicing of the DRIP Offering. We elected to be taxed as, and currently qualify as, a REIT under the Code commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2018. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax to the extent that we distribute qualifying dividends to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year following the year we initially elect to be taxed as a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes for four years following the year in which qualification is lost, unless the Internal Revenue Service grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. Failing to qualify as a REIT could materially and adversely affect our net income and results of operations. Recent Developments Our operations have been and are expected to continue to be impacted by economic and market conditions. Persisting market and economic challenges, such as increases in interest rates, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions and high inflation, could affect (i) the value and performance of our investments, (ii) our ability to pay future distributions, (iii) the availability or terms of financings, (iv) our ability to make scheduled principal and interest payments, and (v) our ability to refinance any outstanding debt when contractually due. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 Market Outlook While destination and leisure travel have rebounded and remain strong, business travel has been slower to recover. Newer headwinds including challenging interest rates, inflation, supply chain issues, insurance premiums, and labor costs present additional challenges which we believe may continue to hinder a full recovery of business travel throughout 2024 and 2025. The U.S. lodging industry has historically exhibited a strong correlation to U.S. GDP. CBRE (U.S. Hotels State of the Union Feb 2024 Edition) raised its 2024 GDP growth outlook from 1.2 to 1.6 . The positive GDP revision is predicated on moderating inflation, employment gains of 0.5 , and a 100 basis points (bps) reduction in interest rates. Additionally, wage growth continued to outpace inflation in December 2023. With wage growth outpacing inflation, and airfares declining year over year, consumers may have discretionary income to travel as supported by Transportation Security Administration TSA throughput which continues to post gains over 2019. Full-year 2023 TSA through put was 101 of 2019, increasing 12.4 year over year. In January of 2024, TSA throughput increased an additional 9.9 year over year, reaching 104 of 2019. Lower airfares have also contributed to a near full recovery in air travel. Inflation remains elevated and its impact on the U.S. economy and the impact of any measures that may be taken by government officials to curb inflation remain uncertain. Inflation may adversely affect financial condition and results of operations. An increase in inflation could have an adverse impact on floating rate mortgages, credit facilities, property operating expenses, and general and administrative expenses, as these costs could increase at a rate higher than revenue. Inflation could also have an adverse effect on consumer spending, which could impact our revenues. The hospitality sector entered 2024 on comparably stronger footing, however the horizon is not free of challenges. Travel costs have been on the rise, led by generally higher airfares, fuel costs and hotel rates. While pent-up demand has somewhat compensated for high inflation, the potential for a recession-driven pullback in consumer spending remains a credible risk to industry momentum. Scenic destinations that have outperformed in recent years may begin to revert to traditional demand levels. Businesses have suggested they may boost business travel this year, which, combined with additional international visitation and a larger convention slate, is poised to drive recovery in many of the nation s larger hospitality markets. Critical Accounting Policies Our accounting policies have been established to conform with GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires significant management judgments, assumptions and estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. A discussion of the accounting policies that management considers critical in that they involve significant management judgments, assumptions and estimates was included in our Annual Report. Income Taxes We elected to be taxed as, and currently qualify as, a REIT under the Code and have operated as such commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2018. To qualify as a REIT for tax purposes, we must meet certain organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute at least 90 of our annual REIT taxable income to our stockholders (which is computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP). We must also meet certain asset and income tests, as well as other requirements. As a REIT, we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax to the extent we make distributions to our stockholders equal to or in excess of our taxable income. We will monitor the business and transactions that may potentially impact our REIT status. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year following 2018, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates and generally would not be permitted to 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 qualify for treatment as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification is lost unless the Internal Revenue Service grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to our stockholders. However, we are, and intend to continue to be, organized and operated in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as a REIT. We lease our hotel properties to our wholly owned TRSs that are subject to federal, state and local income taxes. We account for income taxes of our TRSs using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. We record a valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets that are not expected to be realized. We have reviewed tax positions under GAAP guidance that clarify the relevant criteria and approach for the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions. The guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition of a tax position taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return. A tax position may only be recognized in the financial statements if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination. We had no material uncertain tax positions at September 30, 2024. The preparation of our various tax returns requires the use of estimates for federal and state income tax purposes. These estimates may be subjected to review by the respective taxing authorities. A revision to an estimate may result in an assessment of additional taxes, penalties and interest. At this time, a range in which our estimates may change is not expected to be material. We will account for interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax provisions in the current period s results of operations, if necessary. We have not been assessed interest or penalties by any major tax jurisdictions. We have tax years 2020 through 2023 remaining subject to examination by various federal and state tax jurisdictions. Distributions Our board of directors may authorize distributions in excess of those required for us to maintain REIT status as it deems appropriate. Through the first quarter of 2020, we paid regular quarterly distributions to our stockholders. Our board of directors may reconsider our current distribution policy and may take further action with respect to distributions for our common stock, and could consider eliminating, suspending, or significantly reducing distributions in the future. The timing and amount of distributions will be determined by our board of directors, in its sole discretion, and may vary from time to time. Our board of directors discretion will be influenced in substantial part by its obligation to cause us to comply with the REIT requirements of the Code. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to pay distributions on our K Shares, K-I Shares or K-T Shares. However, distributions will continue to accumulate pursuant to our charter. Our board of directors has adopted a policy to refrain from funding distributions with offering proceeds; instead, we plan to fund distributions from cash flows from operations and capital transactions (other than the Public Offering or other securities offerings but which may include the sale of one or more assets). However, our charter does not restrict us from paying distributions from any particular source, including proceeds from securities offerings, and our board of directors has the ability to change our policy regarding the source of distributions. However, in accordance with Maryland law, we may not make distributions that would: (1) cause us to be unable to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or (2) cause our total assets to be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus, unless our charter provides otherwise, senior liquidation preferences. Our charter currently provides that amounts that would be needed, if we were to dissolve at the time of such distributions, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of holders of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares shall not be added to our total liabilities for these purposes. Subject to the preceding, our board of directors will determine the amount of distributions we will pay to our stockholders. We have not established a minimum distribution level. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 For information on distributions paid during the three months ended September 30, 2024, refer to Note 6 Stockholders Equity to our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report. We have funded distributions with operating cash flows from our hotel properties and from the issuance of common stock pursuant to the DRIP. To the extent we do not have sufficient earnings and profits, distributions paid will be considered a return of capital to stockholders. The following table shows distributions paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Distributions paid in cash 2,238,049 2,244,497 Distributions reinvested 600,139 595,102 Total distributions 2,838,188 2,839,599 Source of distributions: Cash flows provided by operations 2,238,049 79 2,244,497 79 Offering proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to the DRIP 600,139 21 595,102 21 Total sources 2,838,188 100 2,839,599 100 Although a portion of the tax composition of such distributions may be a return of capital, distributions for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were paid for with gross cash flow from operations. To the extent we do not have taxable income, distributions paid will be considered a return of capital to stockholders. On March 3, 2020, our stockholders approved to amend our charter (1) to increase the rate at which cash distributions on K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares automatically accumulate under our charter from 6 to 7 per annum of the K Share Distribution Base of such K Share, K-I Share Distribution Base of such K-I Share and K-T Share Distribution Base of such K-T Share, respectively, and (2) to increase the maximum rate at which distributions on A Shares may be authorized by our board of directors and declared by us from 6 to 7 of the stated value of an A Share 10.00) from income and cash flow from ordinary operations on a cumulative basis. The changes pursuant to the Articles of Amendment to our charter became effective beginning with distributions that accumulated on March 31, 2020. We paid quarterly distributions with respect to all four quarters of 2023 and the first three quarters of 2024, funded from the operations of our hotel properties and proceeds received pursuant to the DRIP, consistent with prior distributions. Unpaid distributions will continue to accumulate pursuant to our charter. Our board of directors will make determinations as to the payment of future distributions on a quarter by quarter basis; however, distributions will continue to accumulate pursuant to our charter. Results of Operations The discussion that follows is based on our consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Factors That May Influence Results of Operations We are not aware of any material trends or uncertainties, other than national economic conditions affecting real estate generally and those risks listed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of our Annual Report and in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Quarterly Report that may be reasonably expected to have a `material impact, favorable or unfavorable, on revenues or income from the acquisition, management and operation of our properties. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Rooms revenues We expect the majority of our revenues to be derived from the operation of our hotel properties. Rooms revenues are the product of the number of rooms sold and the average daily room rate. Rooms revenues increased to 9,759,659 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 9,577,029 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The net increase of 182,630, or 1.91 , was largely due to increases in occupancy. The following presents the hotel operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2024: 

Total Portfolio July August September Number of hotels 5 5 5 Number of rooms 559 559 559 Average Occupancy Percentage 80.51 79.65 75.61 Average Daily Rate ADR 268.15 247.30 205.43 Revenue Per Available Room RevPAR 215.90 196.98 155.33 The following presents the hotel operating results for the three months ended September 30, 2023: 

Total Portfolio July August September Number of hotels 5 5 5 Number of rooms 559 559 559 Average Occupancy Percentage 81.14 78.66 73.05 ADR 263.47 240.08 212.25 RevPAR 213.77 188.85 155.10 A comparison of hotel rooms revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows: 

Three Months Ended September 30, Increase Increase 2024 2023 (Decrease) (Decrease) Springhill Suites Wilmington 1,345,587 1,327,051 18,536 1.40 Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg 1,133,866 1,271,885 (138,019) (10.85) Hotel Indigo Traverse City 3,148,614 3,212,117 (63,503) (1.98) Hilton Garden Inn Providence 2,131,626 1,884,012 247,614 13.14 Cherry Tree Inn 1,999,966 1,881,964 118,002 6.27 9,759,659 9,577,029 182,630 1.91 The increase in rooms revenues of 18,536, or 1.4 , at the Springhill Suites Wilmington is primarily driven by an increase in occupancy. Occupancy at the Springhill Suites Wilmington increased from 74.94 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 77.62 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The ADR at the Springhill Suites Wilmington decreased from 159.37 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 157.12 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.41 . The decrease in rooms revenues of 138,019, or 10.85 , at the Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg is driven by a decrease in both occupancy and ADR. Occupancy at the Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg decreased from 75.62 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 72.15 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The ADR at the 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg decreased from 153.26 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 143.29 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 6.51 . The decrease in rooms revenues of 63,503, or 1.98 , at the Hotel Indigo Traverse City is primarily driven by a decrease in occupancy. Occupancy at the Hotel Indigo Traverse City decreased from 90.89 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 89.22 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The ADR at the Hotel Indigo Traverse City increased from 356.86 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 357.35 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 0.14 . The increase in rooms revenues of 247,614, or 13.14 , at the Hilton Garden Inn Providence is driven by an increase in both occupancy and ADR. Occupancy at the Hilton Garden Inn Providence increased from 71.90 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 73.70 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The ADR at the Hilton Garden Inn Providence increased from 207.88 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 229.48 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 10.39 . The increase in rooms revenues of 118,002, or 6.27 , at the Cherry Tree Inn is primarily driven by an increase in occupancy compared to the prior year. Occupancy at the Cherry Tree Inn increased from 76.55 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 84.30 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The ADR at the Cherry Tree Inn decreased from 346.05 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 336.40 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 2.79 . Food and beverage revenues Food and beverage revenues decreased to 990,011 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 1,061,479 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. These amounts are comprised of revenues realized in hotel food and beverage outlets as well as catering events. The 71,468 decrease from the prior year period is primarily due to a decrease in functions at HGI, correlating to a decrease in food and beverage revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Other operating revenues Other operating revenues increased to 450,203 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 347,705 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. These amounts include ancillary hotel revenues and other items primarily driven by occupancy such as telephone/internet, parking, gift shops, and other guest services. The 102,498 increase from the prior year period is primarily due to increases in resort fees at the Cherry Tree Inn and parking revenues. Rooms expenses Rooms expenses increased to 1,730,483 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 1,710,208 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 20,275 net increase in rooms expenses is primarily due to increased housekeeping expenses. Rooms expenses are typically primarily driven by the corresponding revenue account and occupancy. Rooms expenses of 1,730,483 and 1,710,208 represent 17.7 and 17.9 of rooms revenues for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Food and beverage expenses Food and beverage expenses were 564,890 and 550,315 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The 14,575 increase in food and beverage expenses is primarily due to increased costs for food and beverage. Food and beverage expenses are historically primarily driven by the corresponding revenue account and occupancy. Food and beverage expenses represent 57.1 and 51.8 of food and beverage revenues for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 Other property expenses Other property expenses were 3,152,258 and 3,041,061, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These amounts include maintenance, utilities, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses of the hotel properties, as well as net franchise fees, property taxes and other taxes. The 112,197 increase in other property expenses is primarily driven by an increase in property taxes. Property management fees to affiliates Property management fees to affiliates were 335,856 and 329,697 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Property management fees are property level expenses equal to 3 of the hotel properties gross revenues and we expect them to fluctuate accordingly. Corporate general and administrative Corporate general and administrative expenses were 280,147 and 320,940 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Corporate general and administrative expenses consist primarily of transfer agent fees, fees paid to the board of directors, audit and tax fees, and other professional services fees. Other fees to affiliates Other fees to affiliates were 230,795 and 209,558 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Other fees to affiliates include asset management fees due to PHA that are paid quarterly in arrears equal to one-fourth of 0.75 of the adjusted cost of our assets. Asset management fees increased to 182,165 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 182,544 for the three months ended September 30, 2023.Other fees to affiliates also includes certain administrative fees charged to us by our Sponsor. Such administrative fees were 48,630 and 29,734 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization expenses were 1,079,125 and 1,031,180 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These amounts include depreciation on our hotel buildings, improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, along with amortization of our franchise fees and certain intangibles. Interest expense, net Interest expense, net, was 986,900 and 744,035 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.The increase of 242,865 is attributable to the refinancing of the St. Peterburg Note, The Wilimington Note, and the CTI Note at an increased interest rate. Interest expense includes monthly fixed rate payments on the outstanding mortgage notes payable balance, accrued interest on the outstanding asset management fees, acquisition fees and promissory notes from PHA and our Sponsor, and the amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts or premiums. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 53,170 of interest expense relating to the amortization of the fair value of debt premium, offset by 33,079 relating to the amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we earned 33,079 of interest income relating to the amortization of the fair value of debt premium, offset by 30,417 relating to the amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts. Interest income on interest-bearing cash accounts was 80,208 and 72,328 for three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Interest income is presented as a reduction of the total interest expense on the consolidated income statement. 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 Gain (Loss) on interest rate swap/cap Unrealized loss on our interest rate swap was 0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 42,035 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The interest rate swap was terminated in connection with the June 6, 2024 refinancing of the TCI Note. Income tax expense Income tax expense was 261,801 and 193,881 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. They related to activity at the TRSs. Net Income For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had net income of 2,577,617 and 2,814,303, respectively. The decrease in net income of 236,686 is the result of the revenue and expense changes discussed above. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income relating to noncontrolling interests was 80,429 and 184,066 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This amount includes net income or losses attributable to a third-party s 49 ownership interest in PCF and will fluctuate accordingly with any increases or decreases to net income of PCF. This amount also includes net income or losses attributable to the noncontrolling Class K OP Units issued as part of the Hilton Garden Inn Providence acquisition. The noncontrolling Class K OP Units are allocated net income or loss attributable to the Operating Partnership based on the total outstanding Class K OP Units as a percentage of all our outstanding common stock. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Rooms revenues We expect the majority of our revenues to be derived from the operation of our hotel properties. Rooms revenues are the product of the number of rooms sold and the average daily room rate. Rooms revenues increased to 22,140,044 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 21,492,976 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net increase of 647,068, or 3.01 , was largely due to increases in occupancy. The following presents the hotel operating results for the three quarters ended September 30, 2024: 

First Second Third Quarter Quarter Quarter 2024 2024 2024 Number of hotels 5 5 5 Number of rooms 559 559 559 Average Occupancy Percentage 61.56 77.25 78.62 ADR 150.60 191.46 241.37 RevPar 95.11 148.27 189.77 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 The following presents the hotel operating results for the three quarters ended September 30, 2023: 

First Second Third Quarter Quarter Quarter 2023 2023 2023 Number of hotels 5 5 5 Number of rooms 559 559 559 Average Occupancy Percentage 61.13 73.03 77.61 ADR 149.96 192.03 239.78 RevPar 94.60 140.87 185.91 A comparison of hotel rooms revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase Increase 2024 2023 (Decrease) (Decrease) Springhill Suites Wilmington 3,783,499 3,419,963 363,536 10.63 Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg 4,281,560 4,567,748 (286,188) (6.27) Hotel Indigo Traverse City 5,682,076 5,777,782 (95,706) (1.66) Hilton Garden Inn Providence 5,028,020 4,439,943 588,077 13.25 Cherry Tree Inn 3,364,889 3,287,540 77,349 2.35 22,140,044 21,492,976 647,068 3.01 The increase in rooms revenues of 363,536, or 10.63 , at the Springhill Suites Wilmington is driven by an increase in occupancy offset by a slight decrease in ADR. Occupancy at the Springhill Suites Wilmington increased from 70.74 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 78.94 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The ADR at the Springhill Suites Wilmington decreased slightly from 147.58 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 145.77 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.23 . The decrease in rooms revenues of 286,188, or 6.27 , at the Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg is driven by a decrease in both occupancy and ADR. Occupancy at the Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg decreased from 79.41 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 74.83 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The ADR at the Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg decreased from 177.05 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 175.49 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 0.88 . The decrease in rooms revenues of 95,706, or 1.66 , at the Hotel Indigo Traverse City is primarily driven by a decrease in occupancy. Occupancy at the Hotel Indigo Traverse City decreased from 78.49 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 76.09 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The ADR at the Hotel Indigo Traverse City increased from 251.99 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 254.79 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.11 . The increase in rooms revenues of 588,077, or 13.25 , at the Hilton Garden Inn Providence is driven by an increase in occupancy and ADR. Occupancy at the Hilton Garden Inn Providence increased from 60.71 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 65.95 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The ADR at the Hilton Garden Inn Providence increased from 195.54 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 203.09 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 3.86 . The increase in rooms revenues of 77,349, or 2.35 , at the Cherry Tree Inn is primarily driven by an increase in occupancy compared to the prior year. Occupancy at the Cherry Tree Inn increased from 63.54 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 65.44 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The ADR at the Cherry Tree Inn 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 decreased from 249.36 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 246.91 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 0.98 . Food and beverage revenues Food and beverage revenues decreased to 1,906,741 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 2,095,574 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These amounts are comprised of revenues realized in hotel food and beverage outlets as well as catering events. The 188,833 decrease from the prior year period is primarily due to inclement weather at TCI, correlating to a decrease in food and beverage revenue of the rooftop restaurant during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Other operating revenues Other operating revenues increased to 1,052,004 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 830,139 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These amounts include ancillary hotel revenues and other items primarily driven by occupancy such as telephone/internet, parking, gift shops, and other guest services. The 221,865 increase from the prior year period is primarily due to an increase in parking revenues and an increase in resort fees at CTI. Rooms expenses Rooms expenses increased to 4,532,635 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 4,453,127 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 79,508 net increase in rooms expenses is primarily due to increased housekeeping and complimentary breakfast expenses resulting from the overall increase in occupancy. Rooms expenses are typically primarily driven by the corresponding revenue account and occupancy. Rooms expenses of 4,532,635 and 4,453,127 represent 20.5 and 20.7 of rooms revenues for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Food and beverage expenses Food and beverage expenses were 1,263,720 and 1,248,390 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Food and beverage expenses are historically primarily driven by the corresponding revenue account and occupancy. Food and beverage expenses represent 66.28 and 59.6 of food and beverage revenues for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The percentage increase is primarily due to the increase in occupancy. Other property expenses Other property expenses were 8,447,895 and 8,019,694, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The 428,201 increase in other property expenses is primarily driven by an increase in management fees, maintenance and professional fees. These amounts also include maintenance, utilities, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses of the hotel properties, as well as net franchise fees, property taxes and other taxes. Property management fees to affiliates Property management fees to affiliates were 753,031 and 732,936 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Property management fees are property level expenses equal to 3 of the hotel properties gross revenues and we expect them to fluctuate accordingly. Corporate general and administrative Corporate general and administrative expenses were 925,360 and 1,026,274 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Corporate general and administrative expenses consist primarily of transfer 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 agent fees, fees paid to the board of directors, audit and tax fees, and other professional services fees. The 100,444 decrease in other property expenses is primarily attributable to a decrease in insurance expense. Other fees to affiliates Other fees to affiliates were 683,613 and 644,041 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Other fees to affiliates include asset management fees due to PHA that are paid quarterly in arrears equal to one-fourth of 0.75 of the adjusted cost of our assets. Asset management fees increased to 544,779 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 537,840 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other fees to affiliates also includes certain administrative fees charged to us by our Sponsor. Such administrative fees were 138,333 and 106,201 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization expenses were 3,190,502 and 3,060,341 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These amounts include depreciation on our hotel buildings, improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, along with amortization of our franchise fees and certain intangibles. Interest expense, net Interest expense, net, was 2,756,032 and 2,159,796 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase of 596,236 is attributable to the refinancing of the St. Peterburg Note, the Wilimington Note, and the CTI Note at an increased interest rate. Interest expense includes monthly fixed rate payments on the outstanding mortgage notes payable balance, accrued interest on the outstanding asset management fees, acquisition fees and promissory notes from PHA and our Sponsor, and the amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts or premiums. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 130,994 of interest expense relating to the amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts, offset by 99,239 relating to the amortization of the fair value of debt premium. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred 98,692 of interest expense relating to the amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts, offset by 99,237, relating to the amortization of the fair value of debt premium. Interest income on interest-bearing cash accounts was 205,936 and 176,338 for nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Interest income is presented as a reduction of the total interest expense on the consolidated income statement. Gain (Loss) on interest rate swap/cap Gain on our interest rate swap was 7,237 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Unrealized loss on our interest rate cap was 146,890 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The interest rate swap was terminated in connection with the June 6, 2024 refinancing of the TCI Note. Income tax expense Income tax expense was 16,064 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Income tax expense was 8,117 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. They related to activity at the TRSs. Net income For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had net income of 2,537,173 and net income of 2,919,083 respectively. The decrease in net income of 381,910 is the result of the revenue and expense changes discussed above. 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income relating to noncontrolling interests was 460,108 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net income relating to noncontrolling interests of 646,469 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This amount includes net income or losses attributable to a third-party s 49 ownership interest in PCF and will fluctuate accordingly with any increases or decreases to net income of PCF. This amount also includes net income or losses attributable to the noncontrolling Class K OP Units issued as part of the Hilton Garden Inn Providence acquisition. The noncontrolling Class K OP Units are allocated net income or loss attributable to the Operating Partnership based on the total outstanding Class K OP Units as a percentage of all our outstanding common stock. Liquidity and Capital Resources We paid quarterly distributions with respect to all four quarters of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024, with operating cash flow, consistent with prior distributions. Our board of directors will make determinations as to the payment of future distributions on a quarter-by-quarter basis; however, distributions will continue to accumulate pursuant to our charter. Our sources of funds are primarily funds equal to amounts reinvested in the DRIP, operating cash flows and borrowings. Our principal demands for funds will be for improvement costs, the payment of our operating and administrative expenses, continuing debt service obligations and distributions to and repurchases from our stockholders. Should we acquire additional assets, we intend to use cash and mortgage or other debt. PHA and its affiliates have agreed to purchase A Shares in a private placement in order to provide us with funds sufficient to pay the selling commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees, and other organizational and offering expenses related to the K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares sold in the primary offering portion of our Public Offering. In addition, we will allocate proceeds from the sale of A Shares in amounts that represent the difference between (i) the applicable Estimated Per Share NAV per K-I Share and the applicable offering price of K-I Shares sold in our primary offering and (ii) any discount to the applicable offering price of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares arising from reduced or waived selling commissions (other than reduced selling commissions for volume discounts) or dealer manager fees. In addition, in a normal operating environment, we expect to use debt financing as a source of capital. Our charter provides that the maximum amount of our total indebtedness shall not exceed 300 of our total net assets (as defined in accordance with Statement of Policy Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts revised and adopted by the North American Securities Administrators Association on May 7, 2007) as of the date of any borrowing, which is generally expected to be approximately 75 of the cost of our investments; however, we may exceed that limit if approved by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed to stockholders in our next quarterly report following such borrowing along with justification for exceeding such limit. This charter limitation, however, does not apply to individual real estate assets or investments. In addition, it is currently our intention to limit our aggregate borrowings to 50 of the aggregate fair market value of our assets, unless borrowing a greater amount is approved by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed to stockholders in our next quarterly report following such borrowing along with justification for borrowing such a greater amount. This limitation, however, will not apply to individual real estate assets or investments. At the date of acquisition of each asset, we anticipate that the cost of investment for such asset will be substantially similar to its fair market value. However, subsequent events, including changes in the fair market value of our assets, could result in our exceeding these limits. Potential future sources of capital include secured or unsecured financings from banks or other lenders, establishing additional lines of credit and undistributed cash flow. Note that, currently, we have not identified any additional sources of financing and there is no assurance that such sources of financings will be available on favorable terms or at all. We believe that cash and restricted cash on hand, cash from operations and borrowings from other sources, including advances from PHA and our Sponsor, if necessary, will be sufficient to fund our operating and administrative expenses and continuing debt service obligations over the next twelve months. 

 42 

Table of Contents 
 Sources and Uses of Cash Proceeds from the sale of common stock in the Private Offering and Public Offering were partially used to fund our investments in hotel properties and the related costs associated with the transactions. The remaining proceeds are held in liquid cash accounts. Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we owned an interest in five hotel properties. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was 5,900,438 compared to the net cash provided by operating activities of 6,303,615 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our operating cash flows during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were the result of our net income, offset by adjustments for non-cash expenses, including depreciation and amortization, the change in fair value of the interest rate swap agreement and by adjustments for receivables, other assets, amounts due to and from related parties, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Our operating cash flows during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were the result of our net loss, offset by adjustments for non-cash expenses, including depreciation and amortization, the change in fair value of the interest rate cap agreement and by adjustments for receivables, other assets, amounts due to and from related parties, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities will vary based on the funds raised by the issuance of shares of common stock pursuant to the DRIP and how quickly we invest those funds towards acquisitions or improvements of real estate and real-estate related investments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities was 963,036 and was the result of capital improvements at our hotel properties. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in investing activities was 768,983 and was the result of capital improvements at our hotel properties. Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in financing activities was 3,627,991. We refinanced the notes secured by the Springhill Suites Wilmington (the Wilmington Note ), the note secured by the Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg (the St. Petersburg Note and the note secured by the Hotel Indigo, Traverse City (the Indigo Note ), paying the old notes of 10,569,193, 12,497,424 and 15,092,000, and borrowing 10,850,000, 12,820,000 and 15,600,000, respectively . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made other principal payments on the Wilmington Note, the St. Petersburg Note, the note secured by the Hilton Garden Inn Providence (the HGI Note and the note secured by the Cherry Tree Inn (the CTI Note totaling 38,683,151. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid cash distributions of 2,237,684 to stockholders with proceeds from operations. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 599,647 of outstanding shares of common stock. Cash flow from financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, also includes 649,250 of distributions to noncontrolling interests. Additionally, we paid stockholder servicing fees totaling 127. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was 4,481,667. We paid stockholder servicing fees totaling 1,145. We received 135,495 of mortgage note proceeds related to capital improvements at the Cherry Tree Inn. We made principal payments on the Wilmington Note, the St. Petersburg Note, and the HGI Note totaling 511,347. We paid deferred financing costs of 38,534 related to extending the TCI Note. We paid cash distributions of 2,244,497 to stockholders with proceeds from operations. Cash flow from financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, also includes 884,450 of distributions to noncontrolling interests. Additionally, we repurchased 937,189 of outstanding shares of common stock. 

 43 

Table of Contents 
 Debt We intend to maintain amounts outstanding under long-term debt arrangements or lines of credit so that we will have more funds available for investment in properties. However, the percentage of debt financing we utilize at any given time will be dependent upon various factors to be considered in the sole discretion of our board of directors, including, but not limited to, our ability to pay distributions, the availability of properties meeting our investment criteria, the availability of debt financing, and changes in the cost of debt financing. To help finance our initial acquisitions, we may utilize short-term borrowings. However, after our initial property acquisitions, as a general principle, we anticipate that the term of any debt financing we utilize will correspond to the anticipated holding period for the respective property. We may repay borrowings under any future credit facility or under any future long-term mortgage debt with proceeds from the sale of properties, operating cash flow, long-term mortgage debt, proceeds from the DRIP, proceeds from any future offerings, or proceeds from any other future securities offerings. The TCI Note was refinanced as of June 6, 2024. The TCI Note bears interest at a fixed per annum rate equal to 2.50 in excess of the yield on United States Treasury Securities adjusted to a constant maturity of three years as made available by the Federal Reserve Board, or 7.025 , during the initial three year term. The TCI Note provides for interest only monthly payments for the initial three year term. After the interest only period, principal will be amortized over a 30-year amortization schedule at a fixed per annum rate of interest equal to 2.50 in excess of the yield on United States Treasury Securities adjust to a constant maturnity of one year as made available by the Federal Reserve Board thereafter to maturity on June 6, 2028. The loan agreement allows for two one-year extensions. The TCI Note is collateralized by the Hotel Indigo Traverse City, including equipment, and is guaranteed by the Company. As of September 30, 2024, all required payments were made as agreed. Annual compliance testing will commence as of December 31 2024. The HGI Note requires monthly interest and principal payments based on a 30-year amortization schedule at a fixed rate of 4.25 . As of September 30, 2024, we believe the Operating Partnership and its subsidiary for the Hilton Garden Inn Providence were in compliance with their loan requirements, including applicable covenants, and all required payments have been made as agreed. The St. Petersburg Note was refinanced as of April 25, 2024. The St. Petersburg Note bears interest at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a SOFR rate margin of 2.50 . The St. Petersburg Note requires monthly interest payments for the first two years, and monthly principal and interest payments based on a 25-year amortization schedule thereafter to maturity on April 25, 2029. The St. Petersburg Note is collateralized by the Staybridge Suites St. Petersburg, including equipment. The St. Petersburg Note is also guaranteed by the Company and is cross-collaterized by the Wilmington Note. As of September 30, 2024, all required payments were made as agreed. Annual compliance testing will commence as of December 31, 2024. The Wilmington Note was refinanced as of April 25, 2024. The Wilmington Note bears interest at the SOFR plus a SOFR rate margin of 2.50 . The Wilmington Note requires monthly interest payments for the first two years, and monthly principal and interest payments based on a 25-year amortization schedule thereafter to maturity on April 25, 2029. The Wilmington Note is collateralized by the Springhill Suites Wilmington, including equipment. The Wilmington Note is also guaranteed by the Company, and is cross collaterized by the St. Petersburg Note. As of September 30, 2024, all required payments were made as agreed. Annual compliance testing will commence as of December 31, 2024. The note secured by the Cherry Tree Inn requires monthly interest payments at a fixed rate of 3.91 through November 23, 2023 and subsequent to November 23, 2023, monthly principal and interest payments of 52,601 through November 23, 2026, the maturity date. As of September 30, 2024, we believe the Operating Partnership and its subsidiary for the Cherry Tree Inn were in compliance with their loan requirements, including applicable covenants, and all required payments have been made as agreed. 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 Contractual Obligations We enter into contracts that contain a variety of indemnification provisions. Our maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown; however, we have not had prior claims or losses pursuant to these contracts. Our management has reviewed our existing contracts and expects the risk of loss to us to be remote. Our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024 are as follows: 

2024 2025-2026 2027-2028 Thereafter Total Outstanding debt obligations 274,729 25,808,827 768,922 38,162,225 65,014,702 Interest payments on outstanding debt obligations 1,938,257 6,930,509 5,891,727 1,273,772 16,034,265 Total 2,212,986 32,739,336 6,660,649 39,435,997 81,048,967 Funds from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations One of our objectives is to provide cash distributions to our stockholders from cash generated by our operations. The purchase of real estate assets and real estate-related investments and the corresponding expenses associated with that process are operational features of our business plan in order to generate cash from operations. Due to certain unique operating characteristics of real estate companies, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Nareit ), an industry trade group, has promulgated a measure known as funds from operations FFO ), which we believe is an appropriate supplemental measure to reflect the operating performance of a REIT. FFO is not equivalent to our net income (loss) as determined under GAAP. We define FFO, consistent with Nareit s definition, as net income (loss) (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property and asset impairment write-downs, plus depreciation and amortization of real estate assets, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. We, along with others in the real estate industry, consider FFO to be an appropriate supplemental measure of a REIT s operating performance because it is based on a net income (loss) analysis of property portfolio performance that excludes non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization and asset impairment write-downs, which we believe provides a more complete understanding of our performance to investors and to our management, and when compared year over year, reflects the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy. Historical accounting convention (in accordance with GAAP) for real estate assets requires companies to report its investment in real estate at its carrying value, which consists of capitalizing the cost of acquisitions, development, construction, improvements and significant replacements, less depreciation and amortization and asset impairment write-downs, if any, which is not necessarily equivalent to the fair market value of its investment in real estate assets. The historical accounting convention requires straight-line depreciation of buildings and improvements, which implies that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time, which could be the case if such assets are not adequately maintained or repaired and renovated as required by relevant circumstances and/or as requested or required by lessees for operational purposes in order to maintain the value disclosed. We believe that, since fair value of real estate assets historically rises and falls with market conditions including, but not limited to, inflation, interest rates, the business cycle, unemployment and consumer spending, presentations of operating results for a REIT using historical accounting for depreciation could be less informative. In addition, we believe it is appropriate to disregard asset impairment write-downs as they are a non-cash adjustment to recognize losses on prospective sales of real estate assets. Since losses from sales of real estate assets are excluded from FFO, we believe it is appropriate that asset impairment write-downs in advancement of realization of losses should be excluded. Impairment write-downs are based on negative market fluctuations and underlying assessments of general market conditions. When indicators of potential impairment suggest that the carrying value of real estate and related assets may not be recoverable, we assess the recoverability by estimating whether we will recover 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 the carrying value of the asset through undiscounted future cash flows and eventual disposition (including, but not limited to, net rooms revenues, net proceeds on the sale of property and any other ancillary cash flows at a property or group level under GAAP). If based on this analysis, we do not believe that we will be able to recover the carrying value of the real estate asset, we will record an impairment write-down to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the real estate asset. Testing for indicators of impairment is a continuous process and is analyzed on a quarterly basis. Investors should note, however, that determinations of whether impairment charges have been incurred are based partly on anticipated operating performance, because estimated undiscounted future cash flows from a property, including estimated future net rooms revenues, net proceeds on the sale of the property, and certain other ancillary cash flows, are taken into account in determining whether an impairment charge has been incurred. While impairment charges are excluded from the calculation of FFO as described above, investors are cautioned that due to the fact that impairments are based on estimated future undiscounted cash flows and that we intend to have a relatively limited term of our operations, it could be difficult to recover any impairment charges through the eventual sale of the property. No impairment losses have been recorded to date. Publicly registered, non-listed REITs, such as us, typically have a significant amount of acquisition activity and are substantially more dynamic during their initial years of investment and operations. While other start up entities may also experience significant acquisition activity during their initial years, we believe that publicly registered, non-listed REITs are unique in that they have a limited life with targeted exit strategies within a relatively limited time frame after the acquisition activity ceases. We used the proceeds from our offerings to acquire real estate assets and real estate-related investments, and we intend to begin the process of achieving a liquidity event (i.e., listing of our shares of common stock on a national securities exchange, a merger or sale, the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or another similar transaction) within five to seven years after the completion of our offering stage, which is generally comparable to other publicly registered, non-listed REITs. Thus, we do not intend to continuously purchase real estate assets and intend to have a limited life. Due to these factors and other unique features of publicly registered, non-listed REITs, the Institute for Portfolio Alternatives IPA ), an industry trade group, has standardized a measure known as modified FFO MFFO ), which we believe to be another appropriate supplemental measure to reflect the operating performance of a publicly registered, non-listed REIT. MFFO is a metric used by management to evaluate sustainable performance and distribution policy. MFFO is not equivalent to our net income (loss) as determined under GAAP. We define MFFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent with the IPA s Guideline 2010-01, Supplemental Performance Measure for Publicly Registered, Non-Listed REITs: Modified Funds from Operations Practice Guideline ), issued by the IPA in November 2010. The Practice Guideline defines MFFO as FFO further adjusted for the following items included in the determination of GAAP net income (loss): acquisition fees and expenses; amounts related to straight-line rental income and amortization of above and below intangible lease assets and liabilities; accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on debt investments; mark-to-market adjustments included in net income (loss); nonrecurring gains or losses included in net income (loss) from the extinguishment or sale of debt, hedges, foreign exchange, derivatives or securities holdings where trading of such holdings is not a fundamental attribute of the business plan; unrealized gains or losses resulting from consolidation from, or deconsolidation to, equity accounting; adjustments related to contingent purchase price obligations where such adjustments have been included in the derivation of GAAP net income (loss); and after adjustments for a consolidated and unconsolidated partnership and joint ventures, with such adjustments calculated to reflect MFFO on the same basis. Our MFFO calculation complies with the IPA s Practice Guideline, described above. In calculating MFFO, we exclude paid and accrued acquisition fees and expenses that are reported in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Since MFFO excludes acquisition fees and expenses, it should not be construed as a historic performance measure. Acquisition fees and expenses are paid in cash by us. Acquisition fees and expenses include payments to PHA or its affiliates and third parties. Such fees and expenses will not be reimbursed by PHA or its affiliates and third parties, and therefore if there are no further proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock to fund future acquisition fees and expenses, such fees and expenses will need to be paid from either additional debt, operational earnings or cash flows, net proceeds from the sale of properties, or from ancillary cash flows. As a result, the amount of proceeds available for investment and operations would be reduced, or we may incur additional interest expense as a result of borrowed funds. Nevertheless, PHA or its affiliates will not accrue any claim on our assets if acquisition fees and expenses are not paid from the proceeds of our offerings. Under GAAP, acquisition fees and expenses related to the acquisition of properties determined to be business combinations are expensed as incurred, including investment transactions that are no longer under consideration, and are included in acquisition related expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated 

 46 

Table of Contents 
 statements of operations, and acquisition expenses associated with transactions determined to be an asset purchase are capitalized. All paid and accrued acquisition fees and expenses have negative effects on returns to investors, the potential for future distributions, and cash flows generated by us, unless earnings from operations or net sales proceeds from the disposition of other properties are generated to cover the purchase price of the real estate asset, these fees and expenses and other costs related to such property. In addition, MFFO may not be an indicator of our operating performance, especially during periods in which properties are being acquired. In addition, certain contemplated non-cash fair value and other non-cash adjustments are considered operating non-cash adjustments to net income (loss) in determining cash flows from operations in accordance with GAAP. We use MFFO and the adjustments used to calculate it in order to evaluate our performance against other publicly registered, non-listed REITs, which intend to have limited lives with short and defined acquisition periods and targeted exit strategies shortly thereafter. As noted above, MFFO may not be a useful measure of the impact of long-term operating performance if we do not continue to operate in this manner. We believe that our use of MFFO and the adjustments used to calculate it allow us to present our performance in a manner that reflects certain characteristics that are unique to publicly registered, non-listed REITs, such as their limited life, limited and defined acquisition period and targeted exit strategy, and hence the use of such measures may be useful to investors. For example, acquisition fees and expenses are intended to be funded from the proceeds of our offering and other financing sources and not from operations. By excluding acquisition fees and expenses, the use of MFFO provides information consistent with management s analysis of the operating performance of its real estate assets. Additionally, fair value adjustments, which are based on the impact of current market fluctuations and underlying assessments of general market conditions, but can also result from operational factors such as the ADR and occupancy rates, may not be directly related or attributable to our current operating performance. By excluding such charges that may reflect anticipated and unrealized gains or losses, we believe MFFO provides useful supplemental information. Presentation of this information is intended to assist management and investors in comparing the operating performance of different REITs, although it should be noted that not all REITs calculate FFO and MFFO the same way, so comparisons with other REITs may not be meaningful. Furthermore, FFO and MFFO are not necessarily indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) as an indication of our performance, as an indication of our liquidity, or indicative of funds available for our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. FFO and MFFO should be reviewed in conjunction with other measurements as an indication of our performance. MFFO may be useful in assisting management and investors in assessing the sustainability of operating performance in future operating periods, and in particular, after the offering and acquisition stages are complete and NAV is disclosed. MFFO is not a useful measure in evaluating NAV since impairment write-downs are taken into account in determining NAV but not in determining MFFO. FFO and MFFO, as described above, should not be construed to be more relevant or accurate than the current GAAP methodology in calculating net income (loss) or in its applicability in evaluating our operational performance. The method used to evaluate the value and performance of real estate under GAAP should be construed as a more relevant measure of operation performance and considered more prominently than the non-GAAP FFO and MFFO measures and the adjustments to GAAP in calculating FFO and MFFO. MFFO has not been scrutinized to the level of other similar non-GAAP performance measures by the SEC or any other regulatory body. 

 47 

Table of Contents 
 Our calculation of FFO and MFFO is presented in the following table for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of net income to MFFO: Net income 2,577,617 2,814,303 2,537,173 2,919,083 Depreciation and amortization 1,079,125 1,031,180 3,190,502 3,060,341 FFO 3,656,742 3,845,483 5,727,675 5,979,424 Less noncontrolling interest: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (80,429) (184,066) (460,108) (646,469) Depreciation and amortization attributable to noncontrolling interest (126,200) (178,167) (478,833) (527,686) FFO attributable to common stockholders 3,450,113 3,483,250 4,788,734 4,805,269 Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts and premiums as interest 20,091 (2,663) 31,755 (545) Unrealized (gain) loss on interest rate swap/cap 42,035 (7,237) 146,890 MFFO attributable to common stockholders 3,470,204 3,522,622 4,813,252 4,951,614 Related-Party Transactions and Agreements We have entered into agreements with PHA and its affiliates whereby we pay or paid certain fees to, or reimburse certain expenses of, PHA or its affiliates for acquisition fees and expenses, asset management fees, disposition fees, property management fees, O O Costs and reimbursement of certain operating costs. Refer to Note 5 Related Party Transactions to our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report for a discussion of the various related-party transactions, agreements and fees. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures . We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to us, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours are designed to do, and we necessarily were required to apply our judgment in evaluating whether the benefits of the controls and procedures that we adopt outweigh their costs. As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we conducted an evaluation as of September 30, 2024, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as of September 30, 2024, were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 

 48 

Table of Contents 
 (b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting . There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings and, to our knowledge, no material legal proceedings are threatened against the Company. From time to time, we may be party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of any legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that any such proceedings as of the time of this Quarterly Report will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that the Company currently deems to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect the Company. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Use of Proceeds On August 14, 2018, our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-217579), covering a public offering of up to 550,000,000 in shares of our common stock, was declared effective by the SEC under the Securities Act. We offered up to 550,000,000 in shares of our common stock, including 500,000,000 in shares of our common stock pursuant to our primary offering, consisting of the following three share classes: K Shares at an initial offering price of 10.00 per share (up to 125,000,000 in shares), K-I Shares at an offering price of 9.30 per share (up to 125,000,000 in shares), and K-T Shares at an initial offering price of 10.00 per share (up to 250,000,000 in shares), which reflect the Estimated Per Share NAV of each of the K Shares, K-I Shares, and K-T Shares as of February 28, 2018, and 50,000,000 in shares of our common stock pursuant to the DRIP at 9.50 per K Share (up to 12,500,000 in shares), 9.50 per K-I Share (up to 12,500,000 in shares) and 9.50 per K-T Share (up to 25,000,000 in shares). On May 23, 2019, our board of directors determined an Estimated Per Share NAV of all classes of our capital stock, each calculated as of March 31, 2019, as follows: (i) 10.00 per K Share; (ii) 10.00 per K-I Share; (iii) 10.00 per K-T Share; (iv) 3.97 per A Share; and (v) 0.00 per B Share. On March 22, 2018, our board of directors determined an Estimated Per Share NAV of all classes of our capital stock, each calculated as of February 28, 2018, as follows: (i) 10.00 per K Share; (ii) 10.00 per K-I Share; (iii) 10.00 per K-T Share; (iv) 0.00 per A Share; and (v) 0.00 per B Share. On April 7, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, our board of directors unanimously approved the temporary suspension of (i) the sale of K Shares, K-I Shares and K-T Shares in the Public Offering, effective as of April 7, 2020 and (ii) the operation of the DRIP, effective as of April 17, 2020. On June 10, 2020, our board of directors determined an Estimated Per Share NAV of all classes of our capital stock, each calculated as of March 31, 2020, as follows: (i) 8.56 per K-Share; (ii) 8.55 per K-I Share; (iii) 8.56 per K-T Share; (iv) 0.00 per A Share; and (v) 0.00 per B Share. On June 9, 2021, our board of directors determined an Estimated Per Share NAV of all classes of our capital stock, each calculated as of March 31, 2021, as follows: (i) 9.85 per K Share, (ii) 9.77 per K-I Share, (iii) 9.85 per K-T Share, (iv) 0.00 per A Share, and (v) 0.00 per B Share and revised the public offering share prices. On June 27, 2022, our board of directors determined an Estimated Per Share NAV of all classes of our capital stock, each calculated as of March 31, 2022, as follows: (i) 10.29 per K Share, (ii) 10.29 per K-I Share, (iii) 10.29 per K-T Share, (iv) 13.34 per A Share, and (v) 1.25 per B Share and revised the DRIP share prices. On June 27, 2023, our board of directors determined an Estimated Per Share NAV of all classes of our capital stock, each calculated as of March 31, 2023, as follows: (i) 11.53 per K Share, (ii) 11.53 per K-I Share, (iii) 11.96 per K-T Share, (iv) 22.76 per A Share, and (v) 14.77 per B Share and revised the DRIP share prices. On June 17, 2024, our board of directors 

 49 

Table of Contents 
 determined an Estimated Per Share NAV of all classes of our capital stock, each calculated as of Macrh 31, 2024, as follows: (i) 10.17 per K Share, (ii) 10.17 per K-I Share, (iii) 12.23 per K-T Share, (iv) 9.82 per A Share, and (v) 0.00 per B Share and revised the DRIP share prices. From the commencement of the Public Offering through its termination, we sold 2,787,944 K Shares at a weighted average price of 9.66 per share for gross proceeds of 26,939,836, 1,287,644 K-I Shares at a weighted average price of 8.76 per share for gross proceeds of 11,274,927, 60,008 K-T Shares at a weighted average price of 9.76 per share for gross proceeds of 585,400, for total gross proceeds of 38,800,163 in the Public Offering. From the commencement of the Public Offering through September 30, 2024, pursuant to the DRIP, we issued 182,867 K Shares to investors at a weighted average of 9.79 per K Share for gross proceeds of 1,790,090, 123,164 K-I Shares at a weighted average of 9.84 per K-I Share for gross proceeds of 1,212,443, and 7,676 K-T Shares at a weighted average of 9.45 per K-T Share for gross proceeds of 72,561, for total gross DRIP proceeds of 3,075,094. Additionally, we received 2,630,000 from the sale of A Shares to THR from a private placement. On June 24, 2021, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 to register approximately 4,273,505 K Shares, K-I Shares or K-T Shares under the DRIP for a proposed maximum offering price of 40,000,000 in shares of common stock. We expect to continue to issue shares of common stock under the DRIP Offering until such time as we sell all of the shares registered for sale under the DRIP Offering, unless we file a new registration statement with the SEC, or the DRIP Offering is terminated by our board of directors. From commencement of the Public Offering through the termination of the Public Offering, we had incurred 2,995,776 of selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees in connection with the Public Offering, which were paid with proceeds from the issuance of A Shares to THR. From inception through September 30, 2024, we recognized selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and organization and other offering costs in the Private Offering as follows: 

Type of Expense Amount Amount Estimated/Actual Selling commissions and dealer manager fees 1,058,501 Actual Other organization and offering costs 1,083,912 Actual Total 2,142,413 The amounts above were charged against additional paid in capital on the condensed consolidated balance sheet to the extent that the total organization and offering costs recognized would not exceed 15 of gross proceeds from the Private Offering. From inception through September 30, 2024, we recognized selling commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees, and organization and other offering costs in the Public Offering as follows: 

Type of Expense Amount Amount Estimated/Actual Selling commissions, stockholder servicing fees and dealer manager fees 3,004,097 Actual Other organization and offering costs 3,255,484 Actual Total 6,259,581 The amounts above were charged against additional paid in capital on the condensed consolidated balance sheet to the extent that the total organization and offering costs recognized would not exceed 15 of gross proceeds from the Public Offering. As of September 30, 2024, the net offering proceeds to us from our Private Offering and our Public Offering, after deducting the total expenses incurred as described above, were approximately 51,694,539. Subsequent to September 30, 2024 and through November 12, 2024, pursuant to the DRIP Offering, we sold approximately 11,772 K Shares at a weighted average price of 9.66 per share for gross proceeds of 113,717, 

 50 

Table of Contents 
 approximately 9,435 K-I Shares at a weighted average price of 9.66 per share for gross proceeds of 91,146 for total gross proceeds of 204,863 in the DRIP Offering. Share Repurchase Program On October 26, 2018, our board of directors approved and adopted the Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Program (the A R SRP that may provide an opportunity for stockholders to have their shares of common stock repurchased by us, subject to certain restrictions and limitations. Refer to Note 6 Stockholders Equity to our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report for a discussion of the details of the A R SRP. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we fulfilled repurchase requests and repurchased K-Shares pursuant to the A R SRP as follows: 

Total Numbers of Approximate Dollar Shares Purchased as Value of Shares Total Number of Part of Publicly Available that may yet Shares Requested to Announced Plans and Average Price be Repurchased under Period be Repurchased Programs Paid per Share the Program July 2024 10,030 (1) August 2024 28,722 19,616 10.17 (1) September 2024 1,336 (1) 40,088 19,616 (1) The number of shares that may be redeemed pursuant to the A R SRP during any calendar year is limited to 5.0 of the weighted average number of K Shares, K-I Shares, and K-T Shares outstanding during the trailing 12 months prior to the end of the fiscal quarter for which repurchases are being paid (provided, however, that while shares subject to a repurchase requested upon the death of a stockholder will be included in calculating the maximum number of shares that may be repurchased, shares subject to a repurchase requested upon the death of a stockholder will not be subject to the percentage cap). We will also limit repurchases to the net proceeds received pursuant to the DRIP. 

51 

Table of Contents 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased approximately 199,490 of K Shares and 0 of K-I Shares. As of September 30, 2024, there were 281,029 outstanding and unfulfilled repurchase requests for 276,520 K Shares and 4,509 K-I Shares. The following table reflects the activity resulting in the repurchase requests outstanding at September 30, 2024. 

Requests Received Number Repurchase During of Share Amount Average Requests Share 3 Months Repurchases Date Shares of Shares Amount Requests Outstanding at Class Ended Requested Repurchased Repurchased Repurchased per share Withdrawn September 30, 2024 K 6/30/2023 59,587 (1) 8/23/2023 16,090 184,422 11.46 - - 12/7/2023 13,110 149,824 11.43 - - 3/7/2024 4,654 53,189 11.43 - - 5/8/2024 2,531 29,078 11.49 - 23,202 K 9/30/2023 10,274 (1) 12/7/2023 3,097 35,704 11.53 - - 3/7/2024 1,099 12,675 11.53 - - 5/8/2024 596 6,868 11.53 - 5,482 K 12/31/2023 52,823 (1) 3/7/2024 10,801 124,535 11.53 - - 5/8/2024 4,118 47,486 11.53 - 37,904 K 3/31/2024 56,794 (1) 5/8/2024 9,864 113,731 11.53 - 46,930 K 6/30/2024 142,529 (1) 8/22/2024 19,615 199,490 10.17 - 122,914 K 9/30/2024 40,088 TBD - - - - 40,088 Total K Share redemption requests outstanding 276,520 K-I 6/30/2023 5,591 (1) 8/23/2023 1,101 12,625 11.47 1,036 - 12/7/2023 1,041 12,003 11.53 - - 3/7/2024 370 4,261 11.52 - - 5/8/2024 200 2,309 11.55 - 1,843 K-I 12/31/2023 1,595 (1) 3/7/2024 244 2,675 10.96 - - 5/8/2024 140 1,526 10.90 - 1,211 K-I 3/31/2024 1,613 (1) 5/8/2024 158 1,823 11.53 - 1,455 Total K-I Share redemption requests outstanding 4,509 (1) Our board of directors determined that the funding limitation under the A R SRP was reached with respect to share repurchase requests for the quarters ended June 30, 2023, September 30, 2023, December 31, 2023, March 31, 2024, and June 30, 2024, as there were insufficient net proceeds from the DRIP to fund all share repurchase requests. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act). 

 52 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed as a part of this report or incorporated by reference. 

Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Procaccianti Hotel REIT, Inc. (included as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-217578) filed May 1, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 3.2 Bylaws of Procaccianti Hotel REIT, Inc. (included as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-217578) filed May 1, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 3.3 Articles of Amendment of Procaccianti Hotel REIT, Inc., effective as of March 31, 2020 (included as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 333-217578) filed May 14, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 3.4 Third Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Procaccianti Hotel REIT, Inc. (included as Exhibit 3.3 to Post-effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-217578) filed August 14, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.1 Subscription Agreement and Subscription Agreement Signature Page (included as Appendix C to the Company s Prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) (File No. 333-217578) filed August 15, 2018, as supplemented, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.2 Distribution Reinvestment Plan (included as Appendix B to the Company s Prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) (File No. 333-217578) filed August 15, 2018, as supplemented, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.3 Description of Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 333-217578) filed on March 30, 2020, and incorporated by reference herein). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 99.2 Consent of Robert A. Stanger Co., Inc. (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-56272), on June 20, 2024, and incorporated by reference herein). 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document. 

 53 

Table of Contents 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. In accordance with Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

 54 

Table of Contents 
 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. PROCACCIANTI HOTEL REIT, INC. Date: November 12, 2024 By: /s/ James A. Procaccianti James A. Procaccianti Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 12, 2024 By: /s/ Gregory Vickowski Gregory Vickowski Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

 55 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tmb-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, James A. Procaccianti, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Procaccianti Hotel REIT, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 By: /s/ James A. Procaccianti James A. Procaccianti Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tmb-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Gregory Vickowski, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Procaccianti Hotel REIT, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 By: /s/ Gregory Vickowski Gregory Vickowski Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tmb-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Procaccianti Hotel REIT, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company hereby certifies, to the best of his knowledge, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 12, 2024 By: /s/ James A. Procaccianti James A. Procaccianti Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 12, 2024 By: /s/ Gregory Vickowski Gregory Vickowski Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general information language in such filing, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates by reference. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 tmb-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 tmb-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 tmb-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 tmb-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

