<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1750735_0001750735-24-000072.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17805930</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>122453</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1679045</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9682899</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2805569</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2977630</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001750735-24-000072.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108121342
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001750735-24-000072
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Meridian Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001750735
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				831561918
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55983
		FILM NUMBER:		241438988

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 OLD LINCOLN HIGHWAY
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355
		BUSINESS PHONE:		484-568-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 OLD LINCOLN HIGHWAY
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001750735-24-000072.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 mrbk-20240930.htm
 10-Q

mrbk-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark one) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Title of class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of November 4, 2024 there were outstanding shares of the issuer s common stock, par value 1.00 per share. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 49 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 49 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 49 
 Item 3 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 49 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 49 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 50 
 Signatures 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Glossary of Acronyms, Abbreviations, and Terms 
 The acronyms, abbreviations, and terms listed below are used in various sections of this report. As used throughout this report, the terms "Meridian", we , our , or us refer to Meridian Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 Acronym Description ACBB Atlantic Central Bankers Bank ACH Automated clearing house ACL Allowance for credit losses AFS Available-for-sale ALCO Asset/Liability Committee ALLL Allowance for loan and lease losses ALM Asset / liability management AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update BHC Act Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 BOLI Bank owned life insurance BSA-AML Bank Secrecy Act - Anti-Money Laundering BTFP Federal Reserve Bank Term Funding Program CBCA Change in Bank Control Act CBLR Community Bank Leverage Ratio CDARS Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CECL Current expected credit losses CET1 Common equity tier 1 CFPB Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CMO Collateralized mortgage obligation CRE Commercial real estate DIF FDIC s deposit insurance fund ECOA Equal Credit Opportunity Act ESOP Employee Stock Ownership Plan FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FFIEC Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council FHA Federal Housing Authority FHFA Federal Housing Finance Agency FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh FHLMC Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or Freddie Mac FICO Financing Corporation FNMA Federal National Mortgage Association or Fannie Mae FRB Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia FTE Fully taxable equivalent GAAP U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GLB Act Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GNMA Government National Mortgage Association or Ginnie Mae GSE Government-sponsored entities HTM Held-to-maturity ICBA Independent Community Bankers of America JOBS Act Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 LBP Look-back period LEP Loss emergence period 

Table of Contents 

 LGD Loss given default LIBOR London Inter-bank Offering Rate LIHTC Low-income-housing tax credit MBS Mortgage-backed securities MSLP Main Street Lending Programs MSR Mortgage servicing rights OFAC Office of Foreign Assets Control OREO Other real estate owned PCAOB Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCD Purchased credit deteriorated PD Probability of default PDBS Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities ROU Right-of-use SBA Small Business Administration SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SERP Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SNC Shared national credit SOFR Secure Overnight Financing Rate TILA Truth in Lending Act TDR Troubled debt restructuring USDA U.S. Department of Agriculture VA U.S. Department of Veteran s Affairs 

Table of Contents 

MERIDIAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets: Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits at other banks Cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost (fair value of and , respectively) 
 Equity investments Mortgage loans held for sale Loans and other finance receivables, net of fees and costs Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans and other finance receivables, net of the allowance for credit losses Restricted investment in bank stock Bank premises and equipment, net Bank owned life insurance Accrued interest receivable Other real estate owned Deferred income taxes Servicing assets Servicing assets held for sale Goodwill Intangible assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Deposits: Non-interest bearing Interest bearing Total deposits Borrowings Subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value per share. shares authorized; and shares issued and and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Surplus Treasury stock, shares, at cost 
 ) ) Unearned common stock held by employee stock ownership plan ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 MERIDIAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended 
 September 30, 
 Nine months ended 
 September 30, 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income: Loans and other finance receivables, including fees Securities - taxable Securities - tax-exempt Cash and cash equivalents Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Borrowings and subordinated debentures Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-interest income: Mortgage banking income Wealth management income SBA loan income Earnings on investment in life insurance Net change in the fair value of derivative instruments ) Net change in the fair value of loans held-for-sale ) Net change in the fair value of loans held-for-investment ) ) Net (loss) gain on hedging activity ) ) Net loss on sale of investment securities available-for-sale ) ) ) ) Other Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Professional fees Data processing and software 
 Advertising and promotion Pennsylvania bank shares tax Other Total non-interest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Basic earnings per common share 
 Diluted earnings per common share 
 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 
 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 MERIDIAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income: Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities available for sale: Change in fair value of investment securities, net of tax of and ), and ) respectively 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses realized in net income, net of tax effect of , , , and , respectively, 
 Reclassification adjustment for investment securities transferred to held-to-maturity, net of tax effect of and , and respectively 
 Unrealized investment gains (losses), net of tax effect of and ), and ), respectively 
 ) ) Net change in unrealized (losses) gains on interest rate swaps used in cash flow hedges, net of tax effect of , ), and ), respectively 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 MERIDIAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Common 
 Stock 
 Surplus Treasury Stock Unearned ESOP Retained Earnings AOCI Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Balance at July 1, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock issued through share-based awards and exercises Stock based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Surplus Treasury Stock Unearned ESOP Retained Earnings AOCI Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Common stock issued through share-based awards and exercises Stock based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Common 
 Stock 
 Surplus Treasury Stock Unearned ESOP Retained Earnings AOCI Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Balance at July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Surplus Treasury Stock Unearned ESOP Retained Earnings AOCI Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Adjustment to initially apply ASU No. 2016-13 for CECL, net of tax ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Net purchase of treasury stock through publicly announced plans shares) 
 ) ) Common stock issued through share-based awards and exercises Stock based compensation expense Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 MERIDIAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine months ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Loss on sale of investment securities Net amortization of investment premiums and discounts and change in fair value of equity securities Depreciation and amortization (accretion), net Provision for credit losses Amortization of issuance costs on subordinated debt Stock based compensation Net change in fair value of derivative instruments ) ) Net change in fair value of loans held for sale ) Net change in fair value of loans held for investment ) Amortization and net impairment of servicing rights SBA loan income ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans Loans originated for sale ) ) Mortgage banking income ) ) Increase in accrued interest receivable ) ) Increase in other assets ) ) Earnings from investment in bank owned life insurance ) ) Decrease in deferred income tax (Decrease) increase in accrued interest payable ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Activity in available-for-sale securities: Maturities, repayments and calls Sales Purchases ) ) Activity in held-to-maturity securities: Maturities, repayments and calls Increase in restricted stock ) ) Net increase in loans ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase in deposits (Decrease) increase in short-term borrowings ) Increase in long-term debt Repayment of subordinated debt ) Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt Issuance costs on subordinated debt ) Net purchase of treasury stock ) Dividends paid ) ) Share based awards and exercises Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Transfers from loans held for sale to loans held for investment Net loans sold, not settled Investment security purchases, not settled ) 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 MERIDIAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (1) 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 Denominators for earnings per share: Weighted average shares outstanding Average unearned ESOP shares ) ) ) ) Basic weighted averages shares outstanding Dilutive effects of assumed exercises of stock options Dilutive effects of SERP shares Diluted weighted averages shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Antidilutive shares excluded from computation of average dilutive earnings per share 

(3) 
 ) U.S. government agency MBS ) U.S. government agency CMO ) State and municipal securities ) U.S. Treasuries ) Non-U.S. government agency CMO ) Corporate bonds ) Total securities available-for-sale ) Amortized cost Gross unrecognized gains Gross unrecognized losses Allowance for credit losses Fair value # of Securities in unrecognized loss position Securities held to maturity: State and municipal securities ) Total securities held-to-maturity ) 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 ) U.S. government agency MBS ) U.S. government agency CMO ) State and municipal securities ) U.S. Treasuries ) Non-U.S. government agency CMO ) Corporate bonds ) Total securities available-for-sale ) Amortized cost Gross unrecognized gains Gross unrecognized losses Allowance for credit losses Fair value # of Securities in unrecognized loss position Securities held to maturity: State and municipal securities ) Total securities held-to-maturity ) 
 Although the Corporation s investment portfolio overall is in a net unrealized loss position at September 30, 2024, the temporary impairment in the above noted securities is primarily the result of changes in market interest rates subsequent to purchase and it is more likely than not that the Corporation will not be required to sell these securities prior to recovery to satisfy liquidity needs, and therefore, securities warranted an ACL. 
 
 ) ) ) U.S. government agency MBS ) ) ) U.S. government agency CMO ) ) ) State and municipal securities ) ) U.S. Treasuries ) ) Non-U.S. government agency CMO ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Total securities available-for-sale ) ) ) Less than 12 Months 12 Months or more Total Fair value Unrecognized losses Fair value Unrecognized losses Fair value Unrecognized losses Securities held-to-maturity: State and municipal securities ) ) Total securities held-to-maturity ) ) 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) U.S. government agency MBS ) ) ) U.S. government agency CMO ) ) ) State and municipal securities ) ) U.S. Treasuries ) ) Non-U.S. government agency CMO ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Total securities available-for-sale ) ) ) Less than 12 Months 12 Months or more Total Fair value Unrecognized losses Fair value Unrecognized losses Fair value Unrecognized losses Securities held-to-maturity: State and municipal securities ) ) ) Total securities held-to-maturity ) ) ) 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Subtotal Mortgage-related securities Total 
 There were sales of investment securities available for sale for the three and nine month ended September 30, 2024 totaling million with thousand in gross losses recognized. Proceeds from sales of investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were thousand and million, respectively, with thousand and thousand in gross losses recognized, respectively. 

million and million, respectively, were specifically pledged as collateral for public funds, the FRB discount window program, FHLB borrowings and other purposes. The FHLB has a blanket lien on non-pledged, mortgage-related loans and securities as part of the Corporation s borrowing agreement with the FHLB. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

(4) 
 Home equity lines and loans Residential mortgage Construction Total real estate loans Commercial and industrial Small business loans Consumer Leases, net Total loans and other finance receivables Balances included in loans and other finance receivables, net of fees and costs: Residential mortgage real estate loans accounted under fair value option, at fair value Residential mortgage real estate loans accounted under fair value option, at amortized cost Unearned lease income included in leases, net ) ) Unamortized deferred loan origination costs, net of deferred fees 
 Fair Value Option for Residential Mortgage Real Estate Loans 
 Residential mortgage real estate loans that were originated by the Corporation and intended for sale in the secondary market to permanent investors, but were either repurchased or unsalable due to defect, and that the Corporation has the ability and intent to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are carried at fair value pursuant to the Corporation's election of the fair value option for these loans. The remaining loans, net of fees and costs are stated at their outstanding unpaid principal balances, net of deferred fees or costs, since the original intent for these loans was to hold them until payoff or maturity. 
 Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans 
 Home equity lines and loans Residential mortgage (1) 
 Construction Commercial and industrial Small business loans Consumer Leases, net Total 
 
 (1) Includes million of loans at fair value of which million are current, are 30-89 days past due and thousand are nonaccrual. 

12 

Table of Contents 

Home equity lines and loans Residential mortgage (1) 
 Construction Commercial and industrial Small business loans Consumer Leases, net Total 
 
 (1) Includes million of loans at fair value of which million are current, are 30-89 days past due and thousand are nonaccrual. 
 
 There were no loans in the tables above as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023 that were 90+days past due and still accruing interest. 
 Foreclosed and Repossessed Assets 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and consumer mortgage loans, respectively, secured by residential real estate properties (included in loans, net of fees and costs on the Consolidated Balance Sheets) totaling million and thousand, respectively, for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process. 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 We have no particular credit concentration. Our commercial loans have been proactively managed in an effort to achieve a balanced portfolio with no unusual exposure to one industry. Additionally, most of our lending activity occurs within our primary market areas which are concentrated in southeastern Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Maryland as well as other contiguous markets and represents a geographic concentration. Additionally, our loan portfolio is concentrated in commercial loans. Commercial loans are generally viewed as having more inherent risk of default than residential real estate loans or other consumer loans. Also, the commercial loan balance per borrower is typically larger than that for residential real estate loans and consumer loans, implying higher potential losses on an individual loan basis. 
 
 Home equity lines and loans Residential mortgage Construction Commercial and industrial (1) 
 Small business loans Leases, net Total 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Home equity lines and loans Residential mortgage Construction Commercial and industrial Small business loans Leases, net Total 
 
 (5) 
 ) Home equity lines and loans ) Residential mortgage ) Construction ) Commercial and industrial (1) 
 ) Small business loans ) Consumer ) Leases, net ) Total ) (1) - Meridian repurchased, at a discount of thousand, the remaining balance of a commercial loan participation to another bank. The discount was recorded as a PCD loan in the ACL rollforward as presented above. 
 
 As noted above, on July 17, 2024 Meridian repurchased, at a discount of thousand, the remaining balance of a commercial loan participation to another bank. At the time of purchase the determination was made that this loan had experienced more than insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination. The impact of this loan repurchase increased the balance of non-performing loans by million and also increased the ACL by thousand as this loan is classified as a PCD loan. This initial measurement of expected credit losses on a PCD loan has no impact on net income. Subsequent changes to the ACL on a PCD loan would be recognized through a provision for credit losses on the statement of income. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

) Home equity lines and loans ) Residential mortgage ) Construction Commercial and industrial ) Small business loans ) Consumer ) Leases, net ) Total ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (dollars in thousands) Beginning Balance Charge-offs Recoveries Provision (recovery of provision) for credit losses Ending balance Commercial mortgage Home equity lines and loans Residential mortgage Construction ) Commercial and industrial ) Small business loans ) ) Consumer ) 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Total ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (dollars in thousands) Beginning Balance Adjustment to initially apply ASU No. 2016-13 for CECL Charge-offs Recoveries Provision (Reversal) Ending balance Commercial mortgage ) Home equity lines and loans ) Residential mortgage Construction ) ) Commercial and industrial ) ) ) Small business loans ) Consumer ) ) ) Leases, net ) Total ) 
 Reconciliation of Provision for Credit Losses 
 Provision (recovery) for credit losses - unfunded loans ) ) ) Total provision for credit losses 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Home equity lines and loans Residential mortgage Construction Commercial and industrial Small business loans Consumer Leases, net Total (1) 

1) Excludes deferred fees and loans carried at fair value. 

December 31, 2023 Allowance for credit losses Carrying value of loans and leases (dollars in thousands) Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Total Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Total Commercial mortgage Home equity lines and loans Residential mortgage Construction Commercial and industrial Small business loans Consumer Leases, net Total (1) 

1) Excludes deferred fees and loans carried at fair value. 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 As part of the process of determining the ACL to the different segments of the loan and lease portfolio, Management considers certain credit quality indicators. For the commercial mortgage, construction and commercial and industrial loan segments, periodic reviews of the individual loans are performed by Management. The results of these reviews are reflected in the risk grade assigned to each loan. These internally assigned grades are as follows: 
 Pass Loans considered to be satisfactory with no indications of deterioration. 
 Special mention Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves Management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the institution s credit position at some future date. 
 Substandard Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and payment capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard loans have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 Doubtful Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. Loan balances classified as doubtful have been reduced by partial charge-offs and are carried at their net realizable values. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs Construction Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs Commercial and industrial Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) Small business loans Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Total by risk rating Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Total Total year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs Construction Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs Commercial and industrial Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) Small business loans Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) Total by risk rating Pass/Watch Special Mention Substandard Total Total year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 The Corporation had no loans with a risk rating of Doubtful included within recorded investment in loans and leases held for investment at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

19 

Table of Contents 

Nonperforming Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) Residential mortgage (1) 
 Performing Nonperforming Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs Consumer Performing Nonperforming Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) Leases, net Performing Nonperforming Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Total by Payment Performance Performing Nonperforming Total Total year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) (1) Excludes million of loans at fair value. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 Nonperforming Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) ) Residential mortgage (1) 
 Performing Nonperforming Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs Consumer Performing Nonperforming Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) Leases, net Performing Nonperforming Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Total by Payment Performance Performing Nonperforming Total Total year-to-date gross charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Excludes million of fair value loans. 

21 

Table of Contents 

 Construction Total Nonaccrual Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: Small business loans Total 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Number of Loans Amortized Cost Basis of Total Class of Financing Receivable Related Reserve Number of Loans Amortized Cost Basis of Total Class of Financing Receivable Related Reserve (dollars in thousands) Accruing Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: Small business loans Construction Commercial industrial Total Nonaccrual Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: Small business loans Commercial industrial Total 3 The following presents, by class of loans, information regarding accruing and nonaccrual modified loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Number of Loans Financial Effect Number of Loans Financial Effect (dollars in thousands) Accruing Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: Small business loans Extend maturity date Extend maturity date Construction Extend maturity date Total Nonaccrual Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: Small business loans Extend maturity date and allow additional lender funding Extend term and allow additional lender funding Total 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Extend maturity date Extend maturity date Construction Extend maturity date Commercial industrial Extend maturity date and allow additional lender funding Extend maturity date Total Nonaccrual Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: Small business loans Extend maturity date Extend term and allow additional lender funding Commercial industrial Extend maturity date and allow additional lender funding Extend term and allow additional lender funding Total 
 There were and modifications granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. There were and modifications granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase in assistance provided to small business loan customers experiencing financial difficulty is largely due to the elevated interest rate environment as the majority of our small business loans carry a variable interest rate. In accordance with the SBA's SOP 50-57-3 covering loan servicing, we work with such customers to help determine whether temporary payment relief would help to improve their cash flows in the near future. 
 
 There were and loans that had payment defaults during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, that were modified in the 12 months before default to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. There were no commitments to lend additional funds to the borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that had modifications during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 

(6) 
 unsecured borrowing facilities with correspondent banks for up to million in total. Federal funds purchased generally represent one-day borrowings. The Corporation had and in Federal funds purchased at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Corporation also has a facility with the Federal Reserve Bank discount window of million. This facility is fully secured by investment securities and pledged loans. There were borrowings under this at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Corporation's facility with the Federal Reserve s BTFP expired in March 2024. The Corporation has a revolving line of credit with ACBB of million that is used to fund operating activities of the Corporation. 
 
 FRB BTFP Advances 03/29/2024 ACBB Holding Company Revolving LOC 6/25/2025 FHLB Mid-term Repo Fixed 9/30/2024 FHLB Mid-term Repo Fixed 10/25/2024 FHLB Mid-term Repo Fixed 1/27/2025 FHLB Mid-term Repo Fixed 2/24/2025 Total Short-Term Borrowings 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 FHLB Mid-term Repo Fixed 5/20/2027 FHLB Mid-term Repo Fixed 10/14/2025 FHLB Mid-term Repo Fixed 7/14/2026 Total Long-Term Borrowings 
 
 The FHLB has also issued million of letters of credit to the Corporation for the benefit of the Corporation s public deposit funds and loan customers. These letters of credit expire throughout the remainder of 2024. 
 The Corporation has a maximum borrowing capacity with the FHLB of million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. All advances and letters of credit from the FHLB are secured by a blanket lien on non-pledged, mortgage-related loans and securities as part of the Corporation s borrowing agreement with the FHLB. 

(7) 
 million and million of residential mortgage loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Corporation recognized servicing fee income of thousand and million, respectively, compared to thousand and million, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Servicing rights capitalized Amortization of servicing rights ) ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance - recovery Balance at end of the period 
 
 Of the total MSR balance of million as of September 30, 2024 presented above, million is classified as servicing assets held for sale in the consolidated balance sheet as of that date. 
 The Corporation uses assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of MSRs. These assumptions include prepayment speeds and discount rates. The assumptions used in the valuation were based on input from buyers, brokers and other qualified personnel, as well as market knowledge. At September 30, 2024, the key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Corporation s MSRs included a lifetime constant prepayment rate equal to and a discount rate equal to . At December 31, 2023, the key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Corporation s MSRs included a lifetime constant prepayment rate equal to and a discount rate equal to . Due in part to market volatility as interest rates increased, the prepayment speed assumption has decreased from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted average life (months) Prepayment speed Impact on fair value: 10 adverse change ) ) 20 adverse change ) ) Discount rate Impact on fair value: 10 adverse change ) ) 20 adverse change ) ) 
 The sensitivity calculations above are hypothetical and should not be considered to be predictive of future performance. As indicated, changes in fair value based on adverse changes in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in this table, the effect of an adverse variation in a articular assumption on the fair value of the MSRs is calculated without changing any other assumption; while in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another (for example, increases in market interest rates may result in lower prepayments), which may magnify or counteract the effect of the change. 
 
 Residential Mortgage Loan MSR Sale 
 On October 31, 2024 the Corporation sold approximately million of residential mortgage loan servicing rights associated with million of its million in serviced loans. The Corporation received million in cash on the date of the sale, will receive approximately thousand by January 2, 2025, and will receive a final payment of approximately thousand up to one year from the date of the sale, or after all transfer conditions have been satisfied. The MSRs sold were classified as servicing assets held for sale in the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 SBA Loans 
 SBA loan servicing assets are amortized over the period of the estimated future net servicing life of the underlying assets. SBA loan servicing assets are evaluated quarterly for impairment based upon the fair value of the rights as compared to their amortized cost. Impairment is recognized on the income statement to the extent the fair value is less than the capitalized amount of the SBA loan servicing asset. The Corporation serviced million and million of SBA loans, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Servicing rights capitalized Amortization of servicing rights ) ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Balance at end of the period 
 25 

Table of Contents ) ) ) Impairment ) ) ) ) Recovery Valuation allowance, end of period ) ) ) ) 
 The Corporation uses assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of SBA loan servicing rights. These assumptions include prepayment speeds, discount rates, and other assumptions. The assumptions used in the valuation were based on input from buyers, brokers and other qualified personnel, as well as market knowledge. At September 30, 2024, the key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Corporation s SBA loan servicing rights included a lifetime constant prepayment rate equal to and a discount rate equal to . At December 31, 2023, the key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Corporation s SBA loan servicing rights included a lifetime constant prepayment rate equal to and a discount rate equal to . 
 Weighted average life (years) Prepayment speed Impact on fair value: 10 adverse change ) ) 20 adverse change ) ) Discount rate Impact on fair value: 10 adverse change ) ) 20 adverse change ) ) 
 The sensitivity calculations above are hypothetical and should not be considered to be predictive of future performance. As indicated, changes in fair value based on adverse changes in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in this table, the effect of an adverse variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of the SBA servicing rights is calculated without changing any other assumption; while in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another (for example, increases in market interest rates may result in lower prepayments), which may magnify or counteract the effect of the change. 

(8) 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. government agency MBS U.S. government agency CMO State and municipal securities U.S. Treasuries Non-U.S. government agency CMO Equity investments Mortgage loans held for sale Mortgage loans held for investment Interest rate lock commitments Forward commitments Customer derivatives - interest rate swaps Fair Value Hedge Total 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Forward commitments Customer derivatives - interest rate swaps Risk Participation Agreements Interest rate swaps Total 

December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Securities available for sale: U.S. asset backed securities U.S. government agency MBS U.S. government agency CMO State and municipal securities U.S. Treasuries Non-U.S. government agency CMO Corporate bonds Equity investments Mortgage loans held for sale Mortgage loans held for investment Interest rate lock commitments Customer derivatives - interest rate swaps Total Liabilities Interest rate lock commitments Forward commitments Customer derivatives - interest rate swaps Risk Participation Agreements Total 
 SBA loan servicing rights Individually evaluated loans (1) 
 Commercial and industrial Small business loans Total 

28 

Table of Contents 

 Appraisal of collateral Management adjustments on appraisals for property type and recent activity - discount 
 December 31, 2023 Appraisal of collateral Management adjustments on appraisals for property type and recent activity - discount 
 
 Below is management s estimate of the fair value of all financial instruments, whether carried at cost or fair value on the Corporation s balance sheet. The following information should not be interpreted as an estimate of the fair value of the entire Corporation since a fair value calculation is only provided for a limited portion of the Corporation s assets and liabilities. Due to a wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity used in making the estimates, comparisons between the Corporation s disclosures and those of other companies may not be meaningful. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of the Corporation s financial instruments: 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and short-term instruments approximate those assets fair values. 
 Loans Receivable 
 The fair value of loans receivable is estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using market rates at the balance sheet date that reflect the credit and interest rate-risk inherent in the loans. Projected future cash flows are calculated based upon contractual maturity or call dates, projected repayments and prepayments of principal. Generally, for variable rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. The fair value below is reflective of an exit price. 
 Servicing Assets 
 The Corporation estimates the fair value of mortgage servicing rights and SBA loan servicing rights using discounted cash flow models that calculate the present value of estimated future net servicing income. The model uses readily available prepayment speed assumptions for the interest rates of the portfolios serviced. These servicing rights are classified within Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy based upon management s assessment of the inputs. The Corporation reviews the servicing rights portfolios on a quarterly basis for impairment. 
 Individually Evaluated Loans 
 Individually evaluated loans are those in which the Corporation has measured impairment generally based on the fair value of the loan s collateral. Fair value is generally determined based upon independent third party appraisals of the properties, or discounted cash flows based upon the expected proceeds. Non-real estate collateral may be valued using an appraisal, net book value per the borrower s financial statements, or aging reports, adjusted or discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of the valuation, and management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s business. These assets are included as Level 3 fair values, based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Individually evaluated loans are evaluated on a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted in accordance with the ACL policy. 
 Accrued Interest Receivable and Payable 
 The carrying amount of accrued interest receivable and accrued interest payable approximates its fair value. 
 Deposit Liabilities 
 The fair values disclosed for demand deposits (e.g., interest and noninterest checking, passbook savings and money market accounts) are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amounts). Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered in the market on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits. 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 The carrying amounts of short-term borrowings approximate their fair values. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 Fair values of FHLB advances and the acquisition purchase note payable are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on quoted prices for new FHLB advances with similar credit risk characteristics, terms and remaining maturity. These prices obtained from this active market represent a market value that is deemed to represent the transfer price if the liability were assumed by a third party. 
 
 Subordinated Debt 
 Fair values of junior subordinated debt are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on market rates currently offered on such debt with similar credit risk characteristics, terms and remaining maturity. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments 
 Off-balance sheet instruments are primarily comprised of loan commitments, which are generally priced at market at the time of funding. Fees on commitments to extend credit and stand-by letters of credit are deemed to be immaterial and these instruments are expected 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Mortgage loans held for sale Level 2 Loans receivable, net of the allowance for credit losses Level 3 Mortgage loans held for investment Level 2 Financial liabilities: Deposits Level 2 Borrowings Level 2 Subordinated debentures Level 2 
 Increase in value ) ) Balance at end of the period 
 Market comparable pricing Pull through - 
 December 31, 2023 Market comparable pricing Pull through - 

(9) 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 interest rate swaps classified as cash flow hedges with notional amounts of million each, to hedge the interest payments received on short term borrowings. Under the terms of the swap agreements, the Corporation pays average fixed rates of , and , and receives variable rates in return indexed to SOFR. The swaps mature between May, June, and December 2026. The Corporation performed an assessment of the hedge for effectiveness at the inception of the hedge and performs an assessment on a recurring basis and determined that the derivative currently is and is expected to be highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately million and thousand respectively, net of tax, is recorded in total comprehensive income as unrealized losses. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, approximately thousand and thousand respectively, net of tax, is recorded in total comprehensive income as unrealized gains. These amounts could differ from amounts actually recognized due to changes in interest rates, hedge de-designations and the addition of other hedges subsequent to September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the combined notional amount of the interest rate swaps was million and million, respectively, and the fair value was a liability of thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 In August 2024 the Corporation entered into an interest rate swap classified as a fair value hedge with a notional amount of million, to hedge the interest payments received on a pool of residential mortgage loans held in portfolio. Under the terms of the swap agreement, the Corporation pays an average fixed rate of and receives a variable rate in return indexed to SOFR. The swap matures August 2027. The Corporation performed an assessment of the hedge for effectiveness at the inception of the hedge and performs an assessment on a recurring basis and determined that the derivative currently is and is expected to be highly effective in offsetting changes in fair value of the hedged item. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately thousand and thousand respectively, net of tax, is recorded as a fair values adjustment. These amounts could differ from amounts actually recognized due to changes in interest rates, hedge de-designations and the addition of other hedges subsequent to September 30, 2024. 
 
 Mortgage Banking Derivatives 
 In connection with its mortgage banking activities, the Corporation enters into commitments to originate certain fixed rate residential mortgage loans for customers, also referred to as interest rate locks. In addition, the Corporation may enter into forward commitments for the future sales or purchases of mortgage-backed securities to or from third-party counterparties to hedge the effect of changes in interest rates on the values of both the interest rate locks and mortgage loans held for sale. Forward sales commitments may also be in the form of commitments to sell individual mortgage loans or interest rate locks at a fixed price at a future date. The amount necessary to settle each interest rate lock is based on the price that secondary market investors would pay for loans with similar characteristics, including interest rate and term, as of the date fair value is measured. Interest rate lock commitments and forward commitments are recorded within other assets/liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, with changes in fair values during the period recorded within net change in the fair value of derivative instruments on the consolidated statements of income. 
 Customer Derivatives 
 Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Corporation provides to certain customers to swap a fixed rate product for a variable rate product, or vice versa. The Corporation executes interest rate derivatives with commercial banking customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. Those interest rate derivatives are simultaneously hedged by offsetting derivatives that the Corporation executes with a third party, such that the Corporation minimizes its net interest rate risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate derivatives associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the customer derivatives and the offsetting derivatives are recognized directly in earnings. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Negative fair values Other liabilities ) ) Total Forward Commitments Positive fair values Other assets Negative fair values Other liabilities ) ) Total ) Customer Derivatives - Interest Rate Swaps Positive fair values Other assets Negative fair values Other liabilities ) ) Total ) ) Customer Derivatives - Risk Participation Agreements Positive fair values Other assets Negative fair values Other liabilities ) ) Total ) ) Fair Value Hedge Positive fair values Other assets Negative fair values Other liabilities Total Interest Rate Swaps Positive fair values Other assets Negative fair values Other liabilities ) ) Total ) ) Total derivative financial instruments ) ) 
 Interest rate lock commitments are considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, while the forward commitments and interest rate swaps are considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 32 

Table of Contents Forward Commitments Customer Derivatives - Interest Rate Swaps ) ) Customer Derivatives - Risk Participation Agreements ) ) Fair Value Hedge Interest Rate Swaps ) ) Net fair value gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments ) ) 
 Net realized losses on derivative hedging activities were thousand and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and net realized gains of thousand and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and are included in non-interest income in the consolidated statements of income. 

(10) 
 loan production offices throughout suburban Philadelphia and Maryland. The Mortgage segment originates 1 4 family residential mortgages and sells nearly all of its production to third party investors. The unit generates net interest income on the loans it originates and holds temporarily, then earns fee income (primarily gain on sales) at the time of the sale. The unit also recognizes income from document preparation fees, changes in portfolio pipeline fair values and net hedging gains (losses), if any. 
 ) Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision ) Non-interest Income Mortgage banking income ) Wealth management income SBA loan income Net change in fair values ) ) ) Net loss on hedging activity ) ) Other Non-interest income Non-interest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) Total Assets 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 ) Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision ) Non-interest Income Mortgage banking income Wealth management income SBA loan income Net change in fair values ) ) ) Net loss on hedging activity ) ) Other Non-interest income Non-interest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) Total Assets 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes and the discussion under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 included in Meridian Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Meridian Corporation may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include statements with respect to Meridian Corporation s strategies, goals, beliefs, expectations, estimates, intentions, capital raising efforts, financial condition and results of operations, future performance and business. Statements preceded by, followed by, or that include the words may, could, should, pro forma, looking forward, would, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, plan, or similar expressions generally indicate a forward-looking statement. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change based on various important factors (some of which, in whole or in part, are beyond Meridian Corporation s control). Numerous competitive, economic, regulatory, legal and technological factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially include, without limitation: credit losses and the credit risk of our commercial and consumer loan products; changes in the level of charge-offs and changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses, or ACL; cyber-security concerns; rapid technological developments and changes; increased competitive pressures; changes in spreads on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities; changes in general economic conditions and conditions within the securities markets; unanticipated changes in our liquidity position; unanticipated changes in regulatory and governmental policies impacting interest rates and financial markets; legislation affecting the financial services industry as a whole, and Meridian Corporation, in particular; changes in accounting policies, practices or guidance; developments affecting the industry and the soundness of financial institutions and further disruption to the economy and U.S. banking system; among others, could cause Meridian Corporation s financial performance to differ materially from the goals, plans, objectives, intentions and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. 
 Meridian Corporation cautions that the foregoing factors are not exclusive, and neither such factors nor any such forward-looking statement takes into account the impact of any future events. All forward-looking statements and information set forth herein are based on management s current beliefs and assumptions as of the date hereof and speak only as of the date they are made. For a more complete discussion of the assumptions, risks and uncertainties related to our business, you are encouraged to review Meridian Corporation s filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K that update or provide information in addition to the information included in the Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, if any. Meridian Corporation does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time by Meridian Corporation or by or on behalf of Meridian Bank. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our critical accounting policies are described in detail in the "Critical Accounting Policies" section within Item 7 of our 2023 Annual Form 10-K. The SEC defines "critical accounting policies" as those that require application of management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in future periods. See Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for additional information on the adoption of ASC 326, which changes the methodology under which management calculates its reserve for loans and leases, now referred to as the 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 allowance for credit losses. Management considers the measurement of the allowance for credit losses to be a critical accounting policy. 

Executive Overview 
 The following items highlight the Corporation s changes in its financial condition as of September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023 and the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023. More detailed information related to these highlights can be found in the sections that follow. 
 
 Changes in Financial Condition - September 30, 2024 Compared to December 31, 2023 
 Total assets increased 141.5 million, or 6.3 , to 2.4 billion as of September 30, 2024. 
 Portfolio loans increased 115.0 million, or 6.1 , to 2.0 billion as of September 30, 2024. 
 Mortgage loans held for sale increased 21.8 million, or 87.8 , to 46.6 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Total deposits increased 155.5 million or 8.5 to 2.0 billion as of September 30, 2024. 
 Non-interest bearing deposits decreased 2.1 million, or 0.9 , to 237.2 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Corporation returned 4.2 million of capital to Meridian shareholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 through a 0.125 dividend per share per quarter, totaling a 0.375 year to date dividend per share. 
 
 Three Month Results of Operations - September 30, 2024 Compared to the Same Period in 2023 
 Net income was 4.7 million, or 0.42 per diluted share, up 738 thousand, or 18.4 , driven by increases in net interest income and non-interest income. 
 The return on average assets and return on average equity were 0.80 and 11.41 , respectively, for the third quarter 2024, compared to 0.73 and 10.17 , respectively, for the third quarter 2023. 
 Net interest margin decreased to 3.20 from 3.29 due to the impact of deposit and borrowing costs outpacing the repricing of interest earnings assets, mainly loans. 
 The overall provision for credit losses increased 2.2 million when comparing the third quarter 2024 to the third quarter 2023. The provision increase was largely due to the impact of charge-offs, an increase in non-performing loans, combined with providing for loan growth over this period. 
 Non-interest income increased 2.7 million, or 33.9 , to 10.8 million driven by a 1.7 million increase in mortgage banking income, an overall 1.1 million positive impact of fair value changes related to mortgage banking activities, 189 thousand of an increase in wealth management fee income, and an increase of 263 thousand in other income, partially offset by a 438 thousand decrease in SBA loan income. 
 Non-interest expense increased 528 thousand, or 2.6 , to 20.5 million due to a 409 thousand increase in salaries and employee benefits, and an increase of 393 thousand in other non-interest expense, partially offset by decreases of 131 thousand and 99 thousand, in advertising and promotion, and data processing and software expense, respectively. 

Nine Month Results of Operations - September 30, 2024 Compared to the Same Period in 2023 
 Net income was 10.7 million, or 0.96 per diluted share, down 1.9 million, or 15.2 , driven by an increase in interest expense and the provision for credit losses, partially offset by increases in interest income and non-interest income. 
 The return on average assets and return on average equity were 0.62 and 8.84 , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.79 and 10.96 , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Net interest margin decreased to 3.12 from 3.40 due to the impact of deposit and borrowing costs outpacing the repricing of interest earnings assets, mainly loans. 
 The overall provision for credit losses increased 5.6 million when comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to September 30, 2023. As noted above in the quarterly analysis, the provision increase was largely due to the impact of charge-offs, an increase in non-performing loans, combined with providing for loan growth over this period. 
 Non-interest income increased 4.2 million, or 17.7 , to 28.1 million driven by a 2.4 million increase in mortgage banking income, an overall 1.3 million positive impact of fair value changes related to mortgage banking activities, a 519 thousand increase in wealth management fee income, and an increase of 1.2 million in other income, partially offset by a 1.1 million decrease in SBA loan income. 
 Non-interest expense increased 316 thousand, or 0.6 , to 57.7 million due to an increase of 703 thousand in professional fees, an increase of 835 thousand in other expense, partially offset by a decrease of 794 thousand in salaries and employee benefits and, a 345 thousand decrease in advertising and promotions expense. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Key Performance Ratios 
 The following table presents key financial performance ratios for the periods indicated: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Return on average assets, annualized 0.80 0.73 0.62 0.79 Return on average equity, annualized 11.41 10.17 8.84 10.96 Net interest margin (tax effected yield) 3.20 3.29 3.12 3.40 Basic earnings per share 0.43 0.36 0.97 1.14 Diluted earnings per share 0.42 0.35 0.96 1.11 
 The following table presents certain key period-end balances and ratios at the dates indicated: 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Book value per common share 14.91 14.13 Tangible book value per common share (1) 
 14.58 13.78 Allowance as a percentage of loans and other finance receivables 1.09 1.17 Allowance as a percentage of loans and other finance receivables (excl. loans at fair value) (1) 
 1.10 1.17 Tier I capital to risk weighted assets 7.89 7.90 Tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio (1) 
 6.87 6.87 Loans and other finance receivables, net of fees and costs 2,008,396 1,895,806 Total assets 2,387,721 2,246,193 Total stockholders equity 167,450 158,022 
 
 (1) Non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for Non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliation. 
 Components of Net Income 
 Net income is comprised of five major elements: 
 Net Interest Income , or the difference between the interest income earned on loans, leases and investments and the interest expense paid on deposits and borrowed funds; 
 Provision For Credit Losses , or the amount added to the Allowance to provide for current expected credit losses on portfolio loans and leases; 
 Non-interest Income, which is made up primarily of mortgage banking income, wealth management income, SBA loan sale income, fair value adjustments, gains and losses from the sale of loans, gains and losses from the sale of investment securities available for sale and other fees from loan and deposit services; 
 Non-interest Expense , which consists primarily of salaries and employee benefits, occupancy, professional fees, advertising promotion, data processing, information technology, loan expenses, and other operating expenses; and 
 Income Taxes , which include state and federal jurisdictions. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

NET INTEREST INCOME 
 Net interest income is an integral source of the Corporation s revenue. The tables below present a summary for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, of the Corporation s average balances and yields earned on its interest-earning assets and the rates paid on its interest-bearing liabilities. The net interest margin is the net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. The net interest spread is the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. The difference between the net interest margin and the net interest spread is the result of net free funding sources such as non-interest bearing deposits and stockholders equity. 
 Analyses of Interest Rates and Interest Differential 
 The table below present the major asset and liability categories on an average daily balance basis for the periods presented, along with interest income, interest expense and key rates and yields on a tax equivalent basis. 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Yields/ Rates Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Yields/ Rates Assets: Cash and cash equivalents 30,519 416 5.43 17,400 245 5.58 Investment securities - taxable 145,845 1,480 4.04 106,369 901 3.36 Investment securities - tax exempt (1) 
 56,408 397 2.80 58,196 410 2.80 Loans held for sale 47,177 766 6.46 27,718 456 6.53 Loans held for investment (1) 
 1,997,574 37,339 7.44 1,876,648 33,526 7.09 Total loans 2,044,751 38,105 7.41 1,904,366 33,982 7.08 Total interest-earning assets 2,277,523 40,398 7.06 2,086,331 35,538 6.76 Noninterest earning assets 95,738 98,054 Total assets 2,373,261 2,184,385 Liabilities and stockholders' equity: Interest-bearing demand deposits 132,257 1,390 4.18 160,886 1,488 3.67 Money market and savings deposits 800,406 8,391 4.17 719,123 6,755 3.73 Time deposits 781,172 9,532 4.85 648,646 7,300 4.46 Total interest - bearing deposits 1,713,835 19,313 4.48 1,528,655 15,543 4.03 Borrowings 160,063 1,985 4.93 167,889 2,086 4.93 Subordinated debentures 49,908 779 6.21 41,311 606 5.82 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,923,806 22,077 4.57 1,737,855 18,235 4.16 Noninterest-bearing deposits 246,310 253,485 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 37,836 36,774 Total liabilities 2,207,952 2,028,114 Total stockholders' equity 165,309 156,271 Total stockholders' equity and liabilities 2,373,261 2,184,385 Net interest income and spread (1) 
 18,321 2.49 17,303 2.60 Net interest margin (1) 
 3.20 3.29 
 
 (1) Yields and net interest income are reflected on a tax-equivalent basis. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Yields/ Rates Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Yields/ Rates Assets: Cash and cash equivalents 25,712 1,047 5.44 19,514 741 5.08 Investment securities - taxable 136,275 4,055 3.97 111,884 2,853 3.41 Investment securities - tax exempt (1) 
 57,007 1,204 2.82 60,042 1,266 2.82 Loans held for sale 33,914 1,661 6.54 23,459 1,080 6.16 Loans held for investment (1) 
 1,971,595 108,274 7.34 1,836,244 94,538 6.88 Total loans 2,005,509 109,935 7.32 1,859,703 95,618 6.87 Total interest-earning assets 2,224,503 116,241 6.98 2,051,143 100,478 6.55 Noninterest earning assets 96,228 95,740 Total assets 2,320,731 2,146,883 Liabilities and stockholders' equity: Interest-bearing demand deposits 134,814 4,036 4.00 198,599 5,184 3.49 Money market and savings deposits 786,345 24,512 4.16 673,540 16,603 3.30 Time deposits 744,025 27,148 4.87 628,419 19,226 4.09 Total interest - bearing deposits 1,665,184 55,696 4.47 1,500,558 41,013 3.65 Borrowings 169,265 6,271 4.95 143,955 5,450 5.06 Subordinated debentures 49,877 2,335 6.25 40,662 1,779 5.85 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,884,326 64,302 4.56 1,685,175 48,242 3.83 Noninterest-bearing deposits 236,239 271,909 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 37,739 35,234 Total liabilities 2,158,304 1,992,318 Total stockholders' equity 162,427 154,565 Total stockholders' equity and liabilities 2,320,731 2,146,883 Net interest income and spread (1) 
 51,939 2.42 52,236 2.72 Net interest margin (1) 
 3.12 3.40 
 
 (1) Yields and net interest income are reflected on a tax-equivalent basis. 

38 

Table of Contents 

Rate / Volume Analysis 
 The rate/volume analysis table below analyzes dollar changes in the components of interest income and interest expense as they relate to the change in balances (volume) and the change in interest rates (rate) of tax-equivalent net interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same periods in 2023, allocated by rate and volume. Changes in interest income and/or expense attributable to both rate and volume have been allocated proportionately based on the relationship of the absolute dollar amount of the change in each category. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 Compared to 2023 
 (dollars in thousands) Rate Volume Total Rate Volume Total Interest income: Cash and cash equivalents (8) 180 172 57 253 310 Federal funds sold (1) (1) (4) (4) Investment securities - taxable 201 378 579 521 681 1,202 Investment securities - tax exempt (1) 
 (13) (13) 2 (64) (62) Loans held for sale (6) 316 310 73 508 581 Loans held for investment (1) 
 1,594 2,219 3,813 6,524 7,212 13,736 Total loans 1,588 2,535 4,123 6,597 7,720 14,317 Total interest income 1,780 3,080 4,860 7,177 8,586 15,763 Interest expense: Interest-bearing demand deposits 187 (285) (98) 685 (1,833) (1,148) Money market and savings deposits 829 807 1,636 4,843 3,066 7,909 Time deposits 652 1,580 2,232 4,052 3,870 7,922 Total interest - bearing deposits 1,668 2,102 3,770 9,580 5,103 14,683 Borrowings (4) (97) (101) (119) 940 821 Subordinated debentures 41 132 173 131 425 556 Total interest expense 1,705 2,137 3,842 9,592 6,468 16,060 Interest differential 75 943 1,018 (2,415) 2,118 (297) 
 
 (1) Yields and net interest income are reflected on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Same Period in 2023 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, tax-equivalent interest income increased 4.9 million as favorable rate and volume changes contributed 1.8 million, and 3.1 million, respectively, to interest income. The favorable change in rates led to increased yields on taxable investment securities (up 68 basis points) and loans held for investment (up 35 basis points) that favorably impacted interest income by 1.6 million, overall. The loans held for investment average balances increased 120.9 million, leading to a favorable volume impact on interest income of 2.2 million, while the increase in loans held for sale average balances of 19.5 million had an small but favorable impact to interest income of 316 thousand. Growth in the loans held for investment portfolio was led by average balance increases in commercial real estate 138.6 million), commercial loans 40.8 million), residential real estate 5.0 million), and home equity loans 14.3 million). 
 
 On the funding side, overall interest expense increased 3.8 million, largely driven by the continued impact that the Fed's prior period rate hikes have had on the cost of deposits and borrowings, while Fed's rate decrease announced late in the third quarter has not yet taken full effect. The cost of deposits was up across the board, leading to a 3.8 million increase to interest expense. The cost of interest-bearing demand deposits, money market and savings accounts and time deposits increased 51, 44, and 39 basis points, respectively, while the cost of borrowings did not change. Money market/savings accounts were the largest drivers of the interest expense increase due to volume as average balances on such accounts increased 81.3 million, while time deposit average balances increased 132.5 million, and the average balances on interest-bearing demand deposits decreased 28.6 million, while borrowings decreased 7.8 million on average. 
 
 Overall, the 1.0 million increase in net interest income over this period was attributable largely to volume changes as favorable rate changes in interest-earning assets were nearly offset by rate changes on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Same Period in 2023 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, tax-equivalent interest income increased 15.8 million as favorable rate and volume changes contributed 7.2 million, and 8.6 million, respectively, to interest income. The favorable change in rates led to increased yields on loans held for sale (up 38 basis points) and loans held for investment (up 46 basis points) that favorably impact interest income by 6.6 million, overall. The loans held for investment average balances increased 135.4 million, leading to a favorable volume impact on interest income of 7.2 million, while the increase in loans held for sale average balances of 10.5 million had a favorable impact to interest income of 508 thousand. Growth in the loans held for investment portfolio was led by average balance increases in commercial real estate 153.0 million), commercial loans 23.4 million), residential real estate 17.3 million), and home equity loans 15.4 million). 
 
 On the funding side, overall interest expense increased 16.1 million. The cost of deposits were up across the board, leading to a 14.7 million increase to interest expense. The cost of interest-bearing demand deposits, money market and savings accounts and time deposits increased 51 basis points, 86 basis points and 78 basis points, respectively, while the cost of borrowings decreased by 11 basis points. Money market/savings accounts were the largest drivers of the interest expense increase due to volume as average balances on such accounts increased 112.8 million, while time deposit average balances increased 115.6 million, and the average balances on interest-bearing demand deposits decreased 63.8 million, while borrowings increased 25.3 million on average. 
 
 Overall, the 297 thousand decrease in net interest income over this period was driven by rate changes as the cost of interest bearing liabilities outpaced the increase in the yield on interest earning assets. 
 . 

PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Same Periods in 2023 
 The total provision for credit losses increased 2.2 million on a net basis for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The provision on funded loans increased 1.6 million over the three month comparable period in 2023 driven by provisioning for loan growth and charge-offs, as well as an increase in specific reserves, mainly on small business loans and existing non-accrual loans. The provision on unfunded loan commitments increased over this period due to an increase in unfunded balances and the baseline loss rate for certain portfolios. 
 The total provision for credit losses increased 5.6 million on a net basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The provision on funded loans increased 5.5 million over the nine month comparable period in 2023 driven by an increase in specific reserves, mainly on small business loans and existing non-accrual loans, combined with provisioning for loan growth and charge-offs. 

NON-INTEREST INCOME 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Same Period in 2023 
 The following table presents the components of non-interest income for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Mortgage banking income 6,474 4,819 1,655 34.3 Wealth management income 1,447 1,258 189 15.0 SBA loan income 544 982 (438) (44.6) Earnings on investment in life insurance 222 201 21 10.4 Net change in the fair value of derivative instruments (102) 103 (205) (199.0) Net change in the fair value of loans held-for-sale 169 111 58 52.3 Net change in the fair value of loans held-for-investment 965 (570) 1,535 (269.3) Net (loss) gain on hedging activity (197) 82 (279) (340.2) Net loss on sale of investment securities available-for-sale (57) (3) (54) (100.0) Other 1,366 1,103 263 23.8 Total non-interest income 10,831 8,086 2,745 33.9 
 Total non-interest income increased 2.7 million due largely to improved income from our mortgage segment, despite the continued impact of the higher rate environment and a lack of housing inventory. Mortgage loan originations increased 66.0 million to 238.8 million when comparing the quarter ended September 30, 2024 to the quarter ended September 30, 2023. SBA loan income decreased 438 thousand over this period as the value of SBA loans sold for the quarter-ended September 30, 2024 was 14.3 million, or 54.6 , lower than the quarter-ended September 30, 2023, while the gross margin on sale was 7.9 for the quarter-ended September 30, 2024 compared to 6.2 for the quarter-ended September 30, 2023. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 The net change in the fair value of loans held-for-investment improved to a gain of 965 thousand for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to a loss of 570 thousand for the comparable prior year quarter, due to the impact of the changing interest rate environment and the impact this has had on loans in portfolio that are held at fair value. Other non-interest income increased due to an increase in FHLB stock income, increases in broker fees and other mortgage segment related income, as well as business credit card fee income. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Same Period in 2023 
 The following table presents the components of non-interest income for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Mortgage banking income 15,528 13,143 2,385 18.1 Wealth management income 4,208 3,689 519 14.1 SBA loan income 2,315 3,463 (1,148) (33.2) Earnings on investment in life insurance 644 585 59 10.1 Net change in the fair value of derivative instruments 176 217 (41) (18.9) Net change in the fair value of loans held-for-sale 138 (88) 226 (256.8) Net change in the fair value of loans held-for-investment 766 (673) 1,439 (213.8) Net (loss) gain on hedging activity (279) 81 (360) (444.4) Net loss on sale of investment securities available-for-sale (57) (58) 1 (100.0) Other 
 4,620 3,489 1,131 32.4 Total non-interest income 28,059 23,848 4,211 17.7 
 Total non-interest income increased 4.2 million due largely to improved income from our mortgage segment, despite the continued impact of the higher rate environment and a lack of housing inventory. Mortgage loan originations increased 112.0 million to 594.5 million when comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. SBA loan income decreased 1.1 million over this period as the value of SBA loans sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 25 million, or 39.1 , lower than for the nine months September 30, 2023, while the gross margin on sale was 8.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 6.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The net changes in the fair value of loans held-for-sale increased by 226 thousand, period over period due to the increase in volume and the impact of the changing interest rate environment. Other non-interest income in several areas increased including FHLB stock income, broker fees and other mortgage segment related income, as well as business credit card fee income, and other account related fees such as wire transfer fees and ATM fees. 
 
 NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Same Period in 2023 
 The following table presents the components of non-interest expense for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 12,829 12,420 409 3.3 Occupancy and equipment 1,243 1,226 17 1.4 Professional fees 1,106 1,104 2 0.2 Data processing and software 1,553 1,652 (99) (6.0) Advertising and promotion 717 848 (131) (15.4) Pennsylvania bank shares tax 181 244 (63) (25.8) Other 2,917 2,524 393 15.6 Total non-interest expense 20,546 20,018 528 2.6 
 Total non-interest expense increased 528 thousand, or 2.6 , largely attributable to an increase in salaries and employee benefits and other non-interest expense. Salaries and employee benefits increased 409 thousand due largely to the improvement in mortgage banking operations over the period, combined with a higher level of stock based compensation expense. Other non-interest expense increased 393 thousand due to an increase in certain commercial and consumer related loan expenses due to portfolio growth, and employee related training and recruitment fees as we continue to search for high performing individuals to join the Meridian team, partially offset by a decrease in FDIC insurance expense. Data processing and software expense decreased 99 thousand as a result of a change in mortgage customer volume, and advertising and promotion expense decreased 131 thousand as well due to the timing of marketing campaigns and events. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Same Period in 2023 
 The following table presents the components of non-interest expense for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 34,839 35,633 (794) (2.2) Occupancy and equipment 3,706 3,610 96 2.7 Professional fees 3,633 2,930 703 24.0 Data processing and software 4,591 4,764 (173) (3.6) Advertising and promotion 2,454 2,799 (345) (12.3) Pennsylvania bank shares tax 729 735 (6) (0.8) Other 7,786 6,951 835 12.0 Total non-interest expense 57,738 57,422 316 0.6 
 Total non-interest expense increased 316 thousand, or 0.6 , largely attributable to an increase in professional fees, and other non-interest expense, partially offset by a decrease in salaries and employee benefits, and advertising expense. Salaries and employee benefits decreased 794 thousand due largely to the above noted cost reduction efforts in the mortgage segment, combined with lower stock based compensation expense. Professional fees increased 703 thousand over this period due to an increase in loan and lease workout expenses and OREO expense, as well as an increase in audit related costs. Other non-interest expense increased 835 thousand due largely to an increase in certain commercial and consumer related loan expenses due to portfolio growth, and employee related training and recruitment fees. 
 
 INCOME TAX EXPENSE 
 Income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.5 million, and 3.4 million, respectively, as compared to 1.2 million, and 3.6 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2023. Our effective tax rates were 24.0 and 24.3 , respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 23.1 and 22.0 for the same periods in 2023. While income tax expense decreased primarily due to the decrease in income before income taxes, the effective tax rate increased due to the impact of additional nondeductible expense, partially offset by an increase in tax-free bank owned life insurance income. 

BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 
 As of September 30, 2024, total assets were 2.4 billion which increased 141.5 million, or 6.3 , from December 31, 2023. This increase in assets over the prior period was due primarily to loan portfolio growth, as detailed in the following table: 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Change Mortgage loans held for sale 46,602 24,816 21,786 87.8 Real estate loans: Commercial mortgage 800,938 737,863 63,075 8.5 Home equity lines and loans 86,967 76,287 10,680 14.0 Residential mortgage 257,604 260,604 (3,000) (1.2) Construction 250,552 246,440 4,112 1.7 Total real estate loans 1,396,061 1,321,194 74,867 5.7 Commercial and industrial 363,854 302,891 60,963 20.1 Small business loans 156,499 142,342 14,157 9.9 Consumer 342 389 (47) (12.1) Leases, net 86,704 121,632 (34,928) (28.7) Total portfolio loans and leases 2,003,460 1,888,448 115,012 6.1 Total loans and leases 2,050,062 1,913,264 136,798 7.1 
 Portfolio loans increased 115.0 million, to 2.0 billion as of September 30, 2024, from 1.9 billion as of December 31, 2023. Overall portfolio loan growth was 6.1 since December 31, 2023, or 8.1 on an annualized basis for 2024. Commercial real estate loans increased 63.1 million, or 8.5 , commercial and industrial loans increased 61.0 million, or 20.1 , and construction loans increased 4.1 million, or 1.7 . 
 As of September 30, 2024, included within the commercial real estate loans total of 800.9 million was 253.0 million of owner-occupied commercial loans, as well as 110.2 million of multi-family loans. Nearly all of the multi-family real estate loans are on properties located in Philadelphia and surrounding counties we service. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents the major categories of deposits at the dates indicated: 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Change Noninterest-bearing deposits 237,207 239,289 (2,082) (0.9) Interest-bearing deposits: Interest-bearing demand deposits 133,429 150,898 (17,469) (11.6) Money market and savings deposits 822,837 747,803 75,034 10.0 Time deposits 785,454 685,472 99,982 14.6 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,741,720 1,584,173 157,547 9.9 Total deposits 1,978,927 1,823,462 155,465 8.5 
 Total deposits increased 155.5 million, or 8.5 , since December 31, 2023. Noninterest-bearing deposits and interest-bearing accounts decreased 2.1 million, and 17.5 million, respectively, during the period. This decline was largely due to customer preference for money market deposits which carry higher interest rates than demand deposits. Time deposits grew 100.0 million, or 14.6 , largely due to wholesale funding as customers prefer the higher term interest rates offered by these products. 
 The majority of Meridian's deposit base is comprised of business deposits (51 ), with consumer deposits amounting to 12 at September 30, 2024. Municipal deposits (11 and brokered deposits (26 provide growth funding. Historically, business deposits lag loan fundings. A typical business relationship maintains operating accounts, investment accounts or sweep accounts and business owners may also have personal savings or wealth accounts. Deposit balances in business accounts have a tendency to be higher on average than consumer accounts. At September 30, 2024, 62 of business accounts and 89 of consumer accounts were fully insured by the FDIC. The municipal deposits are 100 collateralized and brokered deposits are 100 FDIC insured. The level of uninsured deposits for the entire deposit base was 20 at September 30, 2024. 

Capital 
 Consolidated stockholders equity of the Corporation was 167.5 million, or 7.0 of total assets as of September 30, 2024, as compared to 158.0 million, or 7.0 of total assets as of December 31, 2023. On October 22, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.125 per common share payable November 19, 2024 to shareholders of record as of November 12, 2024. 
 Under the Community Bank Leverage Ratio framework, a community banking organization that is less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, and has limited amounts of certain assets and off-balance sheet exposures, and a CBLR greater than 9 can elect to report a single regulatory capital ratio. The Corporation has elected to be measured under this framework for Bank capital adequacy and had ratios of 9.32 and 9.46 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Corporation is exempt from CBLR. 
 The following table presents the Bank s capital ratios and the minimum capital requirements to be considered well capitalized by regulators at the periods indicated: 
 Bank Well-capitalized minimum September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Tier 1 leverage ratio 9.32 9.46 5.00 Common tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 10.17 10.10 6.50 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 10.17 10.10 8.00 Total risk-based capital ratio 11.22 11.17 10.00 
 
 In December 2018, the Federal Reserve announced that a banking organization that experiences a reduction in retained earnings due to the CECL adoption as of the beginning of the fiscal year in which CECL is adopted may elect to phase in the regulatory capital impact of adopting CECL. Transitional amounts are calculated for the following items: retained earnings, temporary difference deferred tax assets and credit loss allowances eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital. When calculating regulatory capital ratios, 25 of the transitional amounts are phased in during the first year. An additional 25 of the transitional amounts are phased in over each of the next two years and at the beginning of the fourth year, the day-one effects of CECL are completely reflected in regulatory capital. As of September 30, 2024, Meridian has phased in 50 of the day-one effects of CECL. 

Asset Quality Summary 
 The ratio of non-performing assets to total assets was 1.97 as of September 30, 2024, up from 1.58 reported as of December 31, 2023. Total non-performing loans of 45.1 million as of September 30, 2024, increased 11.4 million from 33.8 million as December 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 31, 2023. The changes were the result of risk rating downgrades in several loan categories including SBA loans and the acquisition of a PCD loan during the period, partially offset by a decline in small equipment leasing non-performing loans and charge-offs as of September 30, 2024. 
 Meridian realized net charge-offs of 0.11 of total average loans for the three months ending September 30, 2024, which was up from 0.05 reported for the same period in 2023. Net charge-offs for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 were 2.3 million, compared to net charge-offs of 914 thousand for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. Net charge-offs for the current quarter comprised of 2.4 million in charge-offs, with 152 thousand in recoveries, and were nearly an even split between SBA loans and small ticket equipment leases. 
 The ratio of allowance for credit losses to total loans and other finance receivables, excluding loans at fair value (a non-GAAP measure, see reconciliation in the Appendix), was 1.10 as of September 30, 2024 compared to 1.17 as of December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 there were specific reserves of 6.8 million against non-performing loans, an increase from 6.5 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase over this period was due to an increase in specific reserves on certain SBA and commercial loan relationships, led by the impact of a loan participation that was repurchased during the quarter and classified as a PCD loan and therefore increased the ACL as of September 30, 2024, partially offset by specific reserves that existed as of December 31, 2023 that were charged-off during 2024. 
 The drop in ACL coverage ratio noted above since December 31, 2023 was the direct result of charge-offs of specific reserves on individually evaluated loans. But despite the decrease in the ACL coverage ratio in the ACL on collectively evaluated loans, management continues to provide for loan growth in various portfolio segments, as well as providing for growth in certain qualitative factors in riskier portfolio segments. 
 The Corporation is proactive with its loan review process that utilizes the engagement of an independent outside loan review firm, which helps identify developing credit issues. Proactive steps that are taken include the procurement of additional collateral (preferably outside the current loan structure) whenever possible and frequent contact with the borrower. The Corporation believes that timely identification of credit issues and appropriate actions early in the process serve to mitigate overall risk of loss. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Nonperforming Assets and Related Ratios 
 The following table presents nonperforming assets and related ratios for the periods indicated: 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Non-performing assets: Nonaccrual loans: Real estate loans: Commercial mortgage 851 Home equity lines and loans 1,213 1,037 Residential mortgage 8,942 4,536 Construction 3,305 1,206 Total real estate loans 14,311 6,779 Commercial and industrial 15,142 15,413 Small business loans 13,802 9,440 Leases 1,888 2,131 Total nonaccrual loans 45,143 33,763 Other real estate owned 1,862 1,703 Total non-performing assets 47,005 35,466 Asset quality ratios: Non-performing assets to total assets 1.97 1.58 Non-performing loans to: Total loans and leases 2.20 1.76 Total loans and other finance receivables 2.25 1.78 Total loans and other finance receivables (excluding loans at fair value) (1) 
 2.26 1.79 Allowance for credit losses to: Total loans and leases 1.07 1.15 Total loans and other finance receivables 1.09 1.17 Total loans and other finance receivables (excluding loans at fair value) (1) 
 1.10 1.17 Non-performing loans 48.66 65.48 Total loans and leases 2,054,998 1,920,622 Total loans and other finance receivables 2,008,396 1,895,806 Total loans and other finance receivables (excluding loans at fair value) 1,994,431 1,882,080 Allowance for credit losses 21,965 22,107 
 
 (1) The allowance for credit losses to total loans and other finance receivables (excluding loans at fair value) ratio is a non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of this measure to its most comparable GAAP measure. 

Liquidity 
 Management maintains liquidity to meet depositors needs for funds, to satisfy or fund loan commitments, and for other operating purposes. Meridian s foundation for liquidity is a stable and loyal customer deposit base, cash and cash equivalents, and a marketable investment portfolio that provides periodic cash flow through regular maturities and amortization or that can be used as collateral to secure funding. 
 
 In addition, Meridian maintains borrowing arrangements with various correspondent banks, the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia to meet short-term liquidity needs and has access to approximately 879.5 million in liquidity from these sources. Through its relationship at the Federal Reserve, Meridian had available credit of approximately 6.0 million at September 30, 2024. As a member of the FHLB, we are eligible to borrow up to a specific credit limit, which is determined by the amount of our residential mortgages, commercial mortgages and other loans that have been pledged as collateral. As of September 30, 2024, Meridian s 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 maximum borrowing capacity with the FHLB was 684.0 million. At September 30, 2024, Meridian had borrowed 143.4 million and the FHLB had issued letters of credit, on Meridian s behalf, totaling 162.4 million against its available credit lines. At September 30, 2024, Meridian also had available 56.0 million of unsecured federal funds lines of credit with other financial institutions as well as 173.9 million of available short or long term funding through the CDARS program and 328.0 million of available short or long term funding through brokered CD arrangements. Management believes that Meridian has adequate resources to meet its short-term and long-term funding requirements. 

Discussion of Segments 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Corporation has three principal segments as defined by FASB ASC 280, Segment Reporting. The segments are Banking, Mortgage Banking and Wealth Management (see Note 10 in the accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 The Banking Segment recorded income before tax of 3.9 million and 10.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to income before tax of 6.3 million and 19.8 million for the same periods in 2023. The Banking Segment provided 63.1 and 75.0 of the Corporation s pre-tax profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 121.2 and 122.1 for the same periods in 2023. 
 The Wealth Management Segment recorded income before tax of 653 thousand and 1.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to income before tax of 417 thousand and 973 thousand for the same periods in 2023. The increase in income in this segment was the result of an increase in assets under management and improved market conditions over the period. 
 The Mortgage Banking Segment recorded income before tax of 1.7 million and 1.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to losses before tax of 1.5 million and 4.6 million for the same periods in 2023. Mortgage Banking income and expenses related to loan originations and sales increased over the comparable periods due to higher loan origination and sales volume. 

Off Balance Sheet Risk 
 The Corporation is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, and loan repurchase commitments. 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the loan agreement. Total commitments to extend credit at September 30, 2024 were 597.3 million as compared to 517.7 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Corporation to a customer for a third party. Such standby letters of credit are issued to support private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing standby letters of credit is similar to that involved in granting loan facilities to customers. The Corporation s obligation under standby letters of credit at September 30, 2024 amounted to 11.3 million as compared to 10.9 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Estimated fair values of the Corporation s off-balance sheet instruments are based on fees and rates currently charged to enter into similar loan agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties credit standing. Since fees and rates charged for off-balance sheet items are at market levels when set, there is no material difference between the stated amount and the estimated fair value of off-balance sheet instruments. 
 In certain circumstances the Corporation may be required to repurchase residential mortgage loans from investors under the terms of loan sale agreements. Generally, these circumstances include the breach of representations and warranties made to investors regarding borrower default or early payment, as well as a violation of the applicable federal, state, or local lending laws. The Corporation agrees to repurchase loans if the representations and warranties made with respect to such loans are breached. Based on the obligations described above, the Corporation repurchased one loan totaling 257 thousand and 5 loans totaling 1.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, while the Corporation repurchased 2 loans totaling 730 thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Meridian believes that non-GAAP measures are meaningful because they reflect adjustments commonly made by management, investors, regulators and analysts to evaluate performance trends and the adequacy of common equity. This non-GAAP disclosure has limitations as an analytical tool, should not be viewed as a substitute for performance and financial condition measures determined in accordance with GAAP, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of Meridian s results as reported under GAAP, nor is it necessarily comparable to non-GAAP performance measures that may be presented by other companies. 
 Our management used the measure of the tangible common equity ratio to assess our capital strength. We believe that this non-GAAP financial measure is useful to investors because, by removing the impact of our goodwill and other intangible assets, it allows investors to more easily assess our capital adequacy. This non-GAAP financial measure should not be considered a substitute for any regulatory capital ratios and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The table below provides the non-GAAP reconciliation for our tangible common equity ratio and tangible book value per common share: 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total stockholders' equity (GAAP) 167,450 158,022 Less: Goodwill and intangible assets (3,717) (3,870) Tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 163,733 154,152 Total assets (GAAP) 2,387,721 2,246,193 Less: Goodwill and intangible assets (3,717) (3,870) Tangible assets (non-GAAP) 2,384,004 2,242,323 Stockholders' equity to total assets (GAAP) 7.01 7.04 Tangible common equity to tangible assets (non-GAAP) 6.87 6.87 Shares outstanding 11,229 11,183 Book value per share (GAAP) 14.91 14.13 Tangible book value per share (non-GAAP) 14.58 13.78 
 The following is a reconciliation of the allowance for credit losses to total loans held for investment ratio at September 30, 2024. This is considered a non-GAAP measure as the calculation excludes the impact of loans held for investment that are fair valued as these loan types are not included in the allowance for credit losses calculation. 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Allowance for credit losses (GAAP) 21,965 22,107 Loans and other finance receivables (GAAP) 2,008,396 1,895,806 Less: Loans at fair value (13,965) (13,726) Loans and other finance receivables, excluding loans at fair value (non-GAAP) 1,994,431 1,882,080 Allowance for credit losses to loans and other finance receivables (GAAP) 1.09 1.17 Allowance for credit losses to loans and other finance receivables, excluding loans at fair value (non-GAAP) 1.10 1.17 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Simulations of Net Interest Income 
 We use a simulation model on a quarterly basis to measure and evaluate potential changes in our net interest income resulting from various hypothetical interest rate scenarios. Our model incorporates various assumptions that management believes to be reasonable, but which may have a significant impact on results such as: 
 The timing of changes in interest rates; 
 Shifts or rotations in the yield curve; 
 Repricing characteristics for market rate sensitive instruments on the balance sheet; 
 Differing sensitivities of financial instruments due to differing underlying rate indices; 
 Varying timing of loan prepayments for different interest rate scenarios; 
 The effect of interest rate floors, periodic loan caps and lifetime loan caps; 
 Overall growth rates and product mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Because of the limitations inherent in any approach used to measure interest rate risk, simulated results are not intended to be used as a forecast of the actual effect of a change in market interest rates on our results, but rather as a means to better plan and execute appropriate ALM strategies. 
 Potential increase (decrease) to our net interest income between a flat interest rate scenario and hypothetical rising and declining interest rate scenarios, measured over a one-year period as of the dates indicated, are presented in the following table which assuming rate shifts occur upward and downward on the yield curve in even increments over the first twelve months (ramp) followed by rates held constant thereafter. 
 September 30, Changes in Market Interest Rates 2024 2023 +300 basis points over next 12 months 2.04 (1.25) +200 basis points over next 12 months 1.62 (0.74) +100 basis points over next 12 months 0.96 (0.29) No Change -100 basis points over next 12 months (1.31) (1.33) -200 basis points over next 12 months (2.54) (2.63) -300 basis points over next 12 months (3.10) (3.77) 
 The above interest rate simulation suggests that the Corporation s balance sheet is asset sensitive as of September 30, 2024. In its current position, the table indicates that net interest income will fluctuate in an up or down 100 basis point environment over the next 12 months. The simulated exposure to a change in interest rates is manageable and well within policy guidelines. The results continue to drive our funding strategy of increasing relationship-based accounts (core deposits) and utilizing term deposits to fund short to medium duration assets. 
 Simulation of economic value of equity 
 To quantify the amount of capital required to absorb potential losses in value of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities resulting from adverse market movements, we calculate economic value of equity on a quarterly basis. We define economic value of equity as the net present value of our balance sheet s cash flow, and we calculate economic value of equity by discounting anticipated principal and interest cash flows under the prevailing and hypothetical interest rate environments. Potential changes to our economic value of equity between a flat rate scenario and hypothetical rising and declining rate scenarios are presented in the following table. The projections assume shifts upward and downward in the yield curve of 100, 200 and 300 basis points occurring immediately. 
 September 30, Changes in Market Interest Rates 2024 2023 +300 basis points 9 (10) +200 basis points 9 (6) +100 basis points 6 (2) No Change -100 basis points (9) -200 basis points (25) (5) -300 basis points (47) (17) 
 This economic value of equity profile at September 30, 2024 suggests that we would experience a negative effect from a decrease of 100 basis points in rates, and the impact would worsen as rates continued to move downward. While an instantaneous shift in interest rates is used in this analysis to provide an estimate of exposure, we believe that a gradual shift in interest rates would have a much more modest impact. Since economic value of equity measures the discounted present value of cash flows over the estimated lives of instruments, the change in economic value of equity does not directly correlate to the degree that earnings would be impacted over a shorter time horizon. 
 The results of our net interest income and economic value of equity simulation analysis are purely hypothetical, and a variety of factors might cause actual results to differ substantially from what is depicted. For example, if the timing and magnitude of interest rate changes differ from that projected, our net interest income might vary significantly. Non-parallel yield curve shifts or changes in interest rate spreads would also cause net interest income to be different from that projected. An increasing interest rate environment could reduce projected net interest income if deposits and other short-term interest-bearing liabilities reprice faster than expected or faster than our interest-earning assets. Actual results could differ from those projected if interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities grow faster or slower than estimated, or otherwise change its mix of products. Actual results could also differ from those projected if actual repayment speeds in the loan portfolio are substantially different than those assumed in the simulation model. Furthermore, the results do not take into account the impact of changes in loan prepayment rates on loan discount accretion. If loan prepayment rates were to increase, any remaining loan discounts would be recognized into interest income. This would result in a current period offset to declining net interest income caused by higher rate loans prepaying. Finally, these simulation results do not contemplate all the actions 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 that management may undertake in response to changes in interest rates, such as changes to loan, investment, deposit, funding or other strategies. 
 Management has and continues to employ strategies to mitigate risk in the Net Interest Income and Economic Value simulations. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d- 15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, the Corporation s CEO and CFO have concluded that the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Corporation in the reports that the Corporation files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported completely and accurately within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting identified during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 None 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 There have been no material changes in the risk factors faced by the Corporation from those disclosed in the Corporation s Annual 
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 None. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated April 26, 2018 by and between Registrant, Bank and Meridian Interim Bank, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K on August 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.1 Amended Articles of Incorporation of Registrant, filed herewith. 
 3.2 Bylaws of Registrant, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K on August 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.2 Indenture, dated as of December 18, 2019, between Meridian Corporation, as Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 18, 2019. 

4.3 Form of 5.375 Subordinated Note due 2029 (included as Exhibit A-1 and Exhibit A-2 to the Indenture incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.2 hereto), filed with the SEC on December 18, 2019. 

31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/ 15d-14(a) Certification of the Principal Executive Officer, filed herewith. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/ 15d-14(a) Certification of the Principal Financial Officer, filed herewith. 
 32 Section 1350 Certifications, filed herewith. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 50 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 8, 2024 Meridian Corporation By: /s/ Christopher J. Annas Christopher J. Annas President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Denise Lindsay Denise Lindsay Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mrbk_ex31x1x9302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 RULE 13a -14(a) CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Christopher J. Annas, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Meridian Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 s Christopher J. Annas Christopher J. Annas President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mrbk_ex31x2x9302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Denise Lindsay, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Meridian Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 s Denise Lindsay Denise Lindsay Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 mrbk_ex32x9302024.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Meridian Corporation on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Meridian Corporation. 
 s Christopher J. Annas Christopher J. Annas President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) s Denise Lindsay Denise Lindsay Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Date November 8, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 mrbk-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 mrbk-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 mrbk-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 mrbk-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 mrbk-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

