<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_1018963_0001628280-24-044066.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11793755</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>163115</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1669220</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4773942</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2495600</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2435674</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-044066.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029135948
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-044066
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ATI INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001018963
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL PIPE & TUBES [3317]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				251792394
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12001
		FILM NUMBER:		241404819

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 MCKINNEY AVENUE
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4123942800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 MCKINNEY AVENUE
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLEGHENY TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991213

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLEGHENY TELEDYNE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960716

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-044066.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 ati-20240929.htm
 10-Q

ati-20240929 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period From to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 At October 11, 2024, the registrant had outstanding shares of its Common Stock. 

ATI INC. 
 SEC FORM 10-Q 
 Quarter Ended September 29, 2024 
 INDEX 
 Page No. PART I. - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 4 
 Statements of Changes in Consolidated Equity 5 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 6 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 40 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 42 
 PART II. - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 42 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 42 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 43 
 Item 5. Other Information 44 
 Item 6. Exhibits 44 
 SIGNATURES 45 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 ATI Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions, except share and per share amounts) 
 (Current period unaudited) 
 September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Short-term contract assets Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Current Assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Short-term contract liabilities Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Total Current Liabilities Long-term debt Accrued postretirement benefits Pension liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities Equity: ATI Stockholders Equity: Preferred stock, par value : authorized- shares; issued- 
 Common stock, par value : authorized- shares; issued- shares at September 29, 2024 and shares at December 31, 2023; outstanding- shares at September 29, 2024 and shares at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained loss ) ) Treasury stock: shares at September 29, 2024 and shares at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total ATI stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 1 

ATI Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Quarter ended Year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling and administrative expenses Restructuring charges (credits) ) ) Loss (gain) on asset sales and sales of businesses, net ) ) Operating income Nonoperating retirement benefit expense ) ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other income, net Income before income taxes Income tax provision Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to ATI Basic net income attributable to ATI per common share Diluted net income attributable to ATI per common share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 2 

ATI Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Quarter ended Year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Net income Currency translation adjustment Unrealized net change arising during the period ) ) Derivatives Net derivatives loss on hedge transactions ) ) ) ) Reclassification to net income of net realized loss Income taxes on derivative transactions Total ) ) Postretirement benefit plans Actuarial loss Amortization of net actuarial loss Prior service cost Amortization to net income of net prior service credits ) ) ) ) Income taxes on postretirement benefit plans Total Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to ATI 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 3 

ATI Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Deferred taxes Net gains from disposal of property, plant and equipment ) ) Loss (gain) on sales of businesses Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Inventories ) ) Accounts receivable ) ) Accounts payable ) Pension plan contributions ) Retirement benefits ) ) Accrued liabilities and other ) ) Cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing Activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment Transaction costs for sales of businesses, net of proceeds ) Other Cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities: Borrowings on long-term debt Payments on long-term debt and finance leases ) ) Net payments under credit facilities ) ) Receipt of convertible note capped call Debt issuance costs ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Shares repurchased for income tax withholding on share-based compensation and other ) ) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Less: Cash held for sale ) Decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 4 

ATI Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Statements of Changes in Consolidated Equity 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 ATI Stockholders Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non- controlling Interests Total Equity Balance, July 2, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Employee stock plans ) Balance, October 1, 2023 ) ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Conversion of convertible notes ) Convertible note capped call Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Employee stock plans Balance, September 29, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 ATI Stockholders Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non- controlling Interests Total Equity Balance, January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Employee stock plans ) Balance, October 1, 2023 ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Conversion of convertible notes ) Convertible note capped call Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Employee stock plans ) Balance, September 29, 2024 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 5 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Unaudited 
 
 Note 1. 
 
 6 

Note 2. 
 business segments: High Performance Materials Components (HPMC) and Advanced Alloys Solutions (AA S). Revenue is disaggregated within these business segments by diversified global markets, primary geographical markets and diversified products. 
 Airframes- Commercial Defense Total Aerospace Defense Energy: Conventional Energy Specialty Energy Total Energy Automotive Medical Electronics Construction/Mining Food Equipment Appliances Other Total 
 (in millions) Year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 HPMC AA S Total HPMC AA S Total Diversified Global Markets: Aerospace Defense: Jet Engines- Commercial Airframes- Commercial Defense Total Aerospace Defense Energy: Conventional Energy Specialty Energy Total Energy Automotive Medical Electronics Construction/Mining Food Equipment Appliances Other Total 
 7 

Europe Asia Canada South America, Middle East and other Total 
 (in millions) Year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 HPMC AA S Total HPMC AA S Total Primary Geographical Market: United States Europe Asia Canada South America, Middle East and other Total 
 Comparative information regarding the Company s major products based on their percentages of sales is included in the following table. Hot-Rolling and Processing Facility (HRPF) conversion service sales in the AA S segment are excluded from this presentation. 
 Quarter ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 HPMC AA S Total HPMC AA S Total Diversified Products and Services: Nickel-based alloys and specialty alloys Precision forgings, castings and components Titanium and titanium-based alloys Precision rolled strip products Zirconium and related alloys Total 
 Year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 HPMC AA S Total HPMC AA S Total Diversified Products and Services: Nickel-based alloys and specialty alloys Precision forgings, castings and components Titanium and titanium-based alloys Zirconium and related alloys Precision rolled strip products Total 
 The Company maintained a backlog of confirmed orders totaling billion and billion at September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. Due to the structure of the Company s long-term agreements, approximately of this backlog at September 29, 2024 represented booked orders with performance obligations that will be satisfied within the next 12 months. The backlog does not reflect any elements of variable consideration. 

8 

million and million, respectively. The following represents the rollforward of accounts receivable - reserve for doubtful accounts and contract assets and liabilities for the year-to-date periods ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023: 
 Expense to increase the reserve Write-off of uncollectible accounts ) ) Balance as of period end 
 Recognized in current year Reclassified to accounts receivable ) ) Balance as of period end 
 (in millions) Contract Liabilities Short-term September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Balance as of beginning of year Recognized in current year Amounts in beginning balance reclassified to revenue ) ) Current year amounts reclassified to revenue ) ) Other ) Reclassification to/from long-term Balance as of period end Long-term (a) September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Balance as of beginning of year Recognized in current year Reclassification to/from short-term ) ) Balance as of period end 
 (a) Long-term contract liabilities are included in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Contract costs for obtaining and fulfilling a contract were million and million as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are reported in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheet. Contract cost amortization expense for the quarter and year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 was million and million, respectively. Contract cost amortization expense for the quarter and year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 

9 

Note 3. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Inventory valuation reserves ) ) Total inventories, net 

Note 4. 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 million. Capital expenditures on the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year-to-date periods ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 exclude million and million, respectively, of accrued capital expenditures that were included in property, plant and equipment at September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. 

10 

Note 5. 
 Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets Total long-term assets Total Assets Liabilities Accounts payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities Net assets held for sale 
 
 Note 6. 
 interest in the Chinese joint venture known as STAL. The remaining interest in STAL is owned by China Baowu Steel Group Corporation Limited, a state authorized investment company whose equity securities are publicly traded in the People s Republic of China. STAL is part of ATI s AA S segment and manufactures Precision Rolled Strip (PRS) stainless products mainly for the electronics and automotive markets located in Asia. Cash and cash equivalents held by STAL as of September 29, 2024 were million. 
 
 Next Gen Alloys LLC: 
 The Company has a interest in Next Gen Alloys LLC, a joint venture with GE Aviation for the development of a new meltless titanium alloy powder manufacturing technology; however, there is no active development at this time. Next Gen Alloys LLC funds its development activities through the sale of shares to the two joint venture partners. Cash and cash equivalents held by this joint venture as of September 29, 2024 were million. 
 
 11 

interest in A T Stainless, a joint venture with an affiliate company of Tsingshan Group (Tsingshan) to produce 60-inch wide stainless sheet products for sale in North America. Tsingshan purchased its joint venture interest in A T Stainless in 2018 for million. The A T Stainless operations included the Company s previously-idled direct roll and pickle (DRAP) facility in Midland, PA. ATI provided hot-rolling conversion services to A T Stainless using the AA S segment s HRPF. The DRAP facility has been idled since the third quarter of 2020. ATI accounts for the A T Stainless joint venture under the equity method of accounting. 
 
 ATI s share of A T Stainless results were losses of million and million for the quarter and year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the quarter and year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023, respectively, which are included within other income/expense, net, on the consolidated statements of operations and in the AA S segment s operating results. As of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, ATI had net receivables for working capital advances and administrative services from A T Stainless of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Uniti: 
 interest in the industrial titanium joint venture known as Uniti, with the remaining interest held by VSMPO, a Russian producer of titanium, aluminum, and specialty steel products. On March 9, 2022, the Company announced the termination of Uniti, LLC. No impairments were recorded as a result of the decision to terminate the Uniti joint venture. Uniti was accounted for under the equity method of accounting. ATI s share of Uniti s results were losses of million for quarter ended October 1, 2023 and income of million for the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023, which were included in the AA S segment s operating results, and within other income/expense, net on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company received its final distribution in the first quarter of 2024 as a result of the termination, and formal dissolution occurred in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 
 Note 7. 
 Gains from disposal of property, plant and equipment, net Net equity loss on joint ventures (See Note 6) ) ) ) ) Other Total other income, net 
 Gains from disposal of property, plant and equipment, net for the quarter and year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 include a million gain on the sale of certain oil and gas rights. These cash gains are reported as an investing activity on the consolidated statement of cash flow for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024. 
 
 Restructuring 
 Restructuring charges were million for the quarter ended September 29, 2024 and represent severance for the involuntary reduction of several domestic employees. Restructuring charges were a credit of million for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, primarily for a reduction in severance-related reserves for approximately employees based on revised workforce reduction estimates, which includes the ongoing restructuring of the Company s European operations. Restructuring charges for the third quarter ended October 1, 2023 were a credit of million for a reduction in severance-related reserves related to approximately employees based on revised workforce reduction estimates. Restructuring charges for the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023 were a charge of million and represent severance for the involuntary reduction of approximately employees across the Company s domestic operations, partially offset by the credit in the third quarter 2023 discussed above. These amounts are presented as restructuring charges (credits) in the consolidated statements of operations and are excluded from segment EBITDA. 
 12 

Adjustments ) Payments ) Balance at September 29, 2024 
 The million restructuring reserve balance at September 29, 2024 is recorded in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Supplier Financing 
 million and million, respectively, reported in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets under such programs. 
 
 Note 8. 
 Notes due 2030 
 Notes due 2027 
 Notes due 2031 
 Notes due 2029 
 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 
 Debentures due 2025 (a) 
 ABL Term Loan U.S. revolving credit facility Foreign credit facilities Finance leases and other Debt issuance costs ) ) Debt Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt 
 
 (a) The payment obligations of these debentures issued by Allegheny Ludlum, LLC are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ATI. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 The Company has an Asset Based Lending (ABL) Credit Facility, which is collateralized by the accounts receivable and inventory of the Company s operations. The ABL facility also provides the Company with the option of including certain machinery and equipment as additional collateral for purposes of determining availability under the facility. The ABL facility, which matures in September 2027, includes a million revolving credit facility, a letter of credit sub-facility of up to million, a million term loan (Term Loan), and a swing loan facility of up to million. The Term Loan has an interest rate of above the adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) and can be prepaid in increments of million if certain minimum liquidity conditions are satisfied. In addition, the Company has the right to request an increase of up to million in the maximum amount available under the revolving credit facility for the duration of the ABL. The Company previously maintained a million floating-for-fixed interest rate swap which converted a portion of the Term Loan to a fixed interest rate that matured in June 2024. 
 
 13 

and for SOFR-based borrowings and between and for base rate borrowings. The ABL facility contains a financial covenant whereby the Company must maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than : after an event of default has occurred and is continuing or if the undrawn availability under the ABL revolving credit portion of the facility is less than the greater of (i) of the then applicable maximum loan amount under the revolving credit portion of the ABL and the outstanding Term Loan balance, or (ii) million. The Company was in compliance with the fixed charge coverage ratio as of September 29, 2024. Additionally, the Company must demonstrate minimum liquidity specified by the facility during the -day period immediately preceding the stated maturity date of its Debentures due 2025 issued by the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Allegheny Ludlum LLC. The ABL also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of this type, including limitations on the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness or liens or to enter into investments, mergers and acquisitions, dispositions of assets and transactions with affiliates, some of which are more restrictive, at any time during the term of the ABL when the Company s fixed charge coverage ratio is less than : and its undrawn availability under the revolving portion of the ABL is less than the greater of (a) million or (b) of the sum of the maximum loan amount under the revolving credit portion of the ABL and the outstanding Term Loan balance. 
 
 As of September 29, 2024, there were outstanding borrowings under the revolving portion of the ABL facility, and million was utilized to support the issuance of letters of credit. There were revolving credit borrowings under the ABL facility during the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024. There were average revolving credit borrowings of million bearing an average annual interest rate of under the ABL facility for the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023. The Company also has foreign credit facilities, primarily in China, that total million based on September 29, 2024 foreign exchange rates, of which was drawn as of September 29, 2024 and million of which was drawn as of December 31, 2023. 
 2025 Convertible Notes 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company notified holders of the million outstanding principal amount of its Convertible Notes due 2025 (2025 Convertible Notes) that they would be redeemed prior to their maturity date. The holders of any outstanding 2025 Convertible Notes had the right to convert the principal amount of such notes into shares of ATI s common stock prior to the redemption date. Any 2025 Convertible Notes not tendered for conversion prior to the redemption date were redeemed in cash at a redemption price equal to the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 As a result, million principal amount of the outstanding notes was converted at a rate of 64.7178 shares of ATI common stock per 1,000 principal amount, equivalent to a conversion price of per share or million shares of ATI common stock. Due to the early redemption of the 2025 Convertible Notes, the conversion rate was a premium to the conversion rate of 64.5745 shares of ATI common stock per 1,000 principal amount, or approximately per share, that would have been due at maturity. The remaining million of outstanding principal balance were not tendered for conversion and, as a result, the Company redeemed those for cash. 
 
 For those holders who exercised the conversion rights, the terms of the 2025 Convertible Notes provided that any accrued but unpaid interest at the date of conversion was forfeited. As a result, accrued interest from the last interest payment date of June 15, 2024 through the date of conversion, totaling million, was credited to additional paid-in capital. In addition, the remaining unamortized deferred issuance costs of million at the date of conversion were charged to additional paid-in capital. 
 
 Coincident with its redemption of the 2025 Convertible Notes, the Company also settled the capped call transactions initiated as part of the issuance of the 2025 Convertible Notes. The capped call transactions included a cap price of per share and were settled for million in cash, which is recorded as additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet and as a financing activity on the consolidated statement of cash flows. 

14 

million based on the quoted market price, which is classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The 2025 Convertible Notes had a cash coupon rate that was payable semi-annually in arrears on each June 15 and December 15. Including amortization of deferred issuance costs, the effective interest rate was for the quarters and year-to-date periods ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. Remaining deferred issuance costs were million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense 

Note 9. 
 million pounds of nickel with hedge dates through 2025. The aggregate notional amount hedged is approximately of a single year s estimated nickel raw material purchase requirements. These derivative instruments are used to hedge the variability of a selling price that is based on the London Metal Exchange (LME) index for nickel, as well as to hedge the variability of the purchase cost of nickel based on this LME index. Any gain or loss associated with these hedging arrangements is included in sales or cost of sales, depending on whether the underlying risk being hedged was the variable selling price or the variable raw material cost, respectively. 
 At September 29, 2024, the outstanding financial derivatives used to hedge the Company s exposure to energy cost volatility consisted of natural gas cost hedges. At September 29, 2024, the Company hedged approximately of its forecasted domestic requirements for natural gas for the remainder of 2024, approximately for 2025 and approximately for 2026. 
 While the majority of the Company s direct export sales are transacted in U.S. dollars, it uses foreign currency exchange contracts, from time-to-time, to limit transactional exposure to changes in currency exchange rates for those transactions denominated in a non-U.S. currency. The Company sometimes purchases foreign currency forward contracts that permit it to sell specified amounts of foreign currencies it expects to receive from its export sales for pre-established U.S. dollar amounts at specified dates. In addition, the Company may also hedge forecasted capital expenditures and designate cash balances held in foreign currencies as hedges of forecasted foreign currency transactions. At September 29, 2024, the Company had material outstanding foreign currency forward contracts. 
 The Company may enter into derivative interest rate contracts to maintain a reasonable balance between fixed- and floating-rate debt. The Company previously maintained a million floating-for-fixed interest rate swap which converted a portion of the ABL Term Loan to a fixed rate that matured during the quarter ended June 30, 2024. There are no outstanding derivative interest rate contracts at September 29, 2024. 
 There are no credit risk-related contingent features in the Company s derivative contracts, and the contracts contain no provisions under which the Company has posted, or would be required to post, collateral. The counterparties to the Company s derivative contracts are substantial and creditworthy commercial banks that are recognized market makers. The Company controls its credit exposure by diversifying across multiple counterparties and by monitoring credit ratings and credit default swap spreads of its counterparties. The Company also enters into master netting agreements with counterparties when possible. 
 15 

Foreign exchange contracts Prepaid expenses and other current assets Nickel and other raw material contracts Prepaid expenses and other current assets Natural gas contracts Prepaid expenses and other current assets Nickel and other raw material contracts Other assets Natural gas contracts Other assets Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Liability derivatives Balance sheet location Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Other current liabilities Natural gas contracts Other current liabilities Nickel and other raw material contracts Other current liabilities Natural gas contracts Other long-term liabilities Foreign exchange contracts Other long-term liabilities Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 Assuming market prices remain constant with those at September 29, 2024, a pre-tax loss of million is expected to be recognized over the next 12 months.) ) ) ) Natural gas contracts ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange contracts ) Interest rate swap Total ) ) ) ) 
 16 

) ) Natural gas contracts ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange contracts Interest rate swap Total ) ) ) ) 
 
 The disclosures of gains or losses presented above for nickel and other raw material contracts and foreign currency contracts do not take into account the anticipated underlying transactions. Since these derivative contracts represent hedges, the net effect of any gain or loss on results of operations may be fully or partially offset. 
 million and million of income, net, for settled foreign currency forward contracts that were not designated as hedges during the third quarter and year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, respectively, which offset foreign currency gains/losses in the relevant currency. We have no significant outstanding hedges that are not designated as of September 29, 2024 . 
 
 Note 10. 
 Derivative financial instruments: Assets Liabilities Debt (a) 
 
 The estimated fair value of financial instruments at December 31, 2023 was as follows: 
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using (In millions) Total Carrying Amount Total Estimated Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) Cash and cash equivalents Derivative financial instruments: Assets Liabilities Debt (a) 
 
 17 

Note 11. 
 business segments: High Performance Materials Components (HPMC) and Advanced Alloys Solutions (AA S). The measure of segment EBITDA excludes net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, goodwill impairment charges, debt extinguishment charges, corporate expenses, closed operations and other income (expense), restructuring and other credits/charges, strike related costs, long-lived asset impairments, pension remeasurement gains and losses, other postretirement/pension curtailment and settlement gains and losses, and gains or losses on sales of businesses. Management believes segment EBITDA, as defined, provides an appropriate measure of controllable operating results at the business segment level. 
 Advanced Alloys Solutions Intersegment sales: High Performance Materials Components Advanced Alloys Solutions Sales to external customers: High Performance Materials Components Advanced Alloys Solutions 
 18 

Advanced Alloys Solutions Total segment EBITDA Corporate expenses ) ) ) ) Closed operations and other income (expense) ) ) Depreciation amortization (a) ) ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Restructuring and other charges ) ) ) ) Loss on asset sales and sales of businesses, net ) Income before income taxes 
 a) The following is depreciation amortization by each business segment: 
 Quarter ended Year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 High Performance Materials Components Advanced Alloys Solutions Other 
 Beginning in 2020, the U.S. government enacted various relief packages in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including refundable employee retention tax credits. The Company applied for these employee retention tax credits and deferred recognition of a portion of the tax credits pending the completion of any potential audit or examination, or the expiration of the related statute of limitations. During the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 29, 2024, the Company recognized a benefit of million and million, respectively, in cost of sales on the consolidated statement of operations due to the expiration of the statute of limitations for a portion of these credits. For the quarter ended September 29, 2024, the Company recognized million of the benefit in the HPMC segment and million in the AA S segment. For the year-to-date periods ended September 29, 2024, the Company recognized million of the benefit in the HPMC segment and million in the AA S segment. See Note 16 for further explanation. 
 Closed operations and other income (expense) for the quarter ended September 29, 2024 includes a million gain on the sale of certain oil and gas rights, included within other income, net, on the consolidated statement of operations, and favorable foreign currency transaction impacts as compared to the prior year period. Closed operations and other income (expense) for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 also includes a million gain on the sale of assets for the Company s idled Houston, PA facility, which is included within gain on asset sales and sales of businesses, net, on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company received million of proceeds from this sale that are reported as an investing activity on the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 Restructuring and other charges of million for the quarter ended September 29, 2024 include million of start-up costs, partially offset by a million credit for adjustments to inventory reserves related to the Company s ongoing European restructuring, both of which are included within cost of sales on the consolidated statements of operations. These charges also include million of transaction costs, which are included within selling and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations, and restructuring charges of million (see Note 7). Restructuring and other charges of million for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 include million of start-up costs and million of inventory write-downs related to the Company s ongoing European restructuring, both of which are included within cost of sales on the consolidated statements of operations. These charges also include million of transaction costs, which are included within selling and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations, and restructuring credits of million primarily for revised workforce reduction estimates (see Note 7). 
 Restructuring and other charges of million for the quarter ended October 1, 2023 include million of start-up costs and million of costs associated with an unplanned outage at the Company s Lockport, NY facility, both of which are included within cost of sales on the consolidated statements of operations. These charges were partially offset by a million pre-tax 
 19 

million for the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023 include million of severance-related restructuring charges (see Note 7) as well as million of start-up costs, million of costs associated with an unplanned outage at the Company s Lockport, NY facility, and million primarily for asset write-offs for the closure of the Company s Robinson, PA operations, all of which are included within cost of sales on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Note 12. 
 Interest cost on benefits earned in prior years Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss Total retirement benefit expense (income) ) 
 For the year-to-date periods ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, the components of pension and other postretirement benefit expense for the Company s defined benefit plans included the following (in millions): 
 Pension Benefits Other Postretirement Benefits Year-to-date period ended Year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Service cost - benefits earned during the year Interest cost on benefits earned in prior years Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss Total retirement benefit expense 
 
 Note 13. 
 and , respectively, resulting in an income tax provision of million and million, respectively. Discrete tax benefits for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 were million, which includes million for share-based compensation and the recognition of a stranded deferred tax valuation allowance in accumulated other comprehensive loss that was associated with the Company s interest rate swap due to its maturity (see Note 15). For the quarter and year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023, the Company s effective tax rate was and , respectively, resulting in an income tax provision of million and million, respectively. The Company s effective tax rates for the quarter and year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023 were impacted by the net valuation allowance position in the U.S. and the Company s foreign earnings. 

20 

Note 14. 
 Effect of dilutive securities: Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 
 Numerator for diluted net income per common share Net income attributable to ATI after assumed conversions Denominator: Denominator for basic net income per common share weighted average shares Effect of dilutive securities: Share-based compensation Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 
 Denominator for diluted net income per common share adjusted weighted average shares and assumed conversions Basic net income attributable to ATI per common share Diluted net income attributable to ATI per common share 
 Common stock that would be issuable upon the assumed conversion of the 2025 Convertible Notes, prior to their redemption during the third quarter of 2024, and other option equivalents and contingently issuable shares are excluded from the computation of contingently issuable shares, and therefore, from the denominator for diluted earnings per share, if the effect of inclusion is anti-dilutive. There were anti-dilutive shares for the quarters and year-to-date periods ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. 
 Periodically, the Company s Board of Directors authorizes the repurchase of ATI common stock (the Share Repurchase Program ), the most recent of which was million that was announced in September 2024. Repurchases under these programs are made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, with the amount and timing of repurchases depending on market conditions and corporate needs. Open market repurchases are structured to occur within the pricing and volume requirements of SEC Rule 10b-18. In the quarter and year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, ATI used million and million, respectively, to repurchase million and million, respectively, of its common stock under the Share Repurchase Program. At September 29, 2024, the Company has utilized million of the million currently authorized under the Share Repurchase Program. In the quarter ended October 1, 2023, ATI used million to repurchase million shares of its common stock under the Share Repurchase Program, and in the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023, ATI used million to repurchase million shares of its common stock under the Share Repurchase Program. 

21 

Note 15.) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI (a) (b) (c) (d) Net current-period OCI Balance, September 29, 2024 ) ) ) ) Attributable to noncontrolling interests: Balance, June 30, 2024 OCI before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCI (b) Net current-period OCI Balance, September 29, 2024 
 The changes in AOCI by component, net of tax, for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 were as follows (in millions): 
 Post- retirement benefit plans Currency translation adjustment Derivatives Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance Total Attributable to ATI: Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI (a) (b) (c) (d) ) Net current-period OCI ) Balance, September 29, 2024 ) ) ) ) Attributable to noncontrolling interests: Balance, December 31, 2023 OCI before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCI (b) Net current-period OCI Balance, September 29, 2024 
 (a) Amounts were included in net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefit plans (see Note 12). 
 (b) No amounts were reclassified to earnings. 
 (c) Amounts related to derivatives are included in sales, cost of goods sold or interest expense in the period or periods the hedged item affects earnings (see Note 9). 
 (d) Represents the net change in deferred tax asset valuation allowances on changes in AOCI balances between the balance sheet dates. The income tax provision for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 includes million of a tax benefit for the recognition of a stranded deferred tax valuation allowance that was associated with the Company s interest rate swap due to its maturity (see Notes 9 and 13). 
 22 

) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI (a) (b) (c) (d) Net current-period OCI ) ) ) Balance, October 1, 2023 ) ) ) ) Attributable to noncontrolling interests: Balance, July 2, 2023 OCI before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI (b) Net current-period OCI ) ) Balance, October 1, 2023 
 The changes in AOCI by component, net of tax, for the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023 were as follows (in millions): 
 Post- retirement benefit plans Currency translation adjustment Derivatives Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance Total Attributable to ATI: Balance, January 1, 2023 ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI (a) (b) (c) (d) ) ) Net current-period OCI ) ) ) ) Balance, October 1, 2023 ) ) ) ) Attributable to noncontrolling interests: Balance, January 1, 2023 OCI before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI (b) Net current-period OCI ) ) Balance, October 1, 2023 
 (a) Amounts were included in net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefit plans (see Note 12). 
 (b) No amounts were reclassified to earnings. 
 (c) Amounts related to derivatives are included in sales, cost of goods sold or interest expense in the period or periods the hedged item affects earnings (see Note 9). 
 (d) Represents the net change in deferred tax asset valuation allowances on changes in AOCI balances between the balance sheet dates. 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) amounts (OCI) reported above by category are net of applicable income tax expense (benefit) for each period presented. Income tax expense (benefit) on OCI items is recorded as a change in a deferred tax asset or liability. Amounts recognized in OCI include the impact of any deferred tax asset valuation allowances, when applicable. Foreign currency translation adjustments, including those pertaining to noncontrolling interests, are generally not adjusted for income taxes as they relate to indefinite investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries. 
 
 23 

(a) Actuarial losses ) ) ) ) (a) ) ) ) ) (c) Total before tax ) ) ) ) Tax benefit (d) ) ) ) ) Net of tax Derivatives Nickel and other raw material contracts (b) Natural gas contracts ) ) ) ) (b) Foreign exchange contracts (b) Interest rate swap (b) ) ) ) ) (c) Total before tax ) ) ) Tax expense (benefit) (d) ) ) ) ) Net of tax 
 (a) Amounts are reported in nonoperating retirement benefit expense (see Note 12). 
 (b) Amounts related to derivatives, with the exception of the interest rate swap, are included in sales or cost of goods sold in the period or periods the hedged item affects earnings. Amounts related to the interest rate swap are included in interest expense in the same period as the interest expense on the Term Loan is recognized in earnings (see Note 9). 
 (c) For pre-tax items, positive amounts are income and negative amounts are expense in terms of the impact to net income. Tax effects are presented in conformity with ATI s presentation in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 (d) These amounts exclude the impact of any deferred tax asset valuation allowances, when applicable. 
 
 Note 16. 
 
 24 

million, of which million was included in other current liabilities. The reserve includes estimated probable future costs of million for federal Superfund and comparable state-managed sites; million for formerly owned or operated sites for which the Company has remediation or indemnification obligations; and million for owned or controlled sites at which Company operations have been or plan to be discontinued. The timing of expenditures depends on a number of factors that vary by site. The Company expects that it will expend present accruals over many years and that remediation of all sites with which it has been identified will be completed within thirty years. The Company continues to evaluate whether it may be able to recover a portion of past and future costs for environmental liabilities from third parties and to pursue such recoveries where appropriate. 
 Based on currently available information, it is reasonably possible that costs for recorded matters may exceed the Company s recorded reserves by as much as million. Future investigation or remediation activities may result in the discovery of additional hazardous materials or potentially higher levels of contamination than discovered during prior investigation, and may impact costs associated with the success or lack thereof in remedial solutions. Therefore, future developments, administrative actions or liabilities relating to environmental matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition or results of operations and cash flows. 
 A number of other lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be asserted against the Company relating to the conduct of its currently and formerly owned businesses, including those pertaining to product liability, environmental, health and safety matters and occupational disease (including as each relates to alleged asbestos exposure), as well as patent infringement, commercial, government contracting, construction, employment, employee and retiree benefits, taxes, environmental, and stockholder and corporate governance matters. While the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and some of these lawsuits, claims or proceedings may be determined adversely to the Company, management does not believe that the disposition of any such pending matters is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or liquidity, although the resolution in any reporting period of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations for that period. 
 Beginning in 2020, the U.S. government enacted various relief packages in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, one of which was the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act). The CARES Act included, among other items, provisions relating to refundable employee retention payroll tax credits. The Company applied for these employee retention tax credits and recognized a portion of the benefit from these credits as they were received in the statement of operations in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Due to the complex nature of the employee retention credit computations, the Company deferred recognition of a portion of the tax credits pending the completion of any potential audit or examination, or the expiration of the related statute of limitations. During the quarter and year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, the Company recognized a benefit of million and million, respectively, in cost of sales on the consolidated statement of operations due to the expiration of the statute of limitations for a portion of these credits. As of September 29, 2024, the Company has approximately million of remaining deferred retention tax credits, of which the statute of limitations expire for million in 2024 with the remaining expirations occurring in 2025 and 2027. There is pending legislation that could extend the statute of limitations, which would impact the timing of the expected recognition of the remaining credits if and when such legislation is passed. 
 
 25 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 ATI is a global manufacturer of technically advanced specialty materials and complex components. Our largest market is aerospace defense, representing 61 of sale s for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, led by products for jet engines and airframes. Additionally, we have a strong presence in the specialty energy, medical and electronics markets. In aggregate, these markets represented 77 of our sales for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024. ATI is a market leader in manufacturing differentiated products that require our materials science capabilities and unique process technologies, including our new product development competence. Our capabilities range from cast/wrought and powder alloy development to final production of highly engineered finished components, including those used in latest generation jet engines and 3D-printed aerospace products. 
 ATI follows a 4-4-5 or 5-4-4 fiscal calendar, whereby each fiscal quarter consists of thirteen weeks grouped into two four-week months and one five-week month, and its fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to December 31. Unless otherwise stated, references to years and quarters in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relate to fiscal years and quarters, rather than calendar years and quarters. 
 Third quarter 2024 sales increased 2.5 to 1.05 billion, compared to 1.03 billion of sales for the third quarter 2023, as increases in sales to the aerospace defense, specialty energy, medical and electronics markets were offset by continued softness in certain industrial markets, particularly conventional energy. The increase in the aerospace defense market was a result of sales increases in commercial jet engines and defense, partially offset by a decline in airframe sales. Total aerospace defense sales were 653.8 million, or 62 of total sales for the third quarter 2024, compared to 625.8 million, or 61 of total sales for the third quarter 2023. Gross profit for the third quarter of 2024 was 224.8 million, or 21.4 of sales, compared to 194.6 million, or 19.0 of sales for the third quarter 2023. Third quarter 2024 gross profit includes a benefit of 4.8 million related to the recognition of previously deferred employee retention tax credits. The Company recognized 2.9 million of the benefit in the HPMC segment and 1.9 million in the AA S segment. Third quarter 2024 gross profit also includes restructuring and other credits/charges consisting of 2.5 million of start-up costs, partially offset by a 0.4 million credit for adjustments to inventory reserves related to the Company s ongoing European restructuring. Third quarter 2023 includes restructuring and other credits/charges consisting of 2.8 million of start-up costs and 1.9 million of costs associated with an unplanned outage at our Lockport, NY melt facility. These restructuring and other credits/charges were excluded from segment EBITDA. 
 Selling and administrative expenses for the third quarter 2024 include 1.7 million of transaction costs, which are excluded from adjusted EBITDA. Restructuring charges for the third quarter of 2024 were 0.5 million representing severance for the involuntary reduction of several domestic employees, compared to a credit of 0.5 million for the third quarter of 2023, primarily for revised workforce reduction estimates. 
 Interest expense increased to 28.0 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 23.8 million in the third quarter of 2023 as a result of the issuance in August 2023 of 425 million aggregate principal amount of 7.25 Senior Notes due 2030 (2030 Notes). During the third quarter of 2024, we notified holders of the 291.4 million outstanding principal amount of our 3.5 Convertible Notes due 2025 (2025 Convertible Notes) that the 2025 Convertible Notes would be redeemed prior to their maturity date. The holders of the outstanding 2025 Convertible Notes had the right to convert the principal amount of the notes into shares of ATI s common stock prior to the redemption date. As a result, 291.0 million principal amount of the outstanding notes was converted to 18.8 million shares of ATI common stock, with the remaining 0.4 million of outstanding principal balance that was not tendered for conversion paid in cash. We also received 76.1 million in cash in settlement of the capped call transactions initiated as part of the issuance of the 2025 Convertible Notes. 
 Other nonoperating income for the third quarter 2024 includes a 3.7 million gain on the sale of certain oil and gas rights. 
 Third quarter 2024 pre-tax income was 114.9 million, compared to 99.0 million in the prior year period. Our effective tax rate was 24.6 , resulting in an income tax provision of 28.3 million for the third quarter of 2024. Our effective tax rate was 4.9 , resulting in an income tax provision of 4.9 million for the third quarter of 2023. The effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2023 was impacted by the net valuation allowance position in the U.S. and our foreign earnings. Net income attributable to ATI was 82.7 million, or 0.57 per share, in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 90.2 million, or 0.62 per share, for the third quarter of 2023. 
 26 

Adjusted EBITDA was 185.7 million, or 17.7 of sales, for the third quarter 2024, and 162.6 million, or 15.9 of sales, for the prior year third quarter. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are measures we use to analyze the performance and results of our business. Further, we believe these measures are useful to investors and industry analysts because these measures are commonly used to analyze companies on the basis of operating performance, leverage and liquidity. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP measures and are not intended to represent, and should not be considered more meaningful than, or as alternatives to, a measure of operating performance as determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). We define EBITDA as income from continuing operations before interest and income taxes, plus depreciation and amortization, goodwill impairment charges and debt extinguishment charges. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA excluding significant non-recurring charges or credits, restructuring and other charges/credits, strike related costs, long-lived asset impairments, pension remeasurement gains and losses, other postretirement/pension curtailment and settlement gains and losses, and gains or losses on sales of businesses. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not intended to be measures of free cash flow for management s discretionary use, as they do not consider certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments and capital expenditures. See the Liquidity and Financial Condition section of Management s Discussion and Analysis for a reconciliation of amounts reported under U.S. GAAP to these non-GAAP measures. 
 Sales to the HPMC and AA S segments increased 2 and 3 , respectively, in the third quarter of 2024, compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to increased demand in the aerospace defense market. Sales of aerospace defense products increased 4 and 5 for the HPMC and AA S business segments, respectively, in the third quarter 2024 c ompared to the third quarter 2023. The increase in the aerospace defense market for both segments was a result of sales increases in commercial jet engines and defense, partially offset by a decline in airframe sales. 
 Results for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 included sales of 3.19 billion and income before tax of 311.1 million, compared to sales of 3.11 billion and income before tax of 287.1 million for the comparable 2023 period. Our results for the year-to-date 2024 period reflect increased sales to the aerospace defense, medical and electronics markets, partially offset by softness in certain industrial markets, particularly the conventional energy market. Our gross profit was 649.6 million, or 20.4 of sales, for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, compared to 596.9 million, or 19.2 of sales for the comparable 2023 period. Year-to-date 2024 gross profit includes a benefit of 13.4 million related to the recognition of previously deferred employee retention tax credits. The Company recognized 6.4 million of the benefit in the HPMC segment and 7.0 million in the AA S segment. Year-to-date 2024 gross profit also includes restructuring and other credits/charges consisting of 7.2 million of start-up costs and 5.1 million of charges for inventory write-downs related to the Company s ongoing European restructuring. Year-to-date 2023 gross profit includes restructuring and other credits/charges consisting of 8.5 million of start-up costs, 2.0 million of charges primarily for asset write-offs for the closure of our Robinson, PA operations, and 1.9 million of costs associated with an unplanned outage at our Lockport, NY melt facility. These restructuring and other credits/charges were excluded from segment EBITDA. 
 Selling and administrative expenses for the year-to-date period of 2024 include 1.7 million of transaction costs, which are excluded from adjusted EBITDA. Restructuring charges were a credit of 1.2 million for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 primarily for revised workforce reduction estimates, partially offset by the charge in the third quarter 2024 discussed above for the involuntary reduction of several domestic employees. The year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023 included restructuring charges of 2.2 million primarily for involuntary reductions across ATI s domestic operations, partially offset by a credit in the third quarter 2023 discussed above for a reduction in severance-related reserves. Year-to-date 2024 results include a 2.3 million gain on the sale of assets for our idled Houston, PA facility, which is reported in gain/loss on asset sales and sales of businesses, net. 
 Interest expense increased to 83.0 million in the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 compared to 65.0 million in the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023 as a result of the issuance in August 2023 of the 2030 Notes. 
 Other nonoperating income for the 2024 year-to-date period includes a 3.7 million gain on the sale of certain oil and gas rights. 
 Our pre-tax income was 311.1 million in the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, compared to 287.1 million in the prior year period. Our effective tax rate was 22.7 , resulting in an income tax provision of 70.5 million for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024. Our effective tax rate was 4.5 , resulting in an income tax provision of 12.9 million for the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023. The effective tax rate for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 includes discrete tax benefits of 4.5 million inclusive of 3.3 million for share-based compensation as well as the impact from the recognition of a stranded deferred tax valuation allowance in accumulated other comprehensive loss due to the maturity of our interest rate swap. The effective tax rate for the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023 was impacted by the net valuation allowance position in the U.S. and our foreign earnings. Net income attributable to ATI was 230.7 million, or 1.61 per share, in the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, compared to a net income attributable to ATI of 265.1 million, or 1.82 per share, for the prior year period. 
 27 

Year-to-date 2024 period sales increased 7 in the HPMC business segment and decreased 2 in the AA S business segment compared to the year-to-date 2023 period. In aggregate, ATI s aerospace defense market sales increased 8 in the year-to-date period 2024 compared to the year-to-date 2023 period, reflecting increases in sales of commercial aerospace jet engine and airframe products as well as defense products. Sales to the aerospace defense market in the HPMC segment were 8 higher than the year-to-date period 2023, reflecting increases in sales of commercial aerospace jet engine and airframe products as well as defense products. The decline in the AA S segment reflects continued softness in certain general industrial end markets, particularly conventional energy, which were partially offset by a 7 increase in aerospace defense sales and a 42 increase in medical market sales. 
 Comparative information regarding our overall revenues (in millions) by end market and their respective percentages of total revenues for the quarters and year-to-date periods ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 is shown below. 
 
 Quarter ended Quarter ended Markets September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Aerospace Defense: Jet Engines- Commercial 365.9 35 329.4 32 Airframes- Commercial 180.8 17 203.6 20 Defense 107.1 10 92.8 9 Total Aerospace Defense 653.8 62 625.8 61 Energy: Conventional Energy 72.6 7 87.0 8 Specialty Energy 69.9 7 61.9 6 Total Energy 142.5 14 148.9 14 Automotive 63.8 6 48.1 5 Medical 53.1 5 47.5 5 Electronics 49.1 5 44.8 4 Construction/Mining 41.8 4 40.0 4 Food Equipment Appliances 12.9 1 16.2 2 Other 34.2 3 54.3 5 Total 1,051.2 100 1,025.6 100 
 
 Year-to-date period ended Year-to-date period ended Markets September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Aerospace Defense: Jet Engines- Commercial 1,029.9 32 981.2 32 Airframes- Commercial 581.7 18 537.7 17 Defense 341.8 11 289.4 9 Total Aerospace Defense 1,953.4 61 1,808.3 58 Energy: Conventional Energy 241.2 8 325.8 10 Specialty Energy 202.6 6 212.8 7 Total Energy 443.8 14 538.6 17 Automotive 190.6 6 160.3 5 Medical 173.9 6 124.4 4 Electronics 142.8 4 115.2 4 Construction/Mining 113.2 4 128.8 4 Food Equipment Appliances 41.0 1 58.6 2 Other 130.7 4 175.5 6 Total 3,189.4 100 3,109.7 100 
 For the third quarter 2024, international sales decreased to 426 million, or 40 of total sales, from 469 million, or 46 of total sales, in the third quarter 2023. ATI s international sales are mostly to the aerospace, energy, electronics, automotive and medical markets. 
 28 

Comparative information regarding our major products based on their percentages of revenues are shown below. HRPF conversion service sales in the AA S segment are excluded from this presentation. 
 Quarter ended Year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Nickel-based alloys and specialty alloys 46 47 45 50 Precision forgings, castings and components 20 18 19 17 Titanium and titanium-based alloys 17 19 18 16 Precision rolled strip products 9 9 9 9 Zirconium and related alloys 8 7 9 8 Total 100 100 100 100 
 Segment EBITDA for the third quarter 2024 was 196.8 million, or 18.7 of sales, compared to segment EBITDA of 178.7 million, or 17.4 of sales, for the third quarter of 2023. Segment EBITDA for year-to-date period of 2024 was 567.5 million, or 17.8 of sales, compared to segment EBITDA of 527.8 million, or 17.0 of sales, for the year-to-date period of 2023. Our measure of segment EBITDA, which we use to analyze the performance and results of our business segments, excludes net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, goodwill impairment charges, debt extinguishment charges, corporate expenses, closed operations and other income (expense), restructuring and other credits/charges, strike related costs, long-lived asset impairments, pension remeasurement gains and losses, other postretirement/pension curtailment and settlement gains and losses, and gains or losses on sales of businesses. Results on our management basis of reporting were as follows (in millions): 
 
 Quarter ended Year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Sales: High Performance Materials Components 552.4 539.5 1,644.3 1,537.7 Advanced Alloys Solutions 498.8 486.1 1,545.1 1,572.0 Total external sales 1,051.2 1,025.6 3,189.4 3,109.7 EBITDA: High Performance Materials Components 123.2 117.2 334.6 308.5 of Sales 22.3 21.7 20.4 20.1 Advanced Alloys Solutions 73.6 61.5 232.9 219.3 of Sales 14.8 12.7 15.1 14.0 Total segment EBITDA 196.8 178.7 567.5 527.8 of Sales 18.7 17.4 17.8 17.0 Corporate expenses (13.4) (12.5) (49.9) (47.1) Closed operations and other income (expense) 2.3 (3.6) 1.7 (6.8) ATI Adjusted EBITDA 185.7 162.6 519.3 473.9 Depreciation amortization (38.5) (35.6) (112.4) (106.6) Interest expense, net (28.0) (23.8) (83.0) (65.0) Restructuring and other charges (4.3) (4.2) (12.8) (14.6) Loss on asset sales and sales of businesses, net (0.6) Income before income taxes 114.9 99.0 311.1 287.1 Income tax provision 28.3 4.9 70.5 12.9 Net income 86.6 94.1 240.6 274.2 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 3.9 3.9 9.9 9.1 Net income attributable to ATI 82.7 90.2 230.7 265.1 
 As part of managing the performance of our business, we focus on Managed Working Capital, which we define as gross accounts receivable, short-term contract assets and gross inventories, less accounts payable and short-term contract liabilities. We exclude the effects of inventory valuation reserves and reserves for uncollectible accounts receivable when computing this non-GAAP performance measure, which is not intended to replace Working Capital or to be used as a measure of liquidity. 
 29 

We employ several strategies to actively manage our Managed Working Capital, seeking to effectively balance the need to maintain appropriate levels of Managed Working Capital to support our growth and operations, while deploying our cash efficiently. Our strategies to actively manage our Managed Working Capital include, but are not limited to, taking advantage of favorable customer and supplier payment terms, participating in customer and supplier financing programs, managing the timing of purchases of raw materials, and leveling manufacturing process throughput and shipping to limit periodic increases in Managed Working Capital. We assess Managed Working Capital performance as a percentage of the prior three months annualized sales to evaluate the asset intensity of our business. 
 At September 29, 2024, Managed Working Capital increased as a percentage of annualized sales to 40.0 compared to 31.1 at December 31, 2023. The increase in Managed Working Capital as a percentage of annualized sales was primarily due to increases in inventory and accounts receivable. Days sales outstanding, which measures actual collection timing for accounts receivable, worsened by 18 as of September 29, 2024 compared to year end 2023. Gross inventory turns, which measures how many times we turn over our inventory relative to cost of sales in a year, worsened by 19 as of September 29, 2024 compared to year end 2023. We continue efforts to focus on operational improvements to positively impact the inventory intensity of our business and alleviate the required investment of Managed Working Capital in our growing business, however, during the third quarter of 2024, short-term uncertainty within our customer base, especially for commercial airframe products, unplanned outages and delayed shipments due to Hurricane Helene resulted in an increase in inventory levels. In addition, these factors resulted in an increase in accounts receivable due to the timing of sales, which were weighted in the latter part of the quarter. 
 The computations of Managed Working Capital at September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, reconciled to the financial statement line items as computed under U.S. GAAP, were as follows. The September 29, 2024 amounts include management working capital balances that are classified as held for sale. 
 September 29, December 31, (In millions) 2024 2023 Accounts receivable 730.2 625.0 Short-term contract assets 90.5 59.1 Inventory 1,414.5 1,247.5 Accounts payable (528.5) (524.8) Short-term contract liabilities (146.5) (163.6) Subtotal 1,560.2 1,243.2 Allowance for doubtful accounts 2.6 3.2 Inventory valuation reserves 71.7 75.5 Net managed working capital held for sale 47.3 Managed working capital 1,681.8 1,321.9 Annualized prior 3 months sales 4,205.1 4,255.8 Managed working capital as a of annualized sales 40.0 31.1 
 
 Business Segment Results 
 High Performance Materials Components Segment 
 Third quarter 2024 sales were 552.4 million, an increase of 2 compared to the third quarter 2023, primarily due to a 4 increase in sales to the aerospace defense market, as well as a 29 increase in sales to the specialty energy market. The increase in aerospace defense sales was primarily due to increases in commercial jet engine sales of 9 and defense sales of 24 , partially offset by a 19 decline in commercial airframe sales. Overall aerospace defense market sales were 86 of total HPMC sales in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 30 

Comparative information for our HPMC segment revenues (in millions) by market and their respective percentages of the segment s overall revenues for the quarters ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 is as follows: 
 Quarter ended Quarter ended Markets September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Aerospace Defense: Jet Engines- Commercial 341.9 62 312.5 58 Airframes- Commercial 84.1 15 104.0 20 Defense 48.9 9 39.7 7 Total Aerospace Defense 474.9 86 456.2 85 Energy: Conventional Energy 2.4 2.5 Specialty Energy 26.3 5 20.2 4 Total Energy 28.7 5 22.7 4 Medical 28.6 5 28.9 5 Construction/Mining 4.9 1 7.7 1 Other 15.3 3 24.0 5 Total 552.4 100 539.5 100 
 International sales represented 48 of total segment sales for the third quarter 2024, compared to 55 in the prior year period. Comparative information for the HPMC segment s major product categories, based on their percentages of revenue for the quarters ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, is as follows: 
 
 Quarter ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Nickel-based alloys and specialty alloys 43 42 Precision forgings, castings and components 36 33 Titanium and titanium-based alloys 21 24 Precision rolled strip products 1 Total 100 100 
 Segment EBITDA in the third quarter 2024 was 123.2 million, or 22.3 of total sales, compared to 117.2 million, or 21.7 of total sales, for the third quarter 2023. The increase in segment EBITDA, as a percentage of sales, was primarily due to improved sales mix. The third quarter of 2024 included 2.9 million of benefits related to the recognition of previously deferred employee retention tax credits, which were mostly offset by higher maintenance and outsourcing costs. 
 Sales for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 were 1.64 billion, an increase of 7 compared to the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023 , primarily due to strong demand in aerospace defense market as well as increased medical market sales, which were up 38 compared to the 2023 comparable period. Sales to the commercial aerospace market increased 7 , as airframe sales increased 9 and commercial jet engine sales increased 6 , and sales to the defense market increased 22 . Sales to the energy markets decreased 10 , mainly due to lower specialty energy sales. 
 31 

Comparative information for our HPMC segment revenues (in millions) by market and their respective percentages of the segment s overall revenues for the year-to-date periods ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 is as follows: 
 
 Year-to-date period ended Year-to-date period ended Markets September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Aerospace Defense: Jet Engines- Commercial 970.6 59 914.2 59 Airframes- Commercial 263.5 16 242.0 16 Defense 160.9 10 131.6 9 Total Aerospace Defense 1,395.0 85 1,287.8 84 Medical 97.5 6 70.7 5 Energy: Conventional Energy 8.3 1 8.6 Specialty Energy 67.0 4 75.0 5 Total Energy 75.3 5 83.6 5 Construction/Mining 19.9 1 26.9 2 Other 56.6 3 68.7 4 Total 1,644.3 100 1,537.7 100 
 International sales represented 52 of total segment sales for the 2024 year-to-date period. Comparative information for the HPMC segment s major product categories, based on their percentages of revenue for the year-to-date periods ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 , is as follows: 
 Year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Nickel-based alloys and specialty alloys 41 45 Precision forgings, castings and components 36 33 Titanium and titanium-based alloys 23 21 Precision rolled strip products 1 Total 100 100 
 Segment EBITDA in the 2024 year-to-date period increased to 334.6 million, or 20.4 of total sales, compared to 308.5 million, or 20.1 of total sales, for the 2023 year-to-date period. Results in the 2024 year-to-date period included 6.4 million of benefits related to the recognition of previously deferred employee retention tax credits, which were partially offset by higher incentive compensation, maintenance and outsourcing costs. 
 Despite unplanned outages in third quarter 2024, the deferral of certain customer orders, and shipment delays due to Hurricane Helene, HPMC results for the first nine months of 2024 reflected year-over-year improved operating leverage as we continued to experience increasing demand from the aerospace defense market. We continue to invest to meet expected demand and capitalize on market opportunities, including the continuation of our titanium melt expansion in Richland, Washington. Furthermore, our commitment to continuous improvement is resulting in adjustments to our work-flow processes to de-bottleneck our critical operations. We believe that these investments, strong backlog and our LTAs with aerospace market OEMs for our specialty materials, including powders, parts and components, position the HPMC segment for profitable growth for the next several years. Although the aerospace market OEMs have experienced near-term challenges and delays in their estimated production ramps, we believe the backlog of commercial aircraft, increasing requirements for maintenance, repair, and operations, and the current OEM production forecasts support our long-term growth expectations in this end market. 
 32 

Advanced Alloys Solutions Segment 
 Third quarter 2024 sales were 498.8 million, an increase of 3 compared to the third quarter 2023, primarily due a 5 increase in aerospace defense products and 32 increase in medical market sales, partially offset by continued softness in certain general industrial end markets, particularly conventional energy. The increase in aerospace defense sales was primarily due to higher commercial jet engine sales of 42 and defense sales of 9 , partially offset by a 3 decline in commercial airframe sales. 
 Comparative information regarding our AA S segment revenues (in millions) by market and their respective percentages of the segment s overall revenues for the quarters ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 is shown below. 
 Quarter ended Quarter ended Markets September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Aerospace Defense: Jet Engines- Commercial 24.0 5 16.9 4 Airframes- Commercial 96.7 19 99.6 20 Defense 58.2 12 53.1 11 Total Aerospace Defense 178.9 36 169.6 35 Energy: Conventional Energy 70.2 14 84.5 17 Specialty Energy 43.6 9 41.7 9 Total Energy 113.8 23 126.2 26 Automotive 59.2 12 40.9 8 Electronics 49.1 10 44.2 9 Construction/Mining 36.9 7 32.3 7 Medical 24.5 5 18.6 4 Food Equipment Appliances 12.9 2 16.2 3 Other 23.5 5 38.1 8 Total 498.8 100 486.1 100 
 International sales represented 32 of total segment sales for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 35 in the prior year s third quarter. Comparative information regarding the AA S segment s major product categories, based on their percentages of revenue for the quarters ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, are presented in the following table. HRPF conversion service sales are excluded from this presentation. 
 Quarter ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Nickel-based alloys and specialty alloys 50 52 Precision rolled strip products 21 19 Zirconium and related alloys 17 16 Titanium and titanium-based alloys 12 13 Total 100 100 
 Segment EBITDA was 73.6 million, or 14.8 of sales, for the third quarter 2024, compared to segment EBITDA of 61.5 million, or 12.7 of sales, for the third quarter 2023. The margin increase compared to the prior year was primarily due to a favorable sales mix, as growth in exotic alloys offset weaker demand for nickel-based alloys. Results in the third quarter of 2024 included 1.9 million of benefits related to the recognition of previously deferred employee retention tax credits, which were offset by higher maintenance costs. 
 Sales for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 were 1.55 billion, a decrease of 2 compared to the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023, as continued softness in certain general industrial end markets, especially conventional energy, was partially offset by a 7 increase in sales of aerospace defense products, 23 increase in electronics sales, and 42 increase in medical market sales. 

33 

Comparative information regarding our AA S segment revenues (in millions) by market and their respective percentages of the segment s overall revenues for the year-to-date periods ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 is shown below. 
 Year-to-date period ended Year-to-date period ended Markets September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Aerospace Defense: Jet Engines- Commercial 59.3 4 67.0 4 Airframes- Commercial 318.2 20 295.7 19 Defense 180.9 12 157.8 10 Total Aerospace Defense 558.4 36 520.5 33 Energy: Conventional Energy 232.9 15 317.2 20 Specialty Energy 135.6 9 137.8 9 Total Energy 368.5 24 455.0 29 Automotive 177.2 11 140.8 9 Electronics 139.8 9 113.4 7 Construction/Mining 93.3 6 101.9 6 Medical 76.4 5 53.7 4 Food Equipment Appliances 41.0 3 58.6 4 Other 90.5 6 128.1 8 Total 1,545.1 100 1,572.0 100 
 International sales represented 33 of total segment sales for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024. Comparative information regarding the AA S segment s major product categories, based on their percentages of revenue for the year-to-date periods ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, are presented in the following table. HRPF conversion service sales are excluded from this presentation. 
 Year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Nickel-based alloys and specialty alloys 50 56 Precision rolled strip products 19 18 Zirconium and related alloys 18 15 Titanium and titanium-based alloys 13 11 Total 100 100 
 Segment EBITDA was 232.9 million, or 15.1 of sales, for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, compared to segment EBITDA of 219.3 million, or 14.0 of sales, for the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023. The margin increase compared to the prior year was primarily due to a favorable sales mix, as growth in titanium mill products and exotic alloys offset weaker demand for nickel-based alloys. Results for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 included 7.0 million of benefits related to the recognition of previously deferred employee retention tax credits, which were partially offset by higher incentive compensation and maintenance costs. 
 While unplanned outages and the deferral of certain customer orders impacted third quarter 2024, we continue to expect margin expansion within this segment through 2024 with improved sales mix and improving operating performance. We have increased capacity at our titanium melt shop in Albany, Oregon in the first nine months of fiscal year 2024, and expect to reach full production capacity at that facility in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024. While availability of raw materials for our melting processes remains adequate, changes in raw material prices may cause variability in profit margins based on the timing of index pricing mechanisms. 
 34 

Corporate Items 
 Corporate expenses for the third quarter of 2024 were 13.4 million, compared to 12.5 million for the third quarter 2023. For the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, corporate expenses were 49.9 million, compared to 47.1 million for the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023. The current year increases reflect higher incentive compensation costs compared to the prior year periods. 
 Closed operations and other income/expense for the third quarter 2024 was income of 2.3 million, compared to expense of 3.6 million for the third quarter 2023. For the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, closed operations and other income/expense was income of 1.7 million, compared to expense of 6.8 million for the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023. Closed operations and other income /expense for the quarter ended September 29, 2024 includes a 3.7 million gain on the sale of certain oil and gas rights, included within other income, net, on the consolidated statement of operations, and favorable foreign currency transaction impacts as compared to the prior year period. Closed operations and other income /expense for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 also includes a 2.3 million gain on the sale of assets for our idled Houston, PA facility included within gain on asset sales and sales of businesses, net, on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company received 3.5 million of proceeds from this sale, which was reported as an investing activity on the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 The following table shows depreciation amortization for the relevant periods by each business segment. 
 
 Quarter ended Year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 High Performance Materials Components 18.6 16.5 52.8 51.8 Advanced Alloys Solutions 18.2 17.3 54.5 49.6 Other 1.7 1.8 5.1 5.2 38.5 35.6 112.4 106.6 
 Interest expense, net of interest income, in the third quarter 2024 increased to 28.0 million, compared to 23.8 million for the third quarter 2023. Interest expense, net of interest income, for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 was 83.0 million, compared to 65.0 million for the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023. These increases reflect the issuance of the 2030 Notes during the third quarter 2023. Capitalized interest reduced interest expense by 2.9 million in the third quarter 2024 and 3.3 million in the third quarter 2023. For the year-to-date periods ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, capitalized interest was 8.8 million and 10.0 million, respectively. 
 Restructuring and other charges of 4.3 million for the third quarter of 2024 include 2.5 million of start-up costs, partially offset by a 0.4 million credit for adjustments to inventory reserves related to our ongoing European restructuring, both of which are included within cost of sales on the consolidated statements of operations. These charges also include 1.7 million of transaction costs, which are included within selling and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations, and restructuring charges of 0.5 million. Restructuring and other charges of 12.8 million for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 include 7.2 million of start-up costs and 5.1 million of inventory write-downs related to our ongoing European restructuring, both of which are included within cost of sales on the consolidated statements of operations. These charges also include 1.7 million of transaction costs, which are included within selling and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations, and restructuring credits of 1.2 million primarily for revised workforce reduction estimates. 
 Restructuring and other charges of 4.2 million for the third quarter of 2023 include 2.8 million of start-up costs and 1.9 million of costs associated with an unplanned outage at our Lockport, NY facility, both of which are included within cost of sales on the consolidated statements of operations. These charges were partially offset by a 0.5 million pre-tax credit for restructuring charges, primarily related to revised workforce reduction estimates. Restructuring and other charges of 14.6 million for the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023 include 2.2 million of severance-related restructuring charges as well as 8.5 million of start-up costs, 1.9 million of costs associated with an unplanned outage at our Lockport, NY facility, and 2.0 million primarily for asset write-offs for the closure of our Robinson, PA operations, all of which are included within cost of sales on the consolidated statements of operations. These restructuring and other charges were excluded from segment and adjusted EBITDA. Cash payments associated with prior restructuring programs were 5.2 million in the year-to-date 
 35 

period ended September 29, 2024. Of the 8.8 million of remaining reserves associated with these restructuring actions as of September 29, 2024, all are expected to be paid within the next year. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 For the quarter and year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, our effective tax rate was 24.6 and 22.7 , respectively, resulting in an income tax provision of 28.3 million and 70.5 million, respectively. Discrete tax benefits for the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 were 4.5 million, which includes 3.3 million for share-based compensation and the recognition of a stranded deferred tax valuation allowance in accumulated other comprehensive loss that was associated with our interest rate swap due to its maturity. The effective tax rates for the quarter and year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023 were impacted by the net valuation allowance position in the U.S. and our foreign earnings. 
 
 Liquidity and Financial Condition 
 We have an Asset Based Lending (ABL) Credit Facility, which is collateralized by the accounts receivable and inventory of our operations. The ABL facility also provides us with the option of including certain machinery and equipment as additional collateral for purposes of determining availability under the facility. The ABL facility, which matures in September 2027, includes a 600 million revolving credit facility, a letter of credit sub-facility of up to 200 million, a 200 million term loan (Term Loan), and a swing loan facility of up to 60 million. The Term Loan has an interest rate of 2.0 above adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) and can be prepaid in increments of 25 million if certain minimum liquidity conditions are satisfied. In addition, we have the right to request an increase of up to 300 million in the maximum amount available under the revolving credit facility for the duration of the ABL. 
 The applicable interest rate for revolving credit borrowings under the ABL facility includes interest rate spreads based on available borrowing capacity that range between 1.25 and 1.75 for SOFR-based borrowings and between 0.25 and 0.75 for base rate borrowings. The ABL facility contains a financial covenant whereby we must maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.00:1.00 after an event of default has occurred and is continuing or if the undrawn availability under the ABL revolving credit portion of the facility is less than the greater of (i) 10 of the then applicable maximum loan amount under the revolving credit portion of the ABL and the outstanding Term Loan balance, or (ii) 60.0 million. We were in compliance with the fixed charge coverage ratio as of September 29, 2024. Additionally, we must demonstrate minimum liquidity specified by the facility during the 90-day period immediately preceding the stated maturity date of our 6.95 Debentures due 2025 issued by our wholly owned subsidiary, Allegheny Ludlum LLC. The ABL also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of this type, including limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness or liens or to enter into investments, mergers and acquisitions, dispositions of assets and transactions with affiliates, some of which are more restrictive, at any time during the term of the ABL when our fixed charge coverage ratio is less than 1.00:1.00 and our undrawn availability under the revolving portion of the ABL is less than the greater of (a) 120 million or (b) 20 of the sum of the maximum loan amount under the revolving credit portion of the ABL and the outstanding Term Loan balance. 
 As of September 29, 2024, there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving portion of the ABL facility, and 31.7 million was utilized to support the issuance of letters of credit. At September 29, 2024, we had 407 million of cash and cash equivalents, and available additional liquidity under the ABL facility of approximately 551 million. We have no significant debt maturities until the fourth quarter 2025. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we notified holders of the 291.4 million outstanding principal amount of our 2025 Convertible Notes that they would be redeemed prior to their maturity date. The holders of any outstanding 2025 Convertible Notes had the right to convert the principal amount of such notes into shares of ATI s common stock prior to the maturity date. Any 2025 Convertible Notes not tendered for conversion prior to the maturity date were redeemed in cash at a redemption price equal to the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. As a result, 291.0 million principal amount of the outstanding notes was converted to 18.8 million shares of ATI common stock, with the remaining 0.4 million of outstanding principal balance that was not tendered for conversion paid in cash. We also settled the capped call transactions initiated as part of the issuance of the 2025 Convertible Notes for 76.1 million in cash, which is recorded as additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet and as a financing activity on the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 In August 2023, we issued 425 million aggregate principal amount of 7.25 Senior Notes due 2030. Underwriting fees and other third-party expenses for the issuance of the 2030 Notes were 6.2 million, and are being amortized to interest expense over the 7-year term of the 2030 Notes. Net proceeds were 418.8 million from this issuance, of which 222 million was used to fund ATI s U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan in order to facilitate a pension derisking strategy (see below for further explanation), and the remaining proceeds were used for liquidity and general corporate purposes. 
 36 

In the first quarter 2023, we made 50 million in voluntary cash contributions to our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans to improve the plans funded position, and in the third quarter of 2023, we made an additional 222 million in voluntary cash contributions to our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans in order to fully fund remaining pension liabilities ahead of an annuity transaction that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2023 whereby we purchased group annuity contracts from an insurer covering approximately 85 of our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan obligations and transferred the pension obligations and associated assets for approximately 8,200 plan participants to the selected insurance company. 
 Periodically, our Board of Directors authorizes the repurchase of ATI common stock (the Share Repurchase Program ), the most recent of which was 700 million that was announced in September 2024. Repurchases under these programs are made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, with the amount and timing of repurchases depending on market conditions and corporate needs. Open market repurchases are structured to occur within the pricing and volume requirements of SEC Rule 10b-18. In the quarter and year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, ATI used 40.0 million and 190.0 million, respectively, to repurchase 0.7 million and 4.1 million, respectively, of its common stock under the Share Repurchase Program. At September 29, 2024, ATI has utilized 40 million of the 700 million currently authorized under the Share Repurchase Program. In the quarter ended October 1, 2023, ATI used 45.0 million to repurchase 1.0 million shares of its common stock under the Share Repurchase Program, and in the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023, ATI used 55.1 million to repurchase 1.2 million shares of its common stock under the Share Repurchase Program. The current Stock Repurchase Program has no time limit, does not obligate the Company to repurchase any specific number of shares, and may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time by the Board of Directors without prior notice. 
 We believe that internally generated funds, current cash on hand and available borrowings under the ABL facility will be adequate to meet our liquidity needs. Based on current actuarial assumptions, we are not required to make any contributions to our pension plan during year 2024. Also, we do not expect to pay any significant U.S. federal or state income taxes in year 2024 due to net operating loss and tax attribute carryovers. If we needed to obtain additional financing using the credit markets, the cost and the terms and conditions of such borrowings may be influenced by our credit rating. In addition, we regularly review our capital structure, various financing alternatives and conditions in the debt and equity markets in order to opportunistically enhance our capital structure. In connection therewith, we may seek to refinance or retire existing indebtedness, incur new or additional indebtedness or issue equity or equity-linked securities, in each case, depending on market and other conditions. We have no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of SEC Regulation S-K. 
 In managing our overall capital structure, we focus on the ratio of net debt to Adjusted EBITDA, which we use as a measure of our ability to repay our incurred debt. We define net debt as the total principal balance of our outstanding indebtedness excluding deferred financing costs, net of cash, at the balance sheet date. See the explanations above for our definitions of Adjusted EBITDA and EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures and are not intended to represent, and should not be considered more meaningful than, or as alternatives to, a measure of operating performance as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our ratio of net debt to Adjusted EBITDA (Adjusted EBITDA Leverage Ratio) measures net debt at the balance sheet date to Adjusted EBITDA as calculated on the trailing twelve-month period from this balance sheet date. 
 
 37 

Our Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Leverage and Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Leverage ratios improved in the third quarter of 2024 compared to year end 2023, resulting from higher earnings and lower debt as a result of the redemption of the 2025 Convertible Notes. The reconciliations of our Adjusted EBITDA Leverage Ratios to the balance sheet and income statement amounts as reported under U.S. GAAP are as follows: 
 Quarter ended Trailing 12-month period ended Year ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 Net income attributable to ATI 82.7 90.2 376.4 410.8 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 3.9 3.9 13.4 12.6 Net income 86.6 94.1 389.8 423.4 Interest expense 28.0 23.8 110.8 92.8 Depreciation and amortization 38.5 35.6 151.9 146.1 Income tax provision (benefit) 28.3 4.9 (70.6) (128.2) Pension remeasurement loss 26.8 26.8 Pension settlement loss 41.7 41.7 Restructuring and other charges 4.3 4.2 29.6 31.4 Loss on asset sales and sale of businesses, net 0.6 Adjusted EBITDA 185.7 162.6 680.0 634.6 Debt 1,883.4 2,179.6 Add: Debt issuance costs 14.8 19.6 Total debt 1,898.2 2,199.2 Less: Cash (406.6) (743.9) Net debt 1,491.6 1,455.3 Total Debt to Adjusted EBITDA 2.79 3.47 Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA 2.19 2.29 
 
 Cash Flow 
 Cash provided by operations was 26.3 million in the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, compared to cash used in operations of 331.3 million in the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023, which included 272 million in contributions to the U.S. defined benefit pension plans. Both periods reflect higher accounts receivable and higher inventory balances due to increased operating levels, but these conditions impacted 2024 to a much lesser extent than 2023. Working capital balances, and consequently cash from operations, can fluctuate throughout any operating period based upon the timing of receipts from customers and payments to vendors. However, we actively manage our working capital to allow for the required flexibility to meet our strategic objectives. Other significant year-to-date 2024 operating cash flow items included payment of 2023 annual incentive compensation. Other significant year-to-date 2023 operating cash flow items included payment of 2022 annual incentive compensation. 
 Cash used in investing activities was 178.2 million in the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024. Capital expenditures of 191.8 million primarily related to various growth projects to support the aerospace defense and aero-like markets and included customer funded amounts of approximately 11.0 million. Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment in the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024 of 10.6 million largely relate to 3.7 million of proceeds on the sale of certain oil and gas rights and 3.5 million of proceeds received for the sale of assets for our idled Houston, PA facility. For the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023, cash used in investing activities was 143.2 million, reflecting 147.3 million in capital expenditures. We expect to fund our capital expenditures with cash on hand and cash flow generated from our operations and, if needed, by using a portion of the ABL facility. 
 Cash used in financing activities was 166.2 million in the year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, which included 190.0 million to repurchase 4.1 million shares of ATI stock under our Share Repurchase Program authorized by our Board of Directors offset by 76.1 million in cash received for the settlement of the capped call as a result of the redemption of the 2025 Convertible Notes. For the year-to-date period ended October 1, 2023, cash provided by financing activities was 323.4 million, and included 418.8 million of net proceeds from the issuance of the 2030 Notes during the third quarter of 2023 and 55.1 million of payments for the repurchase of 1.2 million shares of ATI stock under our repurchase programs authorized by our Board of Directors. 
 38 

At September 29, 2024, cash and cash equivalents on hand totaled 406.6 million, a decrease of 337.3 million from year end 2023. Cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries, excluding the 19.2 million of cash held for sale, was 178.3 million at September 29, 2024, of which 102.3 million was held by the STAL joint venture. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Asset Impairment 
 We monitor the recoverability of the carrying value of our long-lived assets. An impairment charge is recognized when the expected net undiscounted future cash flows from an asset s use (including any proceeds from disposition) are less than the asset s carrying value, and the asset s carrying value exceeds its fair value. Changes in the expected use of a long-lived asset group, and the financial performance of the long-lived asset group and its operating segment, are evaluated as indicators of possible impairment. Future cash flow value may include appraisals for property, plant and equipment, land and improvements, future cash flow estimates from operating the long-lived assets, and other operating considerations. In the fourth quarter of each year in conjunction with the annual business planning cycle, or more frequently if new material information is available, we evaluate the recoverability of idled facilities. 
 Goodwill is reviewed annually in the fourth quarter of each year for impairment or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Other events and changes in circumstances may also require goodwill to be tested for impairment between annual measurement dates. At September 29, 2024, we had 227.2 million of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet. All goodwill relates to reporting units in the HPMC segment. 
 Management concluded that none of ATI s reporting units or long-lived assets experienced any triggering event that would have required an interim impairment analysis at September 29, 2024. 
 Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes includes deferred taxes resulting from temporary differences in income for financial and tax purposes using the liability method. Such temporary differences result primarily from differences in the carrying value of assets and liabilities. Future realization of deferred income tax assets requires sufficient taxable income within the carryback and/or carryforward period available under tax law. On a quarterly basis, we evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets. 
 The evaluation includes the consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, regarding historical operating results including recent years with reported losses, the estimated timing of future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, estimated future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, and potential tax planning strategies which may be employed to prevent an operating loss or tax credit carryforward from expiring unused. In situations where a three-year cumulative loss condition exists, accounting standards limit the ability to consider projections of future results as positive evidence to assess the realizability of deferred tax assets. Valuation allowances are established when it is estimated that it is more likely than not that the tax benefit of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 
 Retirement Benefits 
 In accordance with accounting standards, we determine the discount rate used to value pension plan liabilities as of the last day of each year. The discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled. In estimating this rate, we receive input from our actuaries regarding the rate of return on high quality, fixed income investments with maturities matched to the expected future retirement benefit payments. The effect on pension liabilities for changes to the discount rate, the difference between expected and actual plan asset returns, and the net effect of other changes in actuarial assumptions and experience are immediately recognized in earnings through net periodic pension benefit cost within nonoperating retirement benefit expense on the consolidated statements of operations when pension plans are remeasured annually in the fourth quarter or on an interim basis as triggering events require remeasurement. This immediate recognition is in accordance with the accounting standards. 
 For ERISA (Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) funding purposes, discount rates used to measure pension liabilities for U.S. qualified defined benefit plans are calculated on a different basis using an IRS-determined segmented yield curve, which currently results in a higher discount rate than the discount rate methodology required by accounting standards. Funding requirements are also affected by IRS-determined mortality assumptions, which may differ from those used under accounting standards. 
 39 

Other Critical Accounting Policies 
 A summary of other significant accounting policies is discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. Significant areas of uncertainty that require judgments, estimates and assumptions include the accounting for derivatives, retirement plans, income taxes, environmental and other contingencies, as well as asset impairment, inventory valuation and collectability of accounts receivable. We use historical and other information that we consider to be relevant to make these judgments and estimates. However, actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions that are used to prepare our financial statements. 
 Pending Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information on new and pending accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Forward-Looking and Other Statements 
 From time to time, we have made and may continue to make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain statements in this report relate to future events and expectations and, as such, constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include those containing such words as anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, would, should, will, will likely result, forecast, outlook, projects, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and include known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which we are unable to predict or control, that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include: (a) material adverse changes in economic or industry conditions generally, including global supply and demand conditions and prices for our specialty materials and changes in international trade duties and other aspects of international trade policy; (b) material adverse changes in the markets we serve; (c) our inability to achieve the level of cost savings, productivity improvements, synergies, growth or other benefits anticipated by management, from strategic investments and the integration of acquired businesses; (d) volatility in the price and availability of the raw materials that are critical to the manufacture of our products; (e) declines in the value of our defined benefit pension plan assets or unfavorable changes in laws or regulations that govern pension plan funding; (f) labor disputes or work stoppages; (g) equipment outages; (h) the risks of business and economic disruption associated with extraordinary events beyond our control, such as war, terrorism, international conflicts, public health issues, such as epidemics or pandemics, natural disasters and climate-related events that may arise in the future; and (i) other risk factors summarized in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and in other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no duty to update our forward-looking statements. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 As part of our risk management strategy, we utilize derivative financial instruments, from time to time, to hedge our exposure to changes in energy and raw material prices, foreign currencies, and interest rates. We monitor the third-party financial institutions which are our counterparties to these financial instruments on a daily basis and diversify our transactions among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. Fair values for derivatives were measured using exchange-traded prices for the hedged items including consideration of counterparty risk and the Company s credit risk. Our exposure to volatility in interest rates is presently not material, as nearly all of our debt is at fixed interest rates. 
 Volatility of Interest Rates. We may enter into derivative interest rate contracts to maintain a reasonable balance between fixed- and floating-rate debt. The Company previously maintained a 50 million floating-for-fixed interest rate swap which converted a portion of the Term Loan to a 4.21 fixed rate, that matured during the quarter ended June 30, 2024. Any gain or loss associated with this hedging arrangement was included in interest expense. There are no outstanding derivative interest rate contracts at September 29, 2024. 
 Volatility of Energy Prices. Energy resource markets are subject to conditions that create uncertainty in the prices and availability of energy resources. The prices for and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil and other energy resources are subject to volatile market conditions. These market conditions often are affected by political and economic factors beyond our 
 40 

control. Increases in energy costs, or changes in costs relative to energy costs paid by competitors, have and may continue to adversely affect our profitability. To the extent that these uncertainties cause suppliers and customers to be more cost sensitive, increased energy prices may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We use approximately 6 to 8 million MMBtu s of natural gas annually, depending upon business conditions, in the manufacture of our products. These purchases of natural gas expose us to the risk of higher gas prices. For example, a hypothetical 1.00 per MMBtu increase in the price of natural gas would result in increased annual energy costs of approximately 6 to 8 million. We use several approaches to minimize any material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition from volatile energy prices. These approaches include incorporating an energy surcharge on many of our products and using financial derivatives to reduce exposure to energy price volatility. 
 At September 29, 2024, the outstanding financial derivatives used to hedge our exposure to energy cost volatility consisted of natural gas hedges. Approximately 85 of our forecasted domestic requirements for natural gas for the remainder of 2024, approximately 55 for 2025, and approximately 10 for 2026. At September 29, 2024, the net mark-to-market valuation of these outstanding natural gas hedges was an unrealized pre-tax loss of 2.8 million, comprised of 0.1 million in prepaid expenses and other current assets, 0.1 million in other long-term assets, 2.7 million in other current liabilities and 0.3 million in other long-term liabilities on the balance sheet. For the quarter ended September 29, 2024, natural gas hedging activity increased cost of sales by 1.8 million. 
 Volatility of Raw Material Prices. We use raw material surcharge and index mechanisms to offset the impact of increased raw material costs; however, competitive factors in the marketplace can limit our ability to institute such mechanisms, and there can be a delay between the increase in the price of raw materials and the realization of the benefit of such mechanisms. For example, in 2023, we used approximately 70 million pounds of nickel; therefore, a hypothetical change of 1.00 per pound in nickel prices would result in increased costs of approximately 70 million. While we enter into raw materials futures contracts from time-to-time to hedge exposure to price fluctuations, such as for nickel, we cannot be certain that our hedge position adequately reduces exposure. We believe that we have adequate controls to monitor these contracts, but we may not be able to accurately assess exposure to price volatility in the markets for critical raw materials. 
 The majority of our products are sold utilizing raw material surcharges and index mechanisms. However, as of September 29, 2024, we had entered into financial hedging arrangements, primarily at the request of our customers related to firm orders, for an aggregate notional amount of approximately 4 million pounds of nickel with hedge dates through 2025. The aggregate notional amount hedged is approximately 6 of a single year s estimated nickel raw material purchase requirements. These derivative instruments are used to hedge the variability of a selling price that is based on the London Metal Exchange (LME) index for nickel, as well as to hedge the variability of the purchase cost of nickel based on this LME index. Any gain or loss associated with these hedging arrangements is included in sales or cost of sales, depending on whether the underlying risk being hedged was the variable selling price or the variable raw material cost, respectively. At September 29, 2024, the net mark-to-market valuation of our outstanding raw material hedges was an unrealized pre-tax loss of 2.2 million, comprised of 0.6 million in prepaid expenses and other current assets, 0.2 million in other long-term assets, and 3.0 million in other current liabilities on the balance sheet. 
 Foreign Currency Risk. Foreign currency exchange contracts are used, from time-to-time, to limit transactional exposure to changes in currency exchange rates. We sometimes purchase foreign currency forward contracts that permit us to sell specified amounts of foreign currencies we expect to receive from our export sales for pre-established U.S. dollar amounts at specified dates. In addition, we may also hedge forecasted capital expenditures and designate cash balances held in foreign currencies as hedges of forecasted foreign currency transactions. At September 29, 2024, we had no material outstanding foreign currency forward contracts. 
 We may also use derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges to protect our results from certain fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, as well as to offset a portion of the foreign currency gains and losses generated by the remeasurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. Changes in the fair value of these foreign exchange contract derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are recorded in cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations, and we recognized 1.0 million and 0.5 million of income, net, for settled foreign currency forward contracts that were not designated as hedges during the third quarter and year-to-date period ended September 29, 2024, respectively, which offset foreign currency gains/losses in the relevant currency. We have no significant outstanding hedges that are not designated as of September 29, 2024. 
 41 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September 29, 2024, and they concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 
 (b) Changes in Internal Controls 
 There was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September 29, 2024 conducted by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, that occurred during the quarter ended September 29, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 A number of lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be asserted against the Company relating to the conduct of its currently or formerly owned businesses, including those pertaining to product liability, environmental, health and safety matters and occupational disease (including as each relates to alleged asbestos exposure), as well as patent infringement, commercial, government contracting, construction, employment, employee and retiree benefits, taxes, environmental, and stockholder and corporate governance matters. Certain of such lawsuits, claims and proceedings are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and addressed in Note 16 to the unaudited interim financial statements included herein. While the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and some of these lawsuits, claims or proceedings may be determined adversely to the Company, management does not believe that the disposition of any such pending matters is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or liquidity, although the resolution in any reporting period of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations for that period. 
 In August 2024, the Company received notice that it and certain of its affiliates are parties to two lawsuits captioned (1) William L. Schoen, Mary J. Nesbit, Robin L. Rosewicz, George E. Poole and James E. Swartz, Jr., individually and as representatives of a class of participants and beneficiaries of the Allegheny Technologies Incorporated Pension Plan v. ATI Inc., The Allegheny Technologies Incorporated Pension Plan Administrative Committee, State Street Global Advisors Trust Co., and John Does 1-5 (Case No. 2:24-cv-01109) and (2) J ohn Souza and Karen Souza, individually and as representatives on behalf of a class of similarly situated persons v. ATI Inc. and State Street Global Advisors Trust Co. (Case No. 2:24-cv-01214) , both of which are filed in federal district court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. These lawsuits assert various claims associated with the Company s October 2023 purchase of group annuity contracts to transfer a portion of its U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan obligations to Athene Annuity and Life Company and Athene Annuity Life Assurance of New York. The Company disputes and intends to vigorously defend against these claims, but given the preliminary nature of these matters, cannot predict their outcome or estimate any range of reasonably possible loss at this time. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The following is an update to, and should be read in conjunction with Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 
 Labor Matters. We have approximately 7,800 active employees, of which approximately 10 are located outside the United States. Approximately 35 of our workforce is covered by various CBAs, predominantly with the USW. At various times, our CBAs expire and are subject to renegotiation. Generally, collective bargaining agreements that expire may be terminated after 
 42 

notice by the union. After termination, the union may authorize a strike. A labor dispute, which could lead to a strike, lockout, or other work stoppage by the employees covered by one or more of the collective bargaining agreements, could have a material adverse effect on production at one or more of our facilities and, depending upon the length of such dispute or work stoppage, on our operating results. For example, in fiscal year 2021, the USW engaged in a 3 month strike primarily affecting our AA S segment operations, and we incurred approximately 63 million in strike-related costs and had lower revenues during this period while we continued to operate affected facilities with replacement workers. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in concluding collective bargaining agreements to replace those that expire. Our current CBAs with USW-represented active full-time employees at our Specialty Rolled Products business and certain employees at one facility included in our Specialty Alloys Components business expire in February 2025. 
 Risks Associated with Current or Future Litigation and Claims. A number of lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be asserted against us relating to the conduct of our currently and formerly owned businesses, including those pertaining to product liability, patent infringement, commercial disputes, government contracting, employment matters, employee and retiree benefits, taxes, environmental matters, health and safety and occupational disease, and stockholder and corporate governance matters. Due to the uncertainties of litigation, we can give no assurance that we will prevail on all claims made against us in the lawsuits that we currently face or that additional claims will not be made against us in the future. While the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and some of these lawsuits, claims or proceedings may be determined adversely to us, we do not believe that the disposition of any such pending matters is likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or liquidity, although the resolution in any reporting period of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for that period. Also, we can give no assurance that any other claims brought in the future will not have a material effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. 
 In August 2024, the Company received notice that it and certain of its affiliates are parties to two lawsuits, filed in federal district court for the Western District of Pennsylvania, that assert various claims associated with the Company s October 2023 purchase of group annuity contracts to transfer a portion of its U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan obligations to Athene Annuity and Life Company and Athene Annuity Life Assurance of New York. We intend to vigorously defend against these claims, but given the preliminary nature of these matters, cannot predict their outcome or estimate any range of reasonably possible loss at this time. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Set forth below is information regarding the Company s stock repurchases during the period covered by this report, comprised of shares repurchased by ATI under the 700 million Share Repurchase Program authorized by the Company s Board of Directors in September 2024 and shares repurchased by ATI from employees to satisfy employee-owed taxes on share-based compensation. The Company's current Stock Repurchase Program has no time limit, does not obligate the Company to repurchase any specific number of shares, and may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time by the Board of Directors without prior notice. Period 
 Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (a) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) (b) (c) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1, 2024 - August 4, 2024 2,594 55.20 August 5, 2024 - September 1, 2024 3,273 58.99 September 2, 2024 - September 29, 2024 673,927 59.37 673,927 660,000,006 Total 679,794 59.35 673,927 660,000,006 
 (a) Includes shares repurchased by ATI from employees to satisfy employee-owed taxes on share based compensation. 
 (b) Share repurchases are inclusive of amounts for any relevant commissions. 
 (c) Excludes excise taxes incurred on share repurchases 
 
 43 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Plan Elections 
 
 During the quarter ended September 29, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers, as defined in Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 (a) Exhibits 
 10.1 Amended Executive Severance Plan (filed herewith) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 13a 14(a) or 15d 14(a) (filed herewith). 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 13a 14(a) or 15d 14(a) (filed herewith). 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (furnished herewith). 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an Exhibit to this Report. 
 44 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 ATI INC. 
 (Registrant) 
 
 Date: October 29, 2024 By /s/ Donald P. Newman Donald P. Newman Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: October 29, 2024 By /s/ Michael B. Miller Michael B. Miller Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 45 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 fy2024q3exhibit101.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 

ATI INC. 
 AMENDED EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE BENEFIT PLAN 

Adopted September 19, 2024 

ARTICLE I 
 NAME, PURPOSE AND EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN 

1.1 Name of the Plan . ATI Inc. (together with its Subsidiaries, as defined in this Plan, the Company hereby establishes a severance benefit plan for Eligible Employees (as defined in this Plan), to be known as the ATI Inc. Executive Severance Benefit Plan (the Plan as set forth in this document. The Plan is intended to qualify as an employee welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ). 
 
 1.2 Purpose of the Plan . The purpose of the Plan is to provide Plan Participants (as defined in this Plan) a severance benefit in the event of certain Company-initiated Separations from Service without Cause (as defined in this Plan). The Plan is not intended as a replacement or substitution for any confidentiality or noncompete agreement between any person and the Company executed prior or subsequent to the effective date of the Plan. 
 
 1.3 Effective Date . The Plan is effective as of February 21, 2024. 

ARTICLE II 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 2.1 Definitions . When the following words and phrases appear in this Plan, they shall have the respective meanings set forth below unless the context clearly indicates otherwise 
 
 (a) APP The Annual Performance Program or any successor plan. 
 
 (b) Base Salary The base salary of an Eligible Employee at his or her current stated annual rate on the date of such Eligible Employee s Separation from Service. For the sake of clarity, Base Salary does not include overtime pay, cash or equity bonus or any other short or long-term incentive-based compensation or any other remuneration for any Eligible Employee. 
 
 (c) Board The Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 (d) Cause Any termination of employment which is classified by the Company, in its sole discretion as a termination for cause, which may include, but shall not be limited to (i) a Performance Termination (ii) neglect of duty or misconduct of the Eligible Employee in discharging any of their duties and responsibilities (iii) unexcused, or statutorily unprotected absenteeism or inattention to duties (iv) failure or refusal to comply with the provisions of the Company s Corporate Guidelines for Business Conduct and Ethics or any other Company rule or policy or (v) misconduct, including but not limited to, engaging in conduct that is in any way disloyal to the Company, fraudulent, dishonest, unethical or illegal, or which the Committee otherwise determines to be detrimental to the Company. 

(e) COBRA Medical continuation coverage elected under the provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985. 
 
 (f) Code The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and as construed and interpreted by valid regulations or rulings issued thereunder. 
 
 (g) Committee The Compensation and Leadership Development Committee of the Board, or any successor committee thereof. 
 
 (h) Comparable Position A position offered to an Eligible Employee, including but not limited to any position offered to an Eligible Employee by any successor entity in connection with any merger, reorganization, sale, spin-off or other disposition of the Company or any portion of the Company, will be considered a Comparable Position under this Plan unless the Committee determines in its sole discretion that (i) there is a material diminution in the Eligible Employee s compensation, comparing the Total Target Annual Compensation offered to the Eligible Employee s Total Target Annual Compensation as in effect on the date of such offer, (ii) the geographic location at which the Eligible Employee must perform the services contemplated for the position offered is 50 miles or further away from the Eligible Employee s work location in effect on the date of such offer, or (iii) the position offered to the Eligible Employee is a material diminution of the Eligible Employee s title, authority, duties or responsibilities. The determination whether a position offered will be considered a Comparable Position under this Plan shall be in the Committee s sole discretion. Any such determination by the Committee regarding whether an Eligible Employee is offered a Comparable Position shall be final and conclusive as to all Eligible Employees and other persons claiming rights under the Plan, subject to the Claim Procedure described in Article V of this Plan. 
 
 (i) Effective Date February 21, 2024. 
 
 (j) Eligible Employee The Company s CEO and other executive officers on the regular payroll of the Company. For purposes of this subsection, on the regular payroll shall mean paid through a payroll department of the Company and shall exclude employees classified by the Company as intermittent or temporary and persons classified by the Company as independent contractors, regardless of how such employees or persons may be classified by any government agency, instrumentality or court, whether federal, state or local, domestic or foreign. 
 
 (k) Participant An Eligible Employee who has met the eligibility requirements to receive Severance Benefits pursuant to Article III. 
 
 (l) Performance Termination Any termination of employment with the Company which is classified by the Company as a termination for unsatisfactory performance of duties, or inability to meet the requirements of the position. 
 
 (m) Plan Year A twelve calendar month period from January 1 through December 31. 
 
 (n) Separation from Service . Termination of employment with the Company. 

(o) Severance Benefits The Severance Pay, COBRA, outplacement assistance services and Employee Assistance Program services provided to a Participant pursuant to Article IV hereof. 
 
 (p) Severance Pay Salary continuation payment made to a Participant pursuant to Article IV hereof. 
 
 (q) Subsidiary Any entity incorporated under the laws of one of the States of the United States, 50 or more of the voting securities or other interests entitled to vote for the election of one or more managers or directors or otherwise representing equity ownership of which are owned directly or indirectly by the Company. 
 
 (r) Total Target Annual Compensation The sum of an Eligible Employee s Base Salary plus (i) such Eligible Employee s current target opportunity under the APP and (ii) the aggregate grant date target value of such Eligible Employee s most recent regular, annual long-term incentive award. 

ARTICLE III 
 ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 
 3.1 Participation . An Eligible Employee who is subject to a Company-initiated Separation from Service other than for Cause (as determined by the Committee) shall become a Participant, regardless of the Participant s retirement eligibility or other status under any other plan or program maintained by the Company, (a) provided such Eligible Employee executes, delivers and does not revoke, within any applicable revocation period, the Confidential Separation and Release Agreement required under Section 3.3 hereof and (b) effective upon the expiration of any such revocation period. For the sake of clarity, an Eligible Employee shall be deemed not to have been the subject of a Company-initiated Separation from Service (and, therefore, shall not be a Participant) if the Eligible Employee is being or has been offered a Comparable Position. 
 
 3.2 Duration . A Participant remains a Participant under the Plan until the earliest of 
 
 (a) the date the Participant is no longer entitled to receive any further Severance Benefits under Article IV or 
 
 (b) the date the Plan terminates. 
 
 3.3 Confidential Separation and Release Agreement . No Eligible Employee shall be deemed a Participant entitled to receive Severance Benefits hereunder unless such Eligible Employee (a) executes and delivers a Separation and Release Agreement (the Agreement ), in the form required by the Company, within 30 days following termination or such other period specified for such individual by the Company and (b) does not revoke such Agreement in writing within the 7-day period (or any other applicable revocation period) following the date on which it is executed and delivered. 
 
 3.4 Change in Control Agreements . Nothing in this Plan is intended to modify or supersede any Change in Control or similar agreement between the Company and any Eligible Employee or 

any other employee, the terms and conditions of which shall be controlling following any Change in Control as defined therein, in lieu of the provisions of the Plan. 

ARTICLE IV 
 SEVERANCE BENEFITS 
 
 4.1 Severance Benefits . Each Participant shall receive the following Severance Benefits . 
 
 (a) Severance Pay . A Participant shall be entitled to Severance Pay equal to two times the Participant s Base Salary, provided the Participant has been a full-time employee of the Company for at least 12 consecutive months prior to such Participant s Separation from Service, provided, further, that in the discretion of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, a Participant who has been employed for less than 12 consecutive months prior to such Participant s Separation from Service may be offered Severance Pay in an amount not exceeding the amount such Participant would otherwise have been entitled hereunder had the Participant been so employed. 
 
 (i.) Unless otherwise specified by the Committee, Severance Pay shall be paid in approximately equal increments for a period of 24 months according to the Company s regular payroll schedule, beginning with the first full payroll period applicable to the Participant following the date on which they became a Participant provided, however, if the period for executing, delivering and non revocation of the Agreement under Section 3.3 spans two calendar years, the first payment shall be made in the second calendar year. 
 
 (ii.) The Severance Pay determined pursuant this section will be offset by any amount paid to a Participant (but not less than zero) pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act WARN ), or any similar state or other law, in lieu of notice thereunder. The benefits provided under this Plan are intended to satisfy any and all statutory obligations that may arise out of a Company-initiated Separation from Service, and the Committee shall so construe and implement the terms of the Plan. 
 
 (iii.) If, at the time Severance Pay is to be made hereunder, a Participant is indebted or obligated to the Company or any affiliate, then such Severance Pay shall be reduced by the amount of such indebtedness or obligation to the extent allowable under applicable federal or state law, provided that the Company may in its sole discretion elect not to reduce the Severance Pay by the amount of such indebtedness or obligation and provided that any such election by the Company shall not constitute a waiver of its claim of such indebtedness or obligation, in accordance with applicable law. 
 
 (iv.) Severance Pay hereunder shall not be considered compensation for purposes of determining any benefits provided under any pension, savings, or other benefit plan maintained by the Company. 

(b) Continuation of Coverage Under the Company s Medical Plan . Provided that the Participant has timely elected, and he and or any of his current dependents remains eligible for COBRA, the Company will reimburse the Participant or make COBRA continuation payments for medical coverage on behalf of the Participant, as appropriate, from the Participant s Separation from Service until the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Participant s Separation from Service or (ii) such time as Executive otherwise becomes Medicare-eligible. The Participant shall be responsible for any additional months of COBRA coverage elected beyond the months of COBRA provided by the Company under this Plan. The Participant may also enroll in other applicable COBRA coverage (e.g. dental and or the health care spending accounts) however, the Participant shall be responsible for and must pay the COBRA premium for such coverage. 
 
 (c) Outplacement Services . Up to six months of outplacement services will be provided by a designated service provider, provided that the aggregate cost thereof shall not exceed 25,000 and provided, further, that such services are used within one year of the Participant s Separation from Service. Services shall be paid by the Company directly to the outplacement service provider upon documentation of the expenditure. 
 
 (d) Incentive Compensation Programs . Nothing in this Plan is intended to modify or supersede the terms and conditions of the Company s short or long term incentive compensation programs, including without limitation the APP, the Company s 2022 Incentive Plan or any successor plan thereto and any award agreements governing the terms and conditions of any award thereunder. 
 
 4.2 Withholding . A Participant shall be responsible for payment of any federal, Social Security, state, local or other taxes on Severance Benefits under the Plan. The Company shall deduct from Severance Pay any federal, Social Security, state, local or other taxes which are subject to withholding, as determined by the Company. 
 
 4.3 Forfeiture, Recoupment and Recovery of Overpayments . If it is determined that any amount paid to an individual under this Plan should not have been paid or should have been paid in a lesser amount, written notice thereof shall be given, and such individual shall promptly repay the amount of the overpayment to the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Plan in all cases reserves the right to pursue collection of any remaining overpayments if the above recovery efforts under this paragraph have failed. 
 
 Without limiting the foregoing, if, following a Participant s Separation from Service for a reason other than the Participant s termination for Cause, the Company discovers facts that such Participant s Separation from Service could have been for Cause, such Participant s Separation from Service will be deemed to have been for Cause for all purposes, and as a result, (a) the Company will cease payment of any benefit otherwise payable to the Participant under the Plan and (b) the Participant will be required to repay to the Company all cash amounts received under the Plan that would not have been payable to such Participant had such Separation from Service been a termination for Cause under Section 3.1 above. 
 
 Further, all amounts to which a Participant is entitled under this Plan shall be subject to forfeiture and or repayment to the Company to the extent and in the manner required (i) to 

comply with any requirements imposed under applicable laws, regulations, stock exchange listing rules or other rules (ii) under the terms of the ATI Inc. Executive Compensation Recovery Policy, or other similar policy, to the extent applicable to the Participant, or under any other policy or guideline adopted by the Company for purposes of fraud prevention, governance, avoidance of monetary or reputational damage to the Company and its affiliates or similar reasons, whether or not such policy or guideline was in place at the time the Participant becomes eligible to participate in this Plan (and such requirements shall be deemed incorporated into this Plan without the consent of the Participant). 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 
 
 5.1 Powers . The Committee shall have all such powers as may be necessary to discharge its duties hereunder, including, but not by way of limitation, the power to construe or interpret the Plan, to determine all questions of eligibility hereunder, and to perform such other duties as may from time to time be delegated to it by the Board. The Committee may designate an individual Plan Administrator Plan Administrator to assist in the execution of its obligations with respect to the Plan. If the Committee does not expressly designate a separate Plan Administrator, the Committee shall, for purposes of this Plan, be deemed the Plan Administrator. Any interpretations of this Plan by persons other than the Committee or individuals or organizations to whom the Committee has delegated administrative duties shall have no effect hereunder. 
 
 5.2 Decisions . All decisions of the Committee shall be uniformly and consistently applied to all Eligible Employees and Participants under this Plan in similar circumstances and shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons affected by them. 
 
 5.3 Books and Records . The records of the Company shall be conclusive evidence as to all information contained therein with respect to the basis for participation in the Plan and for the calculation of Severance Benefits. 
 
 5.4 Claim Procedure . The Committee procedure for handling all claims hereunder and review of denied claims shall be consistent with the provisions of ERISA. If a claim for Plan benefits is denied, the Committee shall provide a written notice within 90 days to the person claiming the benefits that contains the specific reasons for the denial, specific references to Plan provisions on which the Committee based its denial and a statement that the claimant may (a) request a review upon written application to the Committee within 60 days, (b) may review pertinent Plan documents and (c) may submit issues and comments in writing. If a claim is denied because of incomplete information, the notice shall also indicate what additional information is required. If additional time is required to make a decision on the claim, the Committee shall notify the claimant of the delay within the original 90-day period. This notice will also indicate the special circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which a decision is expected. This extension period may not exceed 90 days beyond the end of the first 90-day period. 
 
 The claimant may request a review of a denied claim by writing the Committee in care of the Chief Human Resources Officer or Chief Legal Officer (the Appeal Committee ). The appeal must, however, be made within 60 days after the claimant's receipt of notice of the denial of the claim. Pertinent documents may be reviewed in preparing an appeal, and issues and comments may be submitted in writing. An appeal shall be given a complete review by the 

Appeal Committee, and a written decision shall be provided within 60 days, including reasons for such denial, a statement that the Participant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents and information relevant to the Participant s appeal, and a statement of the Participant s right to bring an action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. If there are special circumstances requiring an extensive review, the Appeal Committee shall notify the claimant in a written notice within the original 60-day period of its receipt of the appeal and indicating that the decision will be delayed. A final decision on the appeal shall be made within 120 days of the Appeal Committee's receipt of the appeal. No legal actions may be brought on a claim more than one year after the Appeal Committee issues its final decision on the claim. 
 
 The Committee and the Appeal Committee shall have all of the authority with respect to all aspects of claims for benefits under the Plan, and it shall administer this authority in its discretion. 
 
 5.5 Committee Discretion . Any action on matters within the discretion of the Committee, including but not limited to, the amount of Severance Pay or other Severance Benefits conferred upon a Participant, shall be final and conclusive as to all Eligible Employees and other persons claiming rights under the Plan. The Committee shall exercise all of the powers, duties and responsibilities set forth hereunder in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, the Committee shall have the sole discretion to interpret the terms of the Plan included but not limited to, whether a Separation from Service is Company-initiated, whether an Eligible Employee s Separation from Service is for Cause or whether a Participant could have been terminated for Cause, whether an Eligible Employee is offered a Comparable Position, and whether any Severance Benefit shall be payable to any Eligible Employee under this Plan. 
 
 5.6 Plan Amendments . The Committee may from time to time modify, alter, amend or terminate the Plan. Any action permitted to be taken by the Board under the foregoing provision may be taken by the Company s Chief Human Resources Officer if such action is required by law. Any action taken by the Committee shall be made by or pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Committee and shall be evidenced by such resolution. The Committee also shall have the right to make any amendment retroactively which is necessary to bring the Plan into conformity with the Code or other applicable law. Any such amendment will be binding and effective for the Company. 
 
 5.7 Delegation of Duties . This Plan is sponsored by ATI Inc. The Committee reserves the right to delegate any and all administrative duties to one or more individuals or organizations. Any reference herein to any other entity or person, other than the Committee or any of its members, which is performing administrative services shall also include any other third-party administrators. The responsibilities of any third-party administrator may be governed, in part, by a separate administrative services contract. 

ARTICLE VI 
 LIMITATIONS AND LIABILITIES 
 
 6.1 Non-Guarantee of Employment . Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed as a contract of employment between the Company and any Eligible Employee or Participant, or as a 

right of any Eligible Employee to be continued in the employment of the Company, or as a limitation of the right of the Company to discharge any Eligible Employee with or without Cause. Nor shall anything contained in this Plan affect the eligibility requirements under any other plans or programs maintained by the Company, nor give any person a right to coverage under any other plan or program. 
 
 6.2 Non-Alienation . Except as otherwise provided herein, no right or interest of any Participant in the Plan shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, charge, attachment, garnishment, execution, levy, bankruptcy, or any other disposition of any kind, either voluntary or involuntary, prior to actual receipt of payment by the person entitled to such right or interest under the provisions hereof, and any such disposition or attempted disposition shall be void. 
 
 6.3 Applicable Law . This Plan is construed under, to the extent not preempted by federal law, enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Delaware. If any provision of this Plan is found to be invalid, such provision shall be deemed modified to comply with applicable law and the remaining terms and provisions of this Plan will remain in full force and effect. 
 
 6.4 Notice . Any notice given hereunder is sufficient if given to the Eligible Employee by the Company, or if mailed to the Eligible Employee to the last known address of the Employee as such address appears on the records of the Company. 
 
 6.5 Service of Process . The Plan Administrator shall be the designated recipient of the services of process with respect to legal actions regarding the Plan. 
 
 6.6 No Guarantee of Tax Consequences . The Company makes no commitment or guarantee that any amounts paid to or for the benefit of a Participant under this Plan will be excludable from the Participant's gross income for federal, Social Security, or state income tax purposes, or that any other federal, Social Security, or state income tax treatment will apply to or be available to any Participant. It shall be the obligation of each Participant to determine whether each payment under this Plan is excludable from the Participant's gross income for federal, Social Security, and state income tax purposes, and to notify the Plan Administrator if the Participant has reason to believe that any such payment is not so excludable. This Plan is intended to be compliant with Section 409A of the Code and the guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent subject thereto or be exempt therefrom and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted the Plan shall be interpreted and administered to be in compliance therewith. Any payments provided under the Plan that are payable within the short-term deferral period or subject to any exceptions as defined or provided in Section 409A of the Code shall not be treated as deferred compensation unless otherwise required by applicable law. To the extent a Participant would otherwise be entitled to any payment under this Plan, or any plan or arrangement of the Corporation or its affiliates, that constitutes deferred compensation subject to Section 409A payable by reason of separation from service, and that if paid or provided during the six months beginning on the date of termination of a Participant s employment would be subject to the Section 409A additional tax because the Participant is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by the Company) the payment will be paid (or will commence being paid, if applicable) to the Participant on the earlier of the six month anniversary of the Participant s date of termination or the Participant s death. Each payment made under this 

Plan shall be deemed to be a separate payment. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, the Company and the Committee shall administer and interpret the Plan, and exercise all authority and discretion under the Plan, to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A and the guidance promulgated thereunder and any noncompliant provisions of this Plan will either be void or deemed amended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and the guidance promulgated thereunder. 
 
 6.7 Limitation of Liability . Neither the Company, the Plan Administrator, nor the Committee shall be liable for any act or failure to act which is made in good faith pursuant to the provisions of the Plan, except to the extent required by applicable law. It is expressly understood and agreed by each Eligible Employee who becomes a Participant, by virtue of their participation in the Plan, that, except for its or their willful misconduct or gross negligence, neither the Company, the Plan Administrator nor the Committee shall be subject to any legal liability to any Participant, for any cause or reason whatsoever, in connection with this Plan, and each such Participant hereby releases the Company, its officers and agents, and the Plan Administrator, and its agents, and the Committee, from any and all liability or obligation except as provided in this paragraph. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 fy2024q3exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Kimberly A. Fields certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Allegheny Technologies Incorporated 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 
 s Kimberly A. Fields Kimberly A. Fields President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 fy2024q3exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Donald P. Newman certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Allegheny Technologies Incorporated 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 
 s Donald P. Newman Donald P. Newman Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 fy2024q3exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 29, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date October 29, 2024 s Kimberly A. Fields Kimberly A. Fields President and Chief Executive Officer Date October 29, 2024 s Donald P. Newman Donald P. Newman Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ati-20240929.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ati-20240929_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ati-20240929_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ati-20240929_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ati-20240929_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

