<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1434737_0001477932-24-007429.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2580306</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>54687</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>506586</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>649721</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>579472</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>734007</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007429.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119145217
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007429
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001434737
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				203455830
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-151300
		FILM NUMBER:		241475516

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1661 LAKEVIEW CIRCLE
		CITY:			OGDEN
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(801) 399-3632

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1661 LAKEVIEW CIRCLE
		CITY:			OGDEN
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84403

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sears Oil & Gas
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080509

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007429.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 srsg_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

srsg_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the transition period from ________________ to ______________. Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (NV) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , ) (Registrant s address and telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell Company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes . No . The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s common stock, 0.001 par value was on November 19, 2024. SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. INDEX Page Number PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 3 Item 1 Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 3 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 5 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 8 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 8 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 10 Item 1 - Legal Proceedings 10 Item 1A Risk Factors 10 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 10 Item 3 - Defaults upon Senior Securities 10 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 11 Item 5 - Other Information 11 Item 6 Exhibits 11 Signatures 12 Index to Exhibits 13 2 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions, and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations set forth under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-looking statements also include statements in which words such as expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, estimate, consider, or similar expressions are used. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our future results and shareholder values may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Item 1. Financial Statements As used herein, the terms Spirits Time, we, our, and us refer to Spirits Time International, Inc., a Nevada corporation, unless otherwise indicated. The condensed unaudited financial statements of the registrant for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 follow. The condensed unaudited financial statements reflect all adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented. All such adjustments are of a normal and recurring nature. 3 Table of Contents SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. September 30, 2024 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) Page(s) Condensed Balance Sheets (Unaudited) F-1 Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited) F-2 Condensed Statements of Stockholders Deficit (Unaudited) F-3 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) F-4 Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) F-5 4 Table of Contents SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. Condensed Balance Sheets (Unaudited) ASSETS September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Total Current Assets OTHER ASSETS Intangible assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable Accounts payable - related party Accrued interest Accrued interest - related parties Loans payable - related parties Convertible notes payable - related parties Convertible note payable Notes payable Total Current Liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized Preferred stock designated, Series A, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively Preferred stock designated, Series D, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding Common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Derived from audited information The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements. F-1 Table of Contents SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 NET REVENUES OPERATING EXPENSES Professional fees Selling, general and administrative Total Operating Expenses LOSS FROM OPERATIONS OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) Interest expense Total Other Income (Expenses) LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES NET LOSS NET LOSS PER SHARE - BASIC AND DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING - BASIC AND DILUTED The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. Condensed Statements of Stockholders Deficit (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Additional Total Preferred Stock A Preferred Stock D Common Stock Paid-In Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance, December 31, 2023 Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2024 - - - Balance, March 31, 2024 Preferred stock issued for services - - Net loss for the three months ended June 30, 2024 - - - Balance, June 30, 2024 Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 - - Balance, September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Additional Total Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-In Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance, December 31, 2022 Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2023 - - - Balance, March 31, 2023 Net loss for the three months ended June 30, 2023 - - - Balance, June 30, 2023 Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023 - - - Balance, September 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: Stock based compensation Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued interest Accounts payable - related party Accrued interest - related parties Net Cash Used by Operating Activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from notes payable Proceeds from loans payable - related parties Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) shares of common stock, and Series A Preferred Stock convertible into shares of common stock. At September 30, 2023 the Company had no warrants outstanding, convertible debt outstanding that was convertible into shares of common stock, and Series A Preferred Stock convertible into shares of common stock. The common stock issuable from the warrants, convertible debt, and preferred stock was not included, as it would be anti-dilutive due to continuing losses. September 30, 2023 . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had intangible assets of . F-5 Table of Contents SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and , respectively, from related parties of the Company. These loans accrue interest at the rate of per annum, are due on demand and are not convertible into common stock of the Company. The balances due on non-convertible loans payable to related parties were principal of and plus accrued interest of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, interest in the amount of and , respectively, was paid. Beginning August 2017, the Company entered into an oral agreement to pay the Company s sole director per month as payment for use of his personal residence as the Company s office and mailing address. The Company has recorded rent expense of during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 which is included in the selling, general and administrative expenses on the statements of operations. The amount payable at December 31, 2023 was . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company paid , resulting in payable at September 30, 2024. In March 2014, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to the sole officer and director of the Company and a convertible promissory note to another affiliated shareholder (the Convertible Notes ). On October 11, 2022 this unaffiliated individual was appointed as a director of the Company. , are now payable on demand, and accrue interest at the rate of per annum. The holders of the Convertible Notes, may, at their option, convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal balance of, and all accrued interest on the Convertible Notes into shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, at a conversion rate of per share. During the year ended December 31, 2019, of accrued interest was converted into shares of Preferred Stock. No principal has been paid on these Notes. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance due to these related parties for these Notes was principal of and accrued interest of and , respectively. F-6 Table of Contents SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) Convertible notes payable to related parties, interest at 12 per annum, due on March 7, 2015 (in default), convertible into common stock at 1.00 per share Total Convertible Notes and Loans Payable Related Parties Less: Current Portion Long-Term Convertible Notes and Loans Payable Related Parties Accrued interest on the convertible notes and loans payable, related parties was and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. December 31, 2023 (1) Collateralized by the Company s assets, including accounts receivable, cash and equivalents, inventory, property, equipment, intangibles. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s assets consisted of cash and equivalents of and , respectively, for total carrying value of and , respectively. (A) On September 24, 2018 (the Date of Issuance the Company issued a convertible promissory note (the Note with a face value of , maturing on , and a stated interest of to a third-party investor. . This note is currently in default (Note 7). F-7 Table of Contents SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) Common Stock Purchase Warrants (the Warrants ), exercisable immediately at a fixed exercise price of with an expiration date of September 24, 2023. The note proceeds of were allocated between the fair value of the promissory note and the Warrants ), resulting in a debt discount of . As the warrants were exercisable immediately, this debt discount was amortized in its entirety to interest expense on the Date of Issuance. The Warrants expired . During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company paid towards principal on the Note. Note payable to an unrelated individual, interest at 12 per annum, issued December 31, 2018 due December 31, 2019 (in default), unsecured Note payable to an unrelated individual, interest at 12 per annum, issued May 1, 2020 due May 1, 2021 (in default), unsecured Note payable to an unrelated individual, interest at 10 per annum, issued January 20, 2021 due January 20, 2022 (in default), unsecured Note payable to an unrelated individual, interest at 8 per annum, issued March 18, 2022 due March 18, 2023 (in default), unsecured Note payable to an unrelated entity, interest at 8 per annum, issued April 20, 2022 due April 20, 2023 (in default), unsecured Note payable to an unrelated entity, interest at 10 per annum, issued April 18, 2023 due April 18, 2024, unsecured Note payable to an unrelated entity, interest at 10 per annum, issued September 11, 2023 due September 11, 2024, unsecured Note payable to an unrelated entity, interest at 10 per annum, issued February 2, 2024 due February 2, 2025, unsecured Total Notes Payable Less: Current Portion Long-Term Notes Payable Accrued interest and interest expense for these Notes as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled and , respectively. Accrued interest as of December 31, 2023 was . Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was . F-8 Table of Contents SPIRITS TIME INTERNATIONAL, INC. Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) , comprised of outstanding principal of , accrued interest of , and liquidated damages of . We have communicated with the noteholder regarding these matters and are under advisement from our legal counsel that, although we have defaulted on Note (A) and as such are accruing the default interest of 24 as stated within Note (A), we are not otherwise in breach of Note (A). We are unable to predict whether we will be able to enter into a workable resolution with the noteholder. If not, the noteholder could commence collection action against the Company and seek to foreclose on our assets and seek other remedies. We and our legal counsel believe the likelihood of this action is remote, and therefore have not accrued for any potential damages at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. shares of common stock with a par value of . There were no common stock transactions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023, resulting in common shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Preferred Stock The Company has authorized shares of Preferred Stock. On May 20, 2022, the Company designated shares of Series A Preferred Stock Series A with par value of . Each share of Series A participates in liquidation equal to common stock, is convertible into common stock at the option of the holder on a ten-for-one basis and carries no common votes unless and until converted to common stock at which time the converted shares are entitled to vote on any matter submitted to common stockholders. The Series A shares are not entitled to dividends unless and until converted to common stock at which time they would have dividend rights as common stock holders. On April 17, 2024, the Company issued shares of Preferred Series A stock to unaffiliated individuals for services rendered to the Company. The shares were valued at , or approximately per share. This amount is included in professional fees on the Statement of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company had shares of Series A Preferred issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and shares outstanding at December 31, 2023. The Company has also designated shares as Series D Preferred Stock Series D with par value of . . The Company had shares of Series D issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. F-9 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Plan of Operations FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This report contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. We use words such as anticipate, believe, plan, expect, future, intend, and similar expressions to identify such forward-looking statements. Investors should be aware that all forward-looking statements contained within this filing are good faith estimates of management as of the date of this filing and actual results may differ materially from historical results or our predictions of future results. General Financial Matters Our auditor s report on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 contained a going concern qualification expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our liabilities significantly exceed our assets and we have yet to generate revenue from operations. Our primary creditor has claimed a default under the Promissory Note we issued to such creditor. For us to continue to achieve our business plan we need to raise significant additional capital of which there can be no assurance. An investment in the Company would create a significant risk of loss to an investor. Overview Spirits Time International, Inc. (the Company was incorporated on October 18, 2005 under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company was formed under the name of Sears Oil and Gas Corporation but effective October 22, 2018, our name was changed to Spirits Time International, Inc. to reflect our new business direction. At the time the Company was organized, its principal business objective was to engage in the oil and gas business. The Company became a public reporting company by filing a Form S-1 Registration Statement with the SEC that was declared effective July 25, 2008. The Company s business operations in the oil and gas business were not successful and its initial principals sold controlling interest in the Company. Prior to the Asset Acquisition (as defined below), we were a shell company (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). As a result of the Asset Acquisition, we ceased to be a shell company and intend to commence operations in the beverage industry (initially in the tequila beverage industry). We have limited operating history, no revenue, and negative working capital. On September 28, 2018, we completed and closed upon an Asset Acquisition Transaction (the Acquisition and a Loan Transaction pursuant to which we intend to engage in the business of marketing tequila products under the brand name of Tequila Alebrijes. We acquired the Tequila Alebrijes brand name, trademark and certain other assets from Human Brands International, Inc., a Nevada corporation Human Brands ). We intend to look for other beverage brand acquisition transactions in the future. On April 14, 2023 the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger Merger Agreement with BioSculpture Technology, Inc. BioSculpture to, subject to a number of conditions, acquire 100 of the ownership of BioSculpture, as further described in the Company s Form 8-K filed April 20, 2023. There will be many conditions to closing of the Merger Agreement, many of which are outside of the parties control, and we cannot predict whether these conditions will be satisfied. There are no assurances when or if closing of the merger as set out in the Merger Agreement will occur. Plan of Operations Prior to the Asset Acquisition transaction, we were a shell company with no substantive operations. The purpose of the Company was to seek and investigate potential assets, properties or businesses to acquire while complying with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for so long as we are subject to those requirements. We have developed a business plan to obtain rights to develop a portfolio of beverage (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) product brands and to distribute and market beverage products nationally and internationally. Our first brand is the Tequila Alebrijes brand of tequila. We obtained the trademark for this brand and the rights to market and distribute Tequila Alebrijes products. Currently, the Tequila Alebrijes brand of tequila is our only product brand. We do not intend to produce beverage products but rather we intend to acquire brand and marketing rights for beverage products and thereafter commercialize our products either directly by selling to retailers and point of sale locations or through brand management agreements and/or distribution agreements with other companies involved in the beverage distribution business. 5 Table of Contents Acquisition of Assets On September 13, 2018, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to purchase inventory and intangible assets from Human Brands, as described above. As of the periods presented and date of this filing, we have no additional assets, other than a nominal amount of cash. The Company s Business Plan - General Our current business plan is to engage in the business of acquiring rights to market non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverage brands. As described above, our first acquisition was the Tequila Alebrijes brand of tequila. Currently, that is our only product brand. Demand for premium distilled spirits brands is driving growth and transforming the distilled spirits industry, driven by several key trends including an increasingly global market for alcoholic beverages, better and more well-defined channels of distribution, an international and domestic rise of cocktail culture, the growing popularity for distilled spirits, a greater desire among consumers wanting to know more about the history and production methods behind what they drink, an increase in the willingness of consumers to enjoy experimenting and trying new brands, categories and styles of alcoholic beverages, the identifiable industry trend showing increasing demand for a broader variety and new brands at the point of sale, and a higher level of appreciation of quality over quantity, with premium and above offerings gaining market share. Amidst the background where industry leading producers are shifting more emphasis on premium brand offerings, an emerging wave of small craft distillers is capturing an increasing market share. As the craft boom continues, we anticipate that larger brands will increase their emphasis on craft qualities and will look to emerging brands gaining consumer support as acquisition candidates. We intend, subject to adequate financing, to build a portfolio of beverage brands of non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages. We anticipate that we may be able to use our securities to acquire interests in additional beverage brands and as incentive for brand managers and other product distributors. Ultimate Business Goal One of our ultimate business goals is to develop critical mass and a diverse portfolio of distilled spirits and non-alcoholic brands to make us an attractive acquisition target or an attractive partner for other companies in the beverage industry. To achieve this goal, we plan on developing diverse channels of distribution by building relationships with strong regional and local distributors. To support our distributors, we plan to work with brand managers to create marketing, support consumer awareness, and to develop demand at the retail level in liquor stores and bars. Our planned operating strategy Our business strategy relates to our Tequila Alebrijes product and potentially other distilled spirits brands and non-alcoholic brands. We have developed a strategy to commence and build operations in the premium spirits industry. Our strategy is as follows: (1) Building Our Branded Product Portfolio . We plan to build a portfolio of distilled spirit and non-alcoholic brands through distribution agreements, acquisitions of distributors and brands, and potentially the development of our own proprietary brands. We intend to attempt to add products in high-demand and in high-growth categories. Our first brand acquisition, as described throughout this Form 10-Q, is the acquisition of the Tequila Alebrijes brand. (2) Qualify for Our Own Licenses and Permits . Initially we are relying on brand management agreements with companies that already have distribution channels and have import and export licenses and permits. In addition, we will be contracting with US domestic distributors that have permits and licenses in a large number of key states for spirits sales. In addition, our brand management companies will have the logistical capability to store, ship and comply with all state and federal regulations and accounting requirements. The brand managers will also be responsible for collecting and reporting on all taxes, customs compliance and shipping regulations. (3) Build Distribution . If, in the future, we obtain required permits, we intend to focus on building additional distribution for Tequila Alebrijes and other brands in the U.S. and Asia, the largest beverage market and the fastest growing beverage market, respectively. (4) Marketing . We plan to bring the enjoyment of the Tequila Alebrijes experience to the customer. Key to scaling our business activities is our commitment to, and investment in innovative and effective sales and marketing campaigns, and supporting demand generated from those campaigns with sufficient inventory. Consumers want an experience and our marketing strategy is built around that. 6 Table of Contents We anticipate that in order to achieve our marketing strategy for our Tequila Alebrijes brand and acquire and market other brands, we will be required to obtain significant capital from equity and debt sources. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate additional capital as we need it or even if it is available, that it will be on terms and conditions that are acceptable and commercially reasonable. We anticipate that we will issue shares of our capital stock to raise additional capital, to attract third party distribution networks, attempt to acquire interests in other brands and for employee compensation. Results of Operations We have yet to generate any revenue from the acquisition of the tequila related assets and there can be no assurance we will be able to generate meaningful revenues in the near future. We anticipate that we must raise additional capital to develop a meaningful marketing program for our products and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise adequate capital to market our products and develop active business operations. Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had no revenue. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred 17,843 of professional fees compared to 9,714 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred 599,563 of professional fees compared to 47,501 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Such expenses consist primarily of legal and accounting fees, as well as annual fees required to maintain the Company s corporate status. The increase is mainly the result of professional fees associated with the Merger Agreement described in the overview above and increased professional fees related to the Company maintaining its status and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred 2,246 of selling, general and administrative expenses compared to 2,252 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred 8,045 of selling, general and administrative expenses compared to 8,512 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred 32,817 of interest expense on all notes payable compared to 31,067 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred 96,507 of interest expense on all notes payable compared to 91,067 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. As a result of the foregoing, the Company incurred a loss of 52,906 and 43,033, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and a loss of 704,115 and 147,080, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Liquidity As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 524 of cash and negative working capital of 1,604,076. This compares with cash of 493 and negative working capital of 1,434,561 as of December 31, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company used cash of 55,919 in operations consisting of the loss of 704,115 and a decrease in accounts payable related party of 5,500 which was offset by non-cash stock based compensation of 534,600, changes in accounts payable and accrued interest of 102,340 and changes in accrued interest due to related parties of 16,756. This compares with 37,680 used in operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisting of the loss of 147,080 and a decrease in accounts payable related party of 2,500 which was offset by changes in accounts payable and accrued interest of 84,503 and changes in accrued interest due to related parties of 27,397. There were no investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, financing activities provided 55,950 which consisted of proceeds from notes payable of 25,000 and proceeds from loans payable to related parties of 30,950. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, financing activities provided 37,350 which consisted of proceeds from notes payable of 10,000 and proceeds from loans payable to related parties of 27,350. As a result of the foregoing, there was an increase in cash of 31 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the cash on hand as of December 31, 2023. From the date of inception (October 18, 2005) to September 30, 2024, the Company has accumulated a deficit of 3,132,983, most of which were expenses relating to the initial development of the Company and maintaining reporting company status with the SEC. In order to survive as a going concern, the Company will require additional capital investments or borrowed funds to meet cash flow projections and carry forward our business objectives. There can be no guarantee or assurance that we can raise adequate capital from outside sources to fund the proposed business. Failure to secure additional financing would result in business failure and a complete loss of any investment made into the Company. 7 Table of Contents Our ability to continue as a going concern in the next 12 months depends on our ability to obtain sources of capital to fund our continuing operations and to fund our operations in the beverage industry. As of September 30, 2024, our remaining cash balance is not sufficient to cover our current liabilities, obligations and working capital needs for the balance of 2024. We will continue to rely on loans from management and/or affiliated shareholders or we may raise additional capital through an interim financing to meet our general cash flow requirements until such time as we are able to complete the acquisition of an operating company. As described in Part II Item 3, the lender under the Secured Promissory Note has notified us of a claimed default under the Note. The Note is secured by all of the assets of the Company. We currently do not have cash available to repay the Note and there is no assurance that we will ever have liquid assets necessary to repay the Note. Employees As of the date of this report, we have no employees. Subject to adequate financing and business needs we will retain employees, third party consultants, agents and other service providers on an as needed basis. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that had or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company s financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. The term off-balance sheet arrangement generally means any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement to which an entity unconsolidated with the Company is a party, under which the Company has (i) any obligation arising under a guarantee contract, derivative instrument or variable interest; or (ii) a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to such entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support for such assets. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. Item 4. Disclosure Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Securities and Exchange Commission defines the term disclosure controls and procedures to mean a Company s controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company maintains such a system of controls and procedures in an effort to ensure that all information which it is required to disclose in the reports it files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified under the SEC s rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to principal executive and principal financial officers to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the objectives of timely alerting them to material information required to be included in the Company s periodic SEC reports and of ensuring that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified. The Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer also concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to provide reasonable assurance of the achievement of these objectives. 8 Table of Contents Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. We carried out an assessment, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and Interim CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal controls over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of September 30, 2024. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment and on those criteria, our CEO and Interim CFO concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 30, 2024. The principal basis for this conclusion is (i) failure to engage sufficient resources regarding our accounting and reporting obligations during our startup and (ii) failure to fully document our internal control policies and procedures. This quarterly report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only the management s report in this quarterly report. The Company s management, including the Company s CEO and Interim CFO, does not expect that the Company s internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Changes in Internal Controls There were no significant changes in the Company s internal controls or, to the Company s knowledge, in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation. 9 Table of Contents PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings The Company is currently not a party to any pending legal proceedings. As described in Part II, Item 3 of this Form 10-Q, we have been notified that Auctus Fund, LLC has claimed a default under the Promissory Note we issued to Auctus in September 2018. Although we are attempting to resolve this issue with Auctus, there can be no assurance that Auctus will not commence a legal proceeding in connection with such claimed default. No director, officer, or affiliate of the Company and no owner of record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of the securities of the Company, or any associate of any such director, officer or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company in reference to pending litigation. Item 1A. Risk Factors This item is not applicable to smaller reporting companies. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities On September 24, 2018, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Auctus Securities Purchase Agreement under which it issued a Senior Secured Convertible Promissory note in an aggregate principal amount of 300,000 (the Auctus Note to Auctus Fund, LLC Auctus ). The principal amount of the Auctus Note accrues interest at the rate of 10 per annum. The Auctus Note calls for default interest at the rate of 24 per annum. The maturity date of the Auctus Note was September 24, 2019. The Auctus Note is secured by all of the assets of the Company. Auctus has the option to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of the Auctus Note into shares of the Company s common stock at the Auctus Conversion Price. The Auctus Conversion Price, subject to the adjustments described in the Auctus Note, shall equal the lesser of: (i) 50 multiplied by the lowest Trading Price (as defined in the Auctus Note) (representing a discount rate of 50 during the previous twenty-five (25) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day (as defined in the Auctus Note) prior to the date of the Note, and (ii) the Variable Conversion Price (as defined in the Auctus Note herein) (subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Company relating to the Company s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Company, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). The Variable Conversion Price shall mean 50 multiplied by the Market Price (as defined in the Auctus Note) (representing a discount rate of 50 ). The Note provides that the conversion price may be adjusted downward upon the occurrence of certain events or the failure of certain events to occur. The Auctus Note contains provisions relating to events and actions that, if to occur or not occur, would result in an Event of Default under the Auctus Note. One Event of Default is as follows: The Company fails to (i) file a registration statement covering the Auctus (or a successor holder s) Holder resale of all of the shares underlying the Auctus Note (the Registration Statement within ninety (90) days following the Issue Date (as defined in the Auctus Note), (ii) cause the Registration Statement to become effective within one hundred ninety (190) days following the Issue Date, (iii) cause the Registration Statement to remain effective until the Note is satisfied in full, (iv) comply with the Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and Holder entered into in connection with the issuance of this Note, or (v) immediately amend the Registration Statement or file a new Registration Statement (and cause such Registration Statement to become immediately effective) if there are no longer sufficient shares registered under the initial Registration Statement for the Holder s resale of all of the shares underlying the Note. Under the Auctus loan documents, the registration statement for the shares underlying the Auctus Note was required to be filed by the Company on or about December 23, 2018. The Company did not file the required registration statement on that date. Subsequent to December 23, 2018, the Company had communication with Auctus in connection with a potential agreed upon delay in the filing of the registration statement, but no written agreement relating to a waiver or forbearance was entered into by the Company and Auctus. 10 Table of Contents Notification of Default On April 25, 2019, the Company received a demand letter from Auctus s legal counsel that stated, among other things, that the Company has defaulted on the Auctus Note pursuant to: Sections 2.8 (Non-circumvention); 3.1 (Failure to pay Principal or interest - acceleration); 3.4 (Breach of Agreements and Covenants Sections 2.8 of the Note (Non-circumvention); and 3.5 (Breach of Representations and Warranties Section 3(g) (SEC Documents; Financial Statements) of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA by and between the Company and Auctus dated September 24, 2018; and 3.25 (Failure to Register) (this is not an exhaustive delineation of potential breaches). The demand letter further stated that as a result of such breaches and the default remedy provisions of the Note set forth therein at pages 20 and 21 thereof, as of April 25, 2019, the Company, owed Auctus at least 490,767 calculated as follows: Outstanding principal of 300,000 + accrued interest of 12,178 + 15,000 liquidated damages relating back to the Auctus Note issuance date for breach of Section 3.1 + 50 liquidated damages of 163,589 for default under Sections other than Section 3.2. Uncertainty of Outcome . We have communicated with Auctus regarding the matters described in this Item 3 but are unable to predict whether we will be able to enter into a workable resolution with Auctus. If not, Auctus could commence collection action against the Company and seek to foreclose on our assets and seek other remedies. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. Item 5. Other Information None. Item 6. Exhibits Exhibits required to be attached by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the Index to Exhibits for this Form 10-Q, and are incorporated herein by this reference. 11 Table of Contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Spirits Time International, Inc. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Mark A. Scharmann Mark A. Scharmann, President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 12 Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101. INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101. PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 101. LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101. DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101. CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101. SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Incorporated by reference from previous filings of the Company. Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed furnished and not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, or deemed furnished and not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 13 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 srsg_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 srsg_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Mark A. Scharmann, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Spirits Time International, Inc. (the registrant); 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Mark A. Scharmann Mark A. Scharmann, President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 srsg_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 srsg_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Spirits Time International, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report), I, Mark A. Scharmann, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify that, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Spirits Time International, Inc. Date: November 19, 2024 By /s/ Mark A. Scharmann Mark A. Scharmann President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 srsg-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 srsg-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 srsg-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 srsg-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

