<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1855474_0001213900-24-097448.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6707704</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>136172</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1391993</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1361461</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1753554</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1918715</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097448.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113160439
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097448
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AirJoule Technologies Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855474
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR COND & WARM AIR HEATING EQUIP & COMM & INDL REFRIG EQUIP [3585]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41151
		FILM NUMBER:		241453944

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		34361 INNOVATION DRIVE
		CITY:			RONAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59864
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-942-3083

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		34361 INNOVATION DRIVE
		CITY:			RONAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59864

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Montana Technologies Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20241104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AirJoule Technologies Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20241104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Montana Technologies Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240315

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097448.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ea0219907-10q_airjoule.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________
to ______________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 8, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s
Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

AIRJOULE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part 1 - Financial Information 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Notes to
 the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition And Results of Operations 
 32 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 

Part II - Other Information 
 44 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 44 

Item 1a. 
 Risk Factors 
 44 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 44 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 44 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 44 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 45 

Signatures 
 46 

i 

PART 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited) 

AIRJOULE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(unaudited) 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Due from related party 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Property and equipment, net 

Investment in AirJoule, LLC 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued transaction fees 

Other accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability, current 

True Up Shares liability 

Total current liabilities 

Earnout Shares liability 

Subject Vesting Shares liability 

Operating lease liability, non-current 

Deferred tax liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

Stockholders equity (deficit) 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A Common stock, par value; authorized shares and and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Class B Common stock, par value; authorized shares and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

AIRJOULE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Cost and expenses: 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

Transaction costs incurred in connection with business combination 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Gain on contribution to AirJoule, LLC 

Equity loss from investment in AirJoule, LLC 

Change in fair value of Earnout Shares liability 

Change in fair value of True Up Shares liability 

Change in fair value of Subject Vesting Shares liability 

Gain on settlement of legal fees 

Other income 

Total other income, net 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average Class A common stock outstanding, basic 

Basic net income (loss) per share, Class A common stock 

Weighted average Class A common stock outstanding, diluted 

Diluted net income (loss), per share, Class A common stock 

Weighted average Class B common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic net income (loss) per share, Class B common stock 

Diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

AIRJOULE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) (UNAUDITED) 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2024 

Members 
 Preferred 
 Class
 A Common Stock 
 Class
 B Common Stock 
 Subscription 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Retained
 Earnings (Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders Equity 

Contribution 
 Units 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Receivable 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2023 

Retroactive
 application of recapitalization 

Balance
 at December 31, 2023 

Issuance
 of class A common stock 

Exercise
 of warrants 

Exercise
 of options 

Reverse
 capitalization, net of transaction costs 

Net
 income 

Balance
 at March 31, 2024 

Issuance
 of common stock pursuant to June 2024 subscription agreement 

Exercise
 of warrants 

Exercise
 of options 

Subscription
 proceeds received 

Stock
 based compensation 

Net
 income 

Balance
 at June 30, 2024 

Exercise
 of options 

Stock
 based compensation 

Net
 income 

Balance
 at September 30, 2024 

For
the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Members 
 Preferred 
 Class
 A common stock 
 Class
 B Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders Equity 

Contribution 
 Units 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

Retroactive
 application of recapitalization 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

Issuance
 of class A common stock 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at March 31, 2023 

Issuance
 of class A common stock 

Stock
 based compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at June 30, 2023 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

AIRJOULE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

() 
 
 Adjustment to reconcile net income (loss) to cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred tax expense 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Change in fair value of Earnout Shares liability 

() 

Change in fair value of True Up Shares liability 

Change in fair value of Subject Vesting Shares liability 

() 

Gain on contribution to AirJoule, LLC 

() 

Equity loss from investment in AirJoule, LLC 

Non-cash transaction costs in connection with business combination 

Gain on settlement of legal fees 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Due from related party 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 
 
 Other assets 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Accounts payable 

() 

Due to related party 

() 

Accrued expenses, accrued transaction costs and other liabilities 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Investment in AirJoule, LLC 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from the exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from the exercise of options 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 

Issuance of preferred units 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of the period 

Supplemental non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Initial recognition of True Up Shares liability 

Initial recognition of Subject Vesting Shares liability 

Initial recognition of ROU asset and operating lease liability 

Liabilities combined in recapitalization, net 

Contribution to AirJoule, LLC of license to technology 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Taxes paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

AIRJOULE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of newly issued shares of Class A common stock of the Company, (ii) each issued and outstanding class A common unit of Legacy
Montana converted into the right to receive approximately shares of newly issued shares of Class B common stock of the Company and
(iii) each option to purchase common units of Legacy Montana converted into the right to receive an option to purchase Class A common
stock of the Company having substantially similar terms to the corresponding option, including with respect to vesting and termination-related
provisions, except that such options represented the right to receive a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the number of
common units subject to the corresponding option immediately prior to the Closing multiplied by approximately . 

The Business Combination was accounted for as
a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Under this method
of accounting, although XPDB acquired the outstanding equity interest in Legacy Montana in the Business Combination, XPDB is treated as
the acquired company and Legacy Montana was treated as the accounting acquirer for financial statement purposes. Accordingly, the Business
Combination was treated as the equivalent of Legacy Montana issuing stock for the net assets of XPDB, accompanied by a recapitalization. 

Furthermore, the historical financial statements
of Legacy Montana became the historical financial statements of the Company upon the consummation of the Merger. As a result, the condensed
consolidated financial statements reflect (i) the historical operating results of Legacy Montana prior to the Business Combination; (ii)
the combined results of XPDB and Legacy Montana following the Closing; (iii) the assets and liabilities of Legacy Montana at their historical
cost and (iv) Legacy Montana s equity structure for all periods presented, as affected by the recapitalization presentation after
completion of the Business Combination. See Note 4 - Recapitalization for further details of the Business Combination. 

On January 25, 2024, Legacy Montana entered into a joint venture formation
framework agreement with GE Ventures LLC GE Vernova ), a Delaware limited liability company and, solely for the purposes
specified therein, GE Vernova LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, pursuant to which Legacy Montana and GE Vernova agreed, subject
to the terms and conditions of the framework agreement, including certain closing conditions specified therein, to form a joint venture
(the AirJoule JV in which Legacy Montana and GE Vernova will each hold a interest. The joint venture transaction closed
on March 4, 2024. AirJoule, LLC, the entity formed under this agreement, is included under the equity method of accounting within these
financial statements. See Note 5 - Equity Method Investment for further details. 

5 

million as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of working capital including million in
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash. The Company had restricted cash of approximately which is included in cash, cash equivalents
and restricted cash on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 and represents cash deposited by the Company
into a separate account and designated as collateral for a standby letter of credit in the same amount in accordance with a contractual
agreement. 

The Company assesses its liquidity in terms of
its ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet current and future needs. Its expected primary uses of cash on a short and long-term
basis are for working capital requirements, capital expenditures, capital contributions to its joint ventures and other general corporate
services. The Company s primary working capital requirements are for project execution activities including purchases of materials,
services and payroll which fluctuate during the year, driven primarily by the timing and extent of activities required for new and existing
projects. The Company s management expects that future operating losses and negative operating cash flows may increase from historical
levels because of additional costs and expenses related to the development of its technology and the development of market and strategic
relationships with other businesses and customers. 

With the consummation of the Business Combination
and Subscription Agreements (as defined below), the Company received gross proceeds of approximately million in the first quarter
of 2024, approximately million in May 2024 and approximately million in June 2024, which will be utilized to fund our product
development, operations and growth plans. 

Future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including,
the timing and extent of spending by the Company and its joint ventures to support the launch of its product and research and development
efforts, the degree to which it is successful in launching new business initiatives and the cost associated with these initiatives, the
timing and extent of contributions made to its joint ventures by the other partners and the growth of the Company s business generally.
In March 2024, the Company contributed million in cash to the AirJoule JV. The Company has also agreed to contribute up to an additional
 million in capital contributions to the AirJoule JV based on a business plan and annual operating budgets to be agreed between the
Company and GE Vernova. In general, for the first six years, GE Vernova has the right, but not the obligation, to make capital contributions
to the AirJoule JV. See Note 5 - Equity Method Investment for further information. 

In order to finance these opportunities and associated
costs, it is possible that the Company would need to raise additional financing if the proceeds realized to date are insufficient to support
its business needs. While management believes that the proceeds realized to date will be sufficient to meet its currently contemplated
business needs, there is no guarantee that this will be the case. If additional financing is required by the Company from outside sources,
the Company may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to it or at all. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital on acceptable
terms when needed, its product development business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. 

6 

million held in money market funds on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. There were
 no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023. The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions that may exceed the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation s insurance limits. The amounts over these insured limits as of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023 were million and million, respectively. The Company mitigates this concentration of credit risk by monitoring the credit
worthiness of the financial institutions. No losses have been incurred to date on any deposits. 

7 

years Vehicles years 

8 

million. This expense
was partially offset by the recognition of deferred tax assets in connection with the Company now being a corporation through the Business
Combination. 

9 

10 

million of Annualized EBITDA per production line, with each of the production lines commissioned over a five-year
period. EBITDA was discounted to the valuation date with a weighted average cost of capital estimate and forecasted to each estimated
commission date. Earnout mechanics at each estimated commission date were assessed, and if the earnout thresholds were achieved, the future
value of the Earnout Shares was discounted to the valuation date utilizing a risk-free rate commensurate with the overall term. The commission
dates used reflected management s best estimates regarding the time to complete full construction and achieve operational viability
of a production line, including all permitting, regulatory approvals and necessary or useful inspections. The five-year period and overall
settlement mechanics for the Earnout Shares represent contractual inputs. Management s valuation of the Earnout Shares liability
involves certain assumptions requiring significant judgment and actual results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. 

and vesting conditions in addition to the vesting related to the
milestones associated with the Earnout Shares. Management s valuation of the Subject Vesting Shares liability involves certain assumptions
requiring significant judgment and actual results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. See Note 11 Fair Value Measurements . 

11 

million which is expected to vest subject to the performance-based vesting condition being satisfied
or deemed probable. 

shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and shares of common stock issuable upon the triggering
event of the True Up Shares in the third quarter of 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, dilutive shares included in the
calculation or net income (loss) per share of common stock, utilizing the treasury stock method, were shares of common stock
issuable upon the exercise of options and shares of common stock issuable upon the triggering event of the True Up Shares in the
third quarter of 2024. 

12 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic net income (loss) per share of common stock 

Diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock 

Numerator: 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic net income (loss) per share of common stock 

Diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock 

Numerator: 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock 

13 

value ascribed to each such share and which entitles the holder thereof to vote per share on all matters
submitted to a vote of the holders of Class A common stock, whether voting separately as a class or otherwise, (ii) in the case
of holders of Legacy Montana Class A common units, in the form of newly issued shares of Class B common stock, with a 
value ascribed to each such share and which entitles the holder thereof to a number of votes per share such that the Legacy Montana Equityholders
as of immediately prior to the Closing, immediately following the Closing, collectively owned shares representing at least of the
voting power of all classes of capital stock of the recapitalized company (the Post-Combination Company entitled to vote
on matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Post-Combination Company, and (iii) in the case of holders of Legacy Montana
options, each outstanding Legacy Montana option, whether vested or unvested, were converted into an option to purchase, upon the same
terms and conditions as are in effect with respect to the corresponding Legacy Montana option immediately prior to the Closing, including
with respect to vesting and termination-related provisions, a number of shares of Class A common stock (rounded down to the nearest
whole share) equal to the product of (x) the number of Legacy Montana common units underlying such option immediately prior
to the Closing and (y) the number of shares of Class A common stock issued in respect of each Legacy Montana common unit in
the Business Combination pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at an exercise price per share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal
to (A) the exercise price per Legacy Montana common unit underlying such option immediately prior to the Closing divided by (B) the
number of shares of Class A common stock issued in respect of each Legacy Montana common unit in the Business Combination pursuant
to the Merger Agreement. 

Immediately prior to the Closing, of the
total outstanding Legacy Montana Class A common units and of the total outstanding Legacy Montana Class B common units (or an aggregate
of approximately of the total outstanding Legacy Montana Class A units and Legacy Montana Class B units) were held by unitholders
that continue as directors, officers, employees or contractors of the Post-Combination Company. The retention of certain employees who
continues as directors, officers or employees of the Post-Combination Company (whose responsibilities include continued technology development
and commercial execution) is integral to the achievement of the milestones that will determine whether Earnout Shares are payable. Legacy
Montana does not believe that such targets are achievable absent the continued involvement of such persons. In June and September 2024,
the Company granted equity awards (pursuant to the terms of the Incentive Plan (as defined below)) to its directors, officers and certain
employees of the Company and the AirJoule JV, and the Company expects to continue to provide competitive compensation, benefits and equity
awards to key directors, officers and employees going forward in order to incentivize these individuals to continue to provide services
to the Company. 

14 

shares of Class A common stock, of which (i) shares automatically vested (and shall not be subject to forfeiture)
at the Closing and (ii) shares (the Subject Vesting Shares shall be vested and no longer be subject to forfeiture
as follows: 

During the vesting period, a portion of the Subject Vesting Shares shall vest, from time to time, simultaneously with any Earnout Shares, with the number of vesting shares calculated as (A) the aggregate number of Subject Vesting Shares outstanding immediately after the Closing multiplied by (B) the fraction of (x) the applicable Earnout Milestone Amount divided by (y) the Maximum Earnout Milestone Amount (as defined below); and 

(A) shall vest at such time that the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq as reported by Bloomberg L.P. equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for extraordinary transactions, stock splits, extraordinary stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for 20 trading days within any 30 consecutive trading day period during the vesting period; or (B) if, prior to the vesting time, any Subject Vesting Shares have vested simultaneously with the Earnout Stock Payment, then (x) if the number of Subject Vesting Shares that have vested exceeds , then no additional Subject Vesting Shares shall vest and (y) if the number of Subject Vesting Shares that have vested is less than (the Deficit Amount ), then a number of Subject Vesting Shares equal to less the Deficit Amount shall vest; and 

Any remaining Subject Vesting Shares shall vest in full at the same time that the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock on the Nasdaq as reported by Bloomberg L.P. equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for extraordinary transactions, stock splits, extraordinary stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 consecutive trading day period. 

On March 8, 2024, XPDB and an investor entered
into a Subscription Agreement pursuant to which XPDB agreed to sell shares of Class A common stock to the investor for
an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, contingent on the Closing of the Business Combination. The Subscription
Agreement provides that, subject to certain conditions set forth therein, the Company may be required to issue to the investor up to an
additional shares of Class A common stock (the True Up Shares if the trading price of the Class A common
stock falls below the per share purchase price within one year of the Closing of the Business Combination. The True Up Shares are considered
a variable-share obligation under ASC 480-10-25-14, and as a result were accounted for as a liability recognized at fair value at each
reporting period with changes in fair value included in earnings. See Note 11 Fair Value Measurements . 

As discussed in Note 1 - Organization and Business
Operations , the Business Combination was consummated on March 14, 2024, which, for accounting purposes, was treated as the equivalent
of Legacy Montana issuing stock for the net assets of XPDB, accompanied by a recapitalization. Under this method of accounting, XPDB was
treated as the acquired company for financial accounting and reporting purposes under US GAAP. 

15 

million inclusive of million from the PIPE investment, offset by total transaction costs
and other fees totaling of million. 

Add: proceeds from PIPE investment 

Less: transaction costs and advisory fees, paid 

Net proceeds from the Business Combination 

Less: Subject Vesting Shares liability 

Less: True Up Shares liability 

Less: accounts payable and accrued liabilities combined 

Add: other, net 

Reverse recapitalization, net 

Less: Redemption of XPDB Class A common stock 

Class A common stock of XPDB 

XPDB Class B common stock, outstanding prior to the Business Combination 

PIPE subscription 

Business Combination Class A common stock 

Legacy Montana Shares 

Class A and B Common Stock immediately after the Business Combination 

16 

Class B Common Stock 

Transaction Costs 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
based on the proceeds received, the Company expensed million for transaction costs incurred in connection with the Business Combination,
inclusive of the recognition of the earnout shares liability of million, because the transaction costs exceeded the proceeds received
in the Business Combination. See Note 11- Fair Value Measurements for further information on the recognition and measurement of
the Earnout shares. The remaining transaction costs primarily represented fees incurred for financial advisory, legal and other professional
services that were directly related to the Business Combination. 

Public and private placement warrants 

The Public Warrants issued at the time
of XPDB s initial public offering, and warrants issued in connection with private placement at the time of XPDB s
initial public offering (the Private Placement Warrants remained outstanding and became warrants for the Company. 

Redemption 

Prior to the closing of the Business Combination,
certain XPDB public shareholders exercised their right to redeem certain of their outstanding shares for cash, resulting in the redemption
of shares of XPDB Class A common stock for an aggregate payment of million. 

interest.
The purpose of the AirJoule JV is to incorporate GE Vernova s proprietary sorbent materials into systems that utilize the Company s
AirJoule water capture technology and to manufacture and bring products incorporating the combined technologies to market in the
Americas, Africa and Australia. 

Upon the closing of the transaction on March 4,
2024, (the JV Closing ), each party to the agreement entered into (i) an amended and restated limited liability company agreement
of the AirJoule JV (the A R Joint Venture Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, the AirJoule JV has the
exclusive right to manufacture and supply products incorporating the combined technologies to leading original equipment manufacturers
and customers in the Americas, Africa and Australia, (ii) master services agreements, pursuant to which, among other things, each party
to the agreement agree to provide certain agreed services to the AirJoule JV for a period of at least following the JV Closing
(unless earlier terminated by the parties thereto) and (iii) an intellectual property agreement, pursuant to which, among other things,
each of the Company and GE Vernova Parent license certain intellectual property to the AirJoule JV. 

Pursuant to the A R Joint Venture Agreement,
the Company contributed million in cash to the AirJoule JV at the JV Closing (the Closing Contribution and in June
2024, GE Vernova contributed to the AirJoule JV. The Company has also agreed to contribute up to an additional million in capital
contributions to the AirJoule JV following the JV Closing based on a business plan and annual operating budgets to be agreed between the
Company and GE Vernova. In general, for the first six years, GE Vernova has the right, but not the obligation, to make capital contributions
to the AirJoule JV. Until GE Vernova elects to participate and contributes its pro-rata share of all past capital contributions and commits
to contribute its pro-rata share for all future capital contributions (the GE Match Date ), the Company shall be solely responsible
for funding the AirJoule JV, and the Company shall have a distribution preference under the A R Joint Venture Agreement for the amount
of its post-closing capital contributions plus a preferred return on such amounts. 

17 

interest to the Company or GE Vernova may require the
Company to purchase GE Vernova s interest, but only, in each case, if the GE Match Date has not yet occurred. The price for
GE Vernova s interest will depend on the fair market value of the interest, as set forth in the A R Joint Venture Agreement,
with a minimum value of approximately million. The A R Joint Venture Agreement also provides similar call and put rights with respect
to GE Vernova s interest if the GE Match Date does not occur by the sixth anniversary of the JV Closing or if the Company is acquired
by a competitor of GE Vernova. 

In the event that a change in applicable laws
or regulations has a material adverse effect on GE Vernova s interest in the AirJoule JV, or GE Vernova determines that the Company
fails to meet certain financial performance benchmarks, GE Vernova may require the Company to purchase GE Vernova s interest for
a total purchase price of . 

AirJoule, LLC is a variable interest entity for
which the Company has determined there is shared power with GE Vernova and therefore accounts for the VIE under the equity method of accounting. 

The Company applies the equity method to an investment in common stock
of a nonconsolidated entity. In addition to million in cash, the Company contributed a perpetual license in its intellectual property
with a carrying value of zero in exchange for its investment in AirJoule, LLC. In applying the equity method, the Company s investment
was initially recorded at fair value on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. As it relates to the contributed perpetual license,
the Company followed the following the guidance in ASC 610-20, Sale or Transfer of Non-financial assets , which states the transfer
of a license of IP that is not part of the entity s ordinary activities, the entity should apply the licensing guidance in ASC 606,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers , by analogy when evaluating the recognition and measurement of consideration received in
exchange for transferring the rights to the IP and record this as other income in the statement of operations. As such the Company recognized
a gain of million (and treated as a temporary item for tax purposes resulting in a deferred tax liability of approximately 
million) as presented on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

The Company evaluated whether there was a basis
difference between the carrying value and fair value of the Company s proportionate share of the investee s underlying net
assets. AirJoule, LLC has elected to early adopt ASU 2023-05, Business Combinations Joint Venture Formations (Subtopic
805-60), and, as a result measured the contributed assets at fair value. AirJoule, LLC was deemed a business as defined in ASC 805, Business
Combinations , and, as such there is a basis difference between the Company s investment and the amount recorded in member s
capital by the investee, AirJoule, LLC, related to in-process R D and goodwill which as of September 30, 2024 have indefinite lives. 

The Company determined the fair value of the IP
license by applying the multi-period excess earnings method. The excess earnings valuation method estimates the value of the
IP license equal to the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows attributable to that IP license over its remaining economic
life. Some of the more significant assumptions utilized in our asset valuations included projected revenues, probability of commercial
success, and the discount rate. The fair value using the excess earnings valuation method was determined using an estimated
weighted average cost of capital of , which reflects the risks inherent in future cash flow projections and represents a rate
of return that a market participant would expect for this asset. This fair value measurement was based on significant inputs not observable
in the market and thus represent Level 3 fair value measurement. 

The Company s share of the income (loss) reported by AirJoule,
LLC are classified as an equity gain (loss) from investment in AirJoule, LLC on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of
operations. The investment is evaluated for impairment annually and if facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not
be recoverable, an impairment charge would be recorded. 

18 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

Total current liabilities 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

AirJoule, LLC assesses its goodwill for impairment
annually as of October 1, and more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. AirJoule, LLC determines
the enterprise fair value using an income approach based on estimated discounted future cash flows. Determining the enterprise fair value
is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins,
discount rates, the Company s market capitalization and future market conditions, among others. The level of judgment and estimation
is inherently higher in uncertain economic times. 

Given the uncertain economic times and AirJoule,
LLC s status as an early stage company with limited operating history and the uncertainties regarding AirJoule, LLC s successful
development and commercialization of its products, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of its goodwill
impairment testing in 2024 will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. If AirJoule, LLC s assumptions, including timing
of revenue generation and forecasted EBITDA, are not achieved, then AirJoule, LLC may be required to record goodwill impairment charges
in future periods. It is not possible at this time to determine if any such future impairment charge would result or, if it does, whether
such charge would be material. 

() 

Accrued payroll 

Professional services 

Engineering consulting 

Business development 

Accrued other 

Total other accrued expenses 

and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2023, lease expenses under this lease were and , respectively. 

Lease expense for the company s operating
lease was and , respectively for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Total cash paid for the Company s
operating lease was per month with a remaining term of and a discount rate of . Lease expense is included in
general and administrative costs on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

19 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: effects of discounting 

Operating Lease Liability 

Classified as: 

Operating lease liability, current 

Operating lease liability, non-current 

. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and were owing under this agreement and included
in accounts payable on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Consultancy Agreement 

On January 1, 2019, the Company entered into a consultancy agreement
with a company affiliated with the Chief Executive Officer for a monthly payment of in exchange for the Chief Executive Officer
providing services in connection with the development and sales of Company technologies and products. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024, and , respectively was accrued and included in general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated
statement of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and , respectively was accrued and included
in general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. On May 1, 2024, this consultancy agreement
was terminated. As of September 30, 2024, was owed under this agreement. 

Office Services Agreement 

On October 31, 2020, the Company entered into a consultancy agreement
with an affiliate for a monthly payment of to provide office services. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024,
 and , respectively was accrued and included in research and development expenses on the condensed consolidated statement of
operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and , respectively was accrued for these services and
included in research and development expenses on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. On May 1, 2024, this office services
agreement was terminated. As of September 30, 2024, was owed under this agreement. 

Due to Related Party 

Commencing on December 9, 2021, through the consummation
of the initial Business Combination, XPDB agreed to pay affiliates of the sponsor a total of per month for office space, administrative
and support services. Upon the close of the Business combination, the Company assumed related to this agreement. The balance
was repaid in May 2024. 

20 

to the
XPDB trust account in connection with extending the XPDB s termination date pursuant to the approval of the extension amendment
proposal. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, the Company assumed this balance and it was subsequently repaid in May 2024. 

Due from Related Party 

As described in Note 13 Subsequent
Events , Legacy Montana executed a statement of work with AirJoule, LLC. Expected reimbursement of costs incurred as of September 30,
2024 was million and million of research and development and general administrative expenses, respectively, and is recorded
as a due from related party receivable on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and within contra-expense accounts on the condensed
consolidated statement of operations. 

Related Party Equity Transactions 

As described in Note 9 Stockholders 
Equity (Deficit) , Legacy Montana sold equity interests that subsequently converted into shares of Class A common stock, to TEP Montana,
LLC TEP Montana ). The Executive Chairman of the Company is the managing partner of the managing member of TEP Montana. 

The Company granted options and awards to the employees of AirJoule,
LLC on June 6, 2024. Additionally, as described in Note 13 Subsequent Events , Legacy Montana executed a statement of work
with AirJoule, LLC. Per the statement of work, the Company granted equity awards to AirJoule, LLC employees on September 9, 2024. The
number of options and awards granted to the employees of AirJoule, LLC are found in the Non-employee Equity Method Investees 
tables within Note 10 Stock-based Compensation. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. At September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there were shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Class A Common stock The Company is authorized
to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. At September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there were shares and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Class B Common stock The Company is authorized
to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. At September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Each share entitles the holder thereof to a number
of votes per share such that the Legacy Montana Equityholders as of immediately prior to the Closing, immediately following the Closing,
collectively owned shares representing at least of the voting power of all classes of capital stock of the Post-Combination Company
entitled to vote on matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Post-Combination Company. 

21 

of the number of shares of Class B common stock issued and held by the permitted Class B owners immediately following the effective time
of the Business Combination (or as to which the permitted Class B owners are entitled to as of such time), in each case, as equitably
adjusted to reflect any stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination,
exchange of shares or other like change or transaction, each outstanding share of Class B common stock shall automatically, without any
further action by the Corporation or any stockholder, convert into one (1) fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A common stock.
Following such conversion, the reissuance of all shares of Class B common stock shall be prohibited, and such shares of Class B common
stock shall be retired and may not be reissued. 

Warrants 

In January, February and March 2024, 14 warrant
holders of Legacy Montana exercised their warrants to purchase a total of Class A common stock, as converted, for a total purchase
price of . 

As part of XPDB s initial public offering IPO ), XPDB issued warrants to third-party investors where each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase
 share of the Company s Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share (the Public Warrants ). Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, XPDB completed the private sale of warrants where each warrant allows the holder to purchase 
share of the Company s Class A common stock at per share. In June 2024, of the Public Warrants were exercised on
a cashless basis for a total of Class A shares of the Company. 

As of September 30, 2024, there are 
Public Warrants and Private Placement warrants outstanding. 

The Private Placement Warrants (including the
common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) were not transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days
after the consummation of the Business Combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to the Company s officers and directors
and other persons or entities affiliated with the XPDB s sponsor and anchor investors) and they will not be redeemable by the
Company. The Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants, including as to
exercise price, exercisability and exercise period, except that the Private Placement Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and
are non-redeemable. 

If holders of the Private Placement Warrants elect
to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of the Company s
common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of the Company s common
stock underlying the warrants multiplied by the excess of the 10 day average closing price (defined below) as of the date prior to the
date on which notice of exercise is sent or given to the warrant agent, less the warrant exercise price by (y) the 10 day average
closing price. The 10 day average closing price means, as of any date, the average last reported sale price (defined below) of the shares
of the Company s common stock as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to such
date. Last reported sale price means the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock on the date on which the notice
of exercise of the warrant is sent to the warrant agent. 

These Public Warrants expire on the fifth anniversary
of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation and are exercisable commencing 30 days after the Business Combination,
provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and registered, qualified or exempt from registration
under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. 

Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the
Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the reported last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for any trading days within a -trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted). 

22 

million in gross proceeds. The Company issued and sold shares of the Class A common stock to investors upon
the Closing in exchange for equity interests issued by Legacy Montana pursuant to Subscription Agreements entered into by Legacy Montana
with such investors in the first quarter of 2024, which resulted in gross proceeds of approximately million, comprised of approximately
 million received in the first quarter of 2024 and approximately million in the second quarter of 2024. Of this total, TEP Montana
purchased an aggregate of shares in exchange for approximately million pursuant to Subscription Agreements between Legacy
Montana and TEP Montana. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company issued and sold an additional shares of Class A common
stock to investors pursuant to Subscription Agreements executed in the second quarter, which resulted in additional gross proceeds of
approximately million. 

Equity financing 

Legacy Montana completed a preferred equity financing
during February 2023 with TEP Montana, and issued Series B Preferred Units in conjunction with this transaction.
Upon close of the Business combination, these shares were converted to Class A Common stock of the Company. 

options, as converted, exercisable for Class A Common stock to key team members of Legacy Montana. The options immediately
vested, had an exercise price of , as converted, a term of seven years, and a grant date fair value of , as converted.
The Company used the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options. Fair value was estimated at the date
of grant. 

In January, February and March 2024, 13 Legacy
Montana option holders exercised their options to purchase a total of shares of Class A common stock, as converted, for a total
purchase price of . In June 2024, one Legacy Montana option holder exercised its options to purchase a total of shares of
Class A common stock, as converted, for a total purchase price of . 

In September 2024, three Legacy Montana option
holders exercised their options to purchase a total of shares of Class A common stock, as converted, for a total purchase price
of . 

As of September 30, 2024, of the Legacy
Montana options that are outstanding, options expire on , options expire on , 
options expire on , and options expire on . 

2024 Incentive Award Plan 

On March 8, 2024, the holders of XPDB common stock considered and approved
the Montana Technologies Corporation s 2024 Incentive Award Plan (the Incentive Plan and Montana Technologies Corporation s
2024 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP and together with the Incentive Plan, the Incentive Plans ), which
became effective immediately upon the Closing on March 14, 2024. Under the Incentive Plans, the Company may grant equity and equity-based
awards to certain employees, consultants and non-employee directors award, such as, (a) Incentive Stock Options (granted to employees
only) , (b) Non-Qualified Stock Options NSOs ), (c) Stock Appreciation Right SAR ), (d) Restricted Stock Units
(e) Restricted Stock, (f) dividend equivalents and (g) other stock and cash-based awards of the Company Incentive Award ).
The sum of any cash compensation, or other compensation, and the value (determined as of the grant date in accordance with ASC 718, or
any successor thereto) of awards granted to a non-employee director as compensation for services as a non-employee director during any
fiscal year of the Company may not exceed (or, with respect to the first fiscal year of the Post-Combination Company during which
a non-employee director first serves as a non-employee director, ). 

23 

(4) 

September 9, 2024 (3) 

(2) (3) (4) options were forfeited during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

(2) Compensation expense related to these options are included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. 

September 9, 2024 (3) 

(2) Compensation expense related to these options are included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. (3) The vesting commencement date for NSOs
granted on September 9, 2024 is June 6, 2024. Per ASC
718-10-35-2, compensation cost for an award of share-based compensation is recognized over the requisite service period. The
service period for these awards begins on grant date. The Company considered the requirement in ASC 718-10-35-8 when recognizing current
period expense. 

24 

Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividends 

Restricted Stock Units 

September 9, 2024 (3) 

of the total awards granted on each of the first four anniversaries of the applicable vesting commencement date, subject to the applicable employee s continued service through the applicable vesting date. (2) (3) (4) awards were forfeited during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

(2) Compensation expense related to these options are included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. 

25 

September 9, 2024 (3) 

of the total awards granted on each of the first four anniversaries of the applicable vesting commencement date, subject to the applicable recipient s continued service through the applicable vesting date. (2) Compensation expense related to these options are included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. (3) The vesting commencement date for RSUs
granted on September 9, 2024 is June 6, 2024. Per ASC
718-10-35-2, compensation cost for an award of share-based compensation is recognized over the requisite service period. The
service period for these awards begins on grant date. The Company considered the requirement in ASC 718-10-35-8 when recognizing current
period expense. 

True Up Shares liability 

Subject Vesting Shares liability 

Total liabilities 

Earnout Shares 

The Legacy Montana Equityholders have the opportunity
to receive additional equity consideration (in each case, in accordance with their respective pro rata share) through the Earnout Shares.
The maximum value of the Earnout Shares is capped at million Maximum Earnout Milestone Amount and the ability
to receive Earnout Shares expires on the fifth anniversary of the Closing. A majority of the independent members of the Post-Combination
Company Board then serving has sole discretion in determining, among other things, the achievement of the applicable milestones, the calculations
of payments of Earnout Shares to the applicable Legacy Montana Equityholders, the dates on which construction and operational viability
of new production capacity is deemed completed and whether to consent to a transfer of the applicable Legacy Montana Equityholder s
right to receive Earnout Shares. Earnout Shares issuable in respect of Legacy Montana options outstanding as of immediately prior to the
effective time of the Merger may be issued to the holder of such Legacy Montana option only if such holder continues to provide services
(whether as an employee, director or individual independent contractor) to the Post-Combination Company or one of its subsidiaries through
the date on which such Earnout Shares are issued, as determined by a majority of the independent members of the Post-Combination Company
Board. 

26 

of the aggregate Earnout Shares will be payable to the employees and of the aggregate
Earnout Shares will be payable to the holders of Legacy Montana common units, in accordance with their respective pro rata share immediately
following the Closing. 

The settlement of the Earnout Shares to the holders
of Legacy Montana common units contains variations in something other than the fair value of the issuer s equity shares. As such,
management determined that they should be classified as a liability and recognized at fair value at each reporting period with changes
in fair value included in earnings. The Earnout Shares to employees are subject to ASC 718 and are accounted for as post-combination compensation
cost. 

The estimated fair value of the Earnout Shares
was determined with a Monte Carlo simulation using a distribution of potential outcomes for expected EBITDA and stock price at expected
commission dates, utilizing a correlation coefficient for EBITDA and stock price, and assuming million of Annualized EBITDA per production
line, with each of the production lines commissioned over a five-year period. EBITDA was discounted to the valuation date with a weighted
average cost of capital estimate and forecasted to each estimated commission date. Earnout mechanics at each estimated commission date
were assessed, and if the Earnout Thresholds were achieved, the future value of the Earnout Shares was discounted to the valuation date
utilizing a risk-free rate commensurate with the overall term. The commission dates used reflected XPDB s management s best
estimates regarding the time to complete full construction and operational viability of a production line, including all permitting, regulatory
approvals and necessary or useful inspections. The Earnout term of years and the Earnout mechanics which impact the timing of future
cash flows represent contractual inputs. 

Volatility 

Risk free rate of return 

Expected term (in years) 

price represents the Business Combination price. 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024 and March 14, 2024, the
estimated fair value of all the Earnout Shares million and million, respectively) represents approximately and
 Earnout Shares, respectively. The Earnout Shares liability in the preceding table represents the fair value of the contingent
obligation to issue Earnout Shares to Legacy Montana Equityholders (excluding the shares to employees accounted for under ASC 718) upon
the achievement of certain Earnout Milestones. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the change in the fair value of the earnout
liability primarily relates to changes in the timing of cash flows, a decrease in the stock price and an increase in the volatility. 

27 

shares
of Class A common stock to the investor for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, contingent on the Closing
of the Business Combination. The Subscription Agreement provides that, subject to certain conditions set forth therein, the Company may
be required to issue to the investor up to an additional shares of Class A common stock if the trading price of the
Class A common stock falls below the per share purchase price within one year of the Closing of the Business Combination. During the three
months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s volume-weighted average price of the Class A common stock on the Nasdaq as reported
by Bloomberg was less than (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
15 consecutive trading days. As a result of this triggering event, the Company shall issue to the investor a number of shares of Class
A common stock within two business days of the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date. The True Up Shares were accounted for as a liability
recognized at fair value at each reporting period with changes in fair value included in earnings. See Note 11 Fair Value Measurements . 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

The estimated fair value of the true up share
liability was determined utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation, with underlying forecast mathematics based on geometric Brownian motion in
a risk-neutral framework. The Calculation of the value of the True Up Shares considered the 15-day average price over the one-year period
following the Closing Date. 

Subject Vesting Shares liability 

In connection with the execution of the Merger
Agreement and pursuant to the terms of the sponsor support agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement entered into among
the XPDB sponsor (the Sponsor ), XPDB, Legacy Montana and other holders of XPDB s Class B common stock, par
value per share (the XPDB Class B common stock ), the Sponsor and the other holders of XPDB Class B common stock agreed to,
among other things, (i) vote any XPDB Class A common stock, par value per share (the Class A common stock ), of XPDB
or XPDB Class B common stock (collectively, the Sponsor Securities ), held of record or thereafter acquired in favor of the
proposals presented by XPDB at a special meeting to approve the proposed Business Combination, (ii) be bound by certain other covenants
and agreements related to the proposed Business Combination, (iii) be bound by certain transfer restrictions with respect to the Sponsor
Securities and (iv) waive certain antidilution protections with respect to the Sponsor Securities, in each case, on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Sponsor Support Agreement. 

28 

million
(the Performance Vesting Trigger and (ii) up to of the Subject Vesting Shares (including any vested Subject Vesting
Shares from the Performance Vesting Trigger) vesting on any day following the Closing when the closing price of a share of Combined Company
Class A common stock on the Nasdaq (the Closing Share Price equals or exceeds (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) and all remaining Subject Vesting Shares vesting when the Closing Share Price
equals or exceeds (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

The estimated fair value of the Subject Vesting
Share liability was determined utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation, with underlying forecast mathematics based on geometric Brownian motion
in a risk-neutral framework. The calculation of the value of the Subject Vesting Shares considered the and vesting conditions
in addition to the vesting related to the Earnout Milestone Amount. 

Items Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring
Basis 

In addition to items that are measured at fair
value on a recurring basis, the Company measures certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, which are not included
in the table above. As these nonrecurring fair value measurements are generally determined using unobservable inputs, these fair value
measurements are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. For further information see Note 5 Equity Method Investment . 

29 

and was expensed for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively
and and was expensed for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, and , respectively, was accrued by the Company in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance
sheets. 

2025 and each year through the date the patents expire 

Joint Venture Agreement 

On October 27, 2021, Legacy Montana entered into
a joint venture with CATL US Inc. CATL US ), an affiliate of CATL, pursuant to which we and CATL US formed CAMT Climate
Solutions Ltd., a limited liability company organized under the laws of Hong Kong CAMT ). Legacy Montana and CATL US both
own of CAMT s issued and outstanding shares. 

Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Joint Venture
Agreement for CAMT, entered into on September 29, 2023, Legacy Montana and CATL US have each agreed to contribute million to CAMT.
Contributions will be requested by CAMT based on a business plan and operating budgets to be agreed between us and CATL US. Any additional
financing beyond the initial million (i.e., million from each of Legacy Montana and CATL US) will be subject to the prior mutual
agreement of Legacy Montana and CATL US. CAMT is managed by a four-member board of directors, with two directors (including the chairman)
designated by CATL US and two directors (including the vice chairman) designated by Legacy Montana. In the event of an equal vote, the
chairman may cast the deciding vote. Certain reserved matters, including debt issuances exceeding million in a single transaction or
in aggregate within a fiscal year, amendments to CAMT s constitutional documents the annual financial budget of CAMT, and any transaction
between CAMT and CATL US or Legacy Montana in an amount exceeding million in a single transaction or in aggregate within a fiscal
year, require the unanimous vote of both CATL US and Legacy Montana or all directors. As of September 30, 2024, no amount was funded to
CAMT. 

The purpose of Legacy Montana s joint venture with CATL US is
to commercialize our AirJoule technology in Asia and Europe and, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Joint Venture Agreement for CAMT,
CAMT has the exclusive right to commercialize our AirJoule technology in those territories. Subject to the oversight of CAMT s board,
CATL US is responsible for managing the day-to-day operations of CAMT (including the nomination and replacement of the Chief Executive
Officer of CAMT), and is responsible for providing CAMT and any subsidiaries formed by CAMT with, among other things, administrative services,
supply chain support, assistance in obtaining required permits and approvals, and assistance in purchasing or leasing land and equipment.
The Company s financial statements do not reflect any accounting for CAMT as no assets (including IP) or cash have been contributed
to CAMT and there has been no activity as of September 30, 2024. 

Letter Agreement 

On January 7, 2024, the Legacy Montana entered
into a letter agreement (the Letter Agreement with XPDB and Carrier Corporation, an affiliate of Carrier Global
Corporation (NYSE: CARR), a global leader in intelligent climate and energy solutions (collectively with its affiliates, Carrier ),
pursuant to which Carrier, XPDB and the Company agreed, among other things, to provide Carrier the right to nominate one (1) designee,
subject to the approval of the Company, for election to the board of directors for so long as Carrier satisfies certain investment conditions,
following the Business Combination. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, Carrier has nominated its director. 

30 

million of costs were incurred by Legacy Montana related to the AirJoule SOW. These costs are expensed as incurred
and recorded as research and development or general and administrative costs in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Expected
reimbursement of costs as of September 30, 2024 was million and is recorded as a due from related party receivable on the condensed
consolidated balance sheets and within contra-expense accounts on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 

According to ASC 855-10-25-1, an entity shall recognize in the financial
statements the effects of all subsequent events that provide additional evidence about conditions that existed at the date of
the balance sheet, including the estimates inherent in the process of preparing financial statements. Though the SOW was not executed
until November 2024, conditions existed at the date of the balance sheet. Accordingly, the Company has recognized transactions related
to the AirJoule SOW in the financial statements. 

Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock
Conversion 

In November 2024, pursuant to a notice
of conversion delivered by the holder of all outstanding shares of Class B common stock to the Company, all outstanding shares of Class
B common stock were converted on a one-for-one basis into shares of Class A common stock. 

31 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and our audited financial statements
as of the year ended December 31, 2023, included in Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2024 

This discussion includes forward-looking statements within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections
about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us
that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, 
 expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, 
or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations
and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included herein.
Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to: our status as an early stage company with
limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate the prospects for our future viability; our initial dependence on
revenue generated from a single product; significant barriers we face to deploy our technology; the dependence of our commercialization
strategy on our relationship with third parties; our history of losses; accuracy of assumptions underlying projections related to our
equity method goodwill impairment testing; and other risks and uncertainties described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to we , us , our ,
and the Company are intended to refer to (i) following the Business Combination (as defined below), the business and operations
of AirJoule Technologies Corporation, formerly known as Montana Technologies Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, and (ii) prior
to the Business Combination, AirJoule Technologies LLC, formerly known as Montana Technologies LLC (the predecessor entity in existence
prior to the consummation of the Business Combination) and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Company Overview 

We are an atmospheric water harvesting technology
company that aims to provide energy and cost-efficient atmospheric water generation, sustainable dehumidification, and evaporative
cooling. AirJoule is a climate solution technology that harvests the water vapor in the atmosphere and provides pure water in an effort
to combat water scarcity. AirJoule also provides dehumidified air, which can be used for a variety of industrial uses, including HVAC
systems. In a HVAC utilization, our AirJoule technology is designed to reduce energy consumption, minimize/eliminate harmful refrigerants,
and generate material cost efficiencies. We are focused on scaling manufacturing through global joint ventures and deploying AirJoule
units worldwide as a key part of the solution to address water scarcity and global warming. 

Growth Strategy and Outlook 

The AirJoule system seeks to address two of the
world s most problematic issues: rising water stress and increasing demand for comfort cooling. We estimate that our Total Addressable
Market, or TAM, globally is approximately 455 billion, comprised of a TAM in the atmospheric water harvesting sector of approximately
 100 billion and a TAM in the HVAC sector of approximately 355 billion. 

We aim to offer our products and services in global
markets where demand for water security and comfort cooling are highest. In light of our proprietary technology, we believe that we are
uniquely positioned to provide curated solutions that satisfy our customers needs and expectations within the atmospheric water
harvesting and HVAC sectors. Additionally, with several partnerships in place and a rapidly growing pipeline of new opportunities, we
believe that we possess the potential for global scalability at attractive margins. We anticipate that our existing partnerships with
Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, BASF (an international chemical company), and CATL (an international lithium-ion electric vehicle
battery manufacturer) will help accelerate manufacturing of materials and components as well as provide product validation and commercialization. 

32 

Recent Developments 

Change of Company Name 

AirJoule Technologies Corporation 

Effective November 13, 2024, Montana Technologies Corporation changed
its corporate name to AirJoule Technologies Corporation, pursuant to an amended and restated certificate of incorporation filed with the
Delaware Secretary of State. 

AirJoule Technologies LLC 

Effective November 13, 2024, Montana Technologies LLC changed its corporate
name to AirJoule Technologies LLC, pursuant to an amended and restated certificate of incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary
of State. 

Statement of Work Related Party 

In November 2024, we executed a statement of work with AirJoule, LLC
under the Master Services Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2024, by and between us and AirJoule, LLC, pursuant to which we will provide
AirJoule, LLC with engineering and administrative services. Once each calendar year, unless otherwise agreed by the Board of Managers
of AirJoule, LLC, or the AJ Board, we will provide equity awards to AirJoule, LLC employees in amounts approved by the AJ Board. 

Components of Our Results of Operations 

Revenue 

We anticipate that we will earn revenue from the
sale of various key components that will be used in the assembly of AirJoule systems. As of September 30, 2024 no revenue has been earned. 

Operating Expenses 

We classify our operating expenses into the following categories: 

General and administrative: General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses for our executives, consultants and advisors. These expenses also include non-personnel costs, such as rent, office supplies, legal, audit and accounting services and other professional fees. 

Research and development: Research and development expenses include internal personnel, parts, prototypes and third-party consulting costs related to preliminary research and development of our products. 

Sales and marketing: Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of business development professional fees, advertising and marketing costs. 

Transaction costs incurred in connection with business combination: Transaction costs represent the initial recognition of the earnout shares liability and fees incurred for financial advisory, legal and other professional services that were directly related to the Business Combination. 

Depreciation and amortization: Depreciation and amortization expense consists of depreciation of property and equipment. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Management s discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations is based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions that we believe are reasonable based upon the information available. These estimates
and assumptions can be subjective and complex and may affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues, and expenses reported
in those financial statements. As a result, actual results could differ from such estimates and assumptions. Such changes to estimates
could potentially result in impacts that would be material to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

33 

While our significant accounting policies are
described in more detail in Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements appearing in Item 1 to this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q, we believe that the following accounting policies were most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Share-Based Compensation 

We account for share-based compensation arrangements
granted to employees in accordance with ASC 718, Share-based Compensation , by measuring the grant date fair value of the award
and recognizing the resulting expense over the period during which the employee is required to perform services in exchange for the award.
Equity-based compensation expense is only recognized for awards subject to performance conditions if it is probable that the performance
condition will be achieved. We account for forfeitures when they occur. 

We estimate the fair value of stock option awards
subject to only a service condition on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The Black-Scholes model requires the
use of highly subjective and complex assumptions, including the option s expected term, price volatility of the underlying stock,
risk-free interest rate, and the expected dividend yield of the underlying common stock, as well as an estimate of the fair value of the
common stock underlying the award. 

We estimate the fair value of Earnout Shares awards
to employees, which are considered compensatory awards and accounted for under ASC 718 using the Monte-Carlo simulation model . The
Monte-Carlo simulation model was selected as the valuation methodology for the Earnout Shares due to the path-dependent nature of triggering
events. Under ASC 718, such Earnout shares are measured at fair value as of the grant date and expense is recognized over the applicable
time-based vesting period (the triggering event is a market condition and does not impact expense recognition). The Monte-Carlo model
requires the use of highly subjective and complex assumptions, estimates and judgements, including the current stock price, volatility
of the underlying stock, expected term the risk-free interest rate, the selection of comparable companies, and the probability of possible
future events. Changes in any or all of these estimates and assumptions or the relationships between those assumptions impact our valuations
as of each valuation date and may have a material impact on the valuation of Common Stock. An increase of 100-basis points in interest
rates would not have a material impact on our stock-based compensation. During the period from the date of the Business Combination through
September 30, 2024 we did not record stock-based compensation expense associated with these Earnout Shares as the performance conditions
associated with these Earnout Shares were not deemed probable of achievement. Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense for these
Earnout Shares with a performance-based vesting condition that was not deemed probable of occurring as of September 30, 2024 was 4.5
million which is expected to vest subject to the performance-based vesting condition being satisfied or deemed probable. 

Earnout Shares Liability 

In connection with the reverse recapitalization
and pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, eligible former Legacy Montana Equityholders are entitled to receive the Earnout Shares
upon us achieving certain Earnout Milestones (as described in the Merger Agreement). The settlement of the Earnout Shares to the holders
of Legacy Montana common units contain variations in something other than the fair value of the issuer s equity shares. As such,
management determined that they should be classified as a liability and recognized at fair value at each reporting period with changes
in fair value included in earnings. 

We estimated fair value of the Earnout Shares
with a Monte Carlo simulation using a distribution of potential outcomes for expected earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and
amortization, or EBITDA, and stock price at expected commission dates, utilizing a correlation coefficient for EBITDA and stock price,
and assuming 50 million of Annualized EBITDA per production line, with each of the production lines commissioned over a five-year period.
EBITDA was discounted to the valuation date with a weighted average cost of capital estimate and forecasted to each estimated commission
date. Earnout mechanics at each estimated commission date were assessed, and if the Earnout Thresholds were achieved, the future value
of the Earnout Shares was discounted to the valuation date utilizing a risk-free rate commensurate with the overall term. Expected EBITDA
assumes that each production line will achieve equivalent production generating 50 million of Annualized EBITDA. The commission dates
used reflected management s best estimates regarding the time to complete full construction and operational viability of a production
line, including all permitting, regulatory approvals and necessary or useful inspections. The Earnout term of 5 years and the Earnout
mechanics represent contractual inputs. The contingent Earnout Shares liability involves certain assumptions requiring significant judgment
and actual results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. 

34 

Derivative Financial Instruments and Other
Financial Instruments Carried at Fair Value 

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge
exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of its financial instruments, including the True Up Shares
issued in connection with the Subscription Agreement and the Subject Vesting Shares issued in connection with the Business Combination,
to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 (defined
below) and FASB ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, or ASC 815. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments
should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is reassessed at the end of each reporting period. 

The True Up Shares issued under the Subscription
Agreement do not qualify as equity under ASC 815; therefore, the Class A common stock, or the True Up Shares is required to be classified
as a liability and measured at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recorded in earnings. Changes in the estimated fair value
of the derivative liability is recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The fair
value of the derivative liability is discussed in Note 11 - Fair Value Measurements . 

The Subject Vesting Shares liability was an assumed
liability of XPDB. The Subject Vesting Shares liability vest and are no longer subject to forfeiture as described in Note 4 - Recapitalization .
They do not meet the fixed-for-fixed criterion and thus are not considered indexed to the issuer s stock. As such,
management determined that the Subject Vesting Shares should be classified as a liability and recognized at fair value at each reporting
period with changes in fair value included in earnings. The estimated fair value of the Subject Vesting Share liability was determined
utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation, with underlying forecast mathematics based on geometric Brownian motion in a risk-neutral framework.
The Calculation of the value of the Subject Vesting Shares considered the 12.00 and 14.00 vesting conditions in addition to the vesting
related to the Earnout Milestone Amount. The Subject Vesting Shares liability involves certain assumptions requiring significant judgment
and actual results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. See Note 11 Fair Value Measurements . 

Business Combinations 

We evaluate whether acquired net assets should
be accounted for as a business combination or an asset acquisition by first applying a screen test to determine whether substantially
all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets.
If so, the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition. If not, we apply judgement to determine whether the acquired net assets
meet the definition of a business by considering if the set includes an acquired input, process, and the ability to create outputs. 

We account for business combinations using
the acquisition method of accounting whereby the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired business, including contingent consideration,
as well as any non-controlling interest in the acquired business, are recorded at their estimated fair values as of the date that we obtain
control of the acquired business. We measure goodwill as the fair value of the consideration transferred including the fair value
of any non-controlling interest recognized, less the net recognized amount of the identifiable assets and liabilities combined, all measured
at their fair value as of the acquisition date. Transaction costs, other than those associated with the issuance of debt or equity securities,
that we incur in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred. 

Any contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the acquisition
date. For contingent consideration that does not meet all the criteria for equity classification, such contingent consideration is required
to be recorded at its initial fair value at the acquisition date, and on each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated
fair value of liability-classified contingent consideration are recognized on the condensed consolidated statements of operations in the
period of change. 

Several valuation methods may be used to determine
the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. For intangible assets, we typically use a variation of the income approach,
whereby a forecast of future cash flows attributable to the asset is discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate.
Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the income approach include the amount and timing of projected future
cash flows, the discount rate selected to measure the risks inherent in the future cash flows, and the assessment of the asset s
expected useful life. When the initial accounting for a business combination has not been finalized by the end of the reporting period
in which the transaction occurs, we report provisional amounts. Provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period, which
does not exceed one year from the acquisition date. These adjustments, or recognition of additional assets or liabilities, reflect new
information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts
recognized at that date. 

35 

Equity Method Investment 

In accordance with ASC 323, Investments
- Equity Method and Joint Ventures , investments in entities over which we do not have a controlling financial interest but has significant
influence are accounted for using the equity method, with our share of earnings or losses reported in earnings or losses from equity method
investments on the statements of operations. 

Under the equity method of
accounting, our investment is initially recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. Upon initial investment, we evaluate
whether there are basis differences between the carrying value and fair value of our proportionate share of the investee s underlying
net assets. Typically, we amortize basis differences identified on a straight-line basis over the underlying assets estimated useful
lives when calculating the attributable earnings or losses, excluding the basis differences attributable to in-process research and development
and goodwill. If we are unable to attribute all of the basis differences to specific assets or liabilities of the investee, the residual
excess of the cost of the investment over the proportional fair value of the investee s assets and liabilities is considered to
be equity method goodwill and is recognized within the equity investment balance, which is tracked separately within our memo accounts.
We subsequently record in the statements of operations our share of income or loss of the other entity within other income/expense, which
results in an increase or decrease to the carrying value of our investment. If the share of losses exceeds the carrying value of our investment,
we will suspend recognizing additional losses and will continue to do so unless we commit to providing additional funding. 

We evaluate our equity method
investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that a decline in value has occurred that is other than
temporary. Evidence considered in this evaluation includes, but would not necessarily be limited to, the financial condition and near-term
prospects of the investee, recent operating trends and forecasted performance of the investee, market conditions in the geographic area
or industry in which the investee operates and our strategic plans for holding the investment in relation to the period of time expected
for an anticipated recovery of its carrying value. If the investment is determined to have a decline in value deemed to be other than
temporary it is written down to estimated fair value. 

Additionally, if an equity
method investee recognizes a goodwill impairment charge in its separate financial statements, we will recognize its share of the impairment
in its financial statements in the same manner in which it recognizes other earnings of the investee. 

Warrants 

We determine the accounting classification of
warrants it issues as either liability or equity classified by first assessing whether the warrants meet liability classification in accordance
with ASC 480-10, Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity , or ASC 480,
then in accordance with ASC 815-40, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in, a Company s
Own Stock , or ASC 815. In order for a warrant to be classified in stockholders deficit, the warrant must be (i) indexed
to our equity and (ii) meet the conditions for equity classification. 

If a warrant does not meet the conditions for
stockholders deficit classification, it is carried on the condensed consolidated balance sheets as a warrant liability measured
at fair value, with subsequent changes in the fair value of the warrant recorded in other non-operating losses (gains) in the condensed
consolidated statements of operations. If a warrant meets both conditions for equity classification, the warrant is initially recorded,
at its relative fair value on the date of issuance, in stockholders deficit in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, and the
amount initially recorded is not subsequently remeasured at fair value. 

Income Taxes 

Prior to the Business Combination on March 14,
2024, we were a limited liability company, or LLC, and treated as a partnership for income tax purpose. As a Partnership, we were not
directly liable for federal income taxes. As of the date of the Business Combination, the operations of the Company ceased to be taxed
as a partnership resulting in a change in tax status for federal and state income tax purposes. 

We follow the asset and liability method of accounting
for income taxes under ASC 740, Income Taxes , or ASC 740. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect
on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that is included in the enactment
date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and
a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities.
We recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. Management has evaluated our
tax positions, including its previous status as a pass-through entity for federal and state tax purposes, and has determined that we have
taken no uncertain tax positions that require adjustment to the condensed consolidated financial statements. Our reserves related to uncertain
tax positions was zero as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued
for interest and penalties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. We are currently not aware of any issues under review that
could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

36 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

A discussion of recently issued accounting standards
applicable to the Company is described in Note 3 - Significant Accounting Policies , in the Notes to Financial Statements contained
elsewhere in this Current Report on Form 10-Q. 

Results of Operations 

The following tables set forth the results of
our operations for the periods presented, as well as the changes between periods. The period-to-period comparison of financial results
is not necessarily indicative of future results. 

The three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 

The following table sets forth the Company s
condensed consolidated statements of operations data for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 

Cost and expenses: 

General and administrative 
 2,438,227 
 3,570,892 
 (1,132,665 
 6,462,671 
 5,602,081 
 860,590 
 
 Research and development 
 (87,147 
 814,749 
 (901,896 
 1,809,814 
 2,518,836 
 (709,022 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 23,639 
 167,890 
 (144,251 
 136,205 
 306,466 
 (170,261 
 
 Transaction costs incurred in connection with business combination 

54,693,103 
 
 54,693,103 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2,136 
 1,086 
 1,050 
 4,437 
 3,256 
 1,181 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (2,376,855 
 (4,554,617 
 (2,177,762 
 (63,106,230 
 (8,430,639 
 54,675,591 

Other income (expense): 

Interest Income 
 374,051 
 6,264 
 367,787 
 616,677 
 9,815 
 606,862 
 
 Gain on contribution to AirJoule, LLC 

333,500,000 
 
 333,500,000 
 
 Equity loss from investment in AirJoule, LLC 
 (2,336,554 
 
 (2,336,554 
 (2,943,724 
 
 (2,943,724 
 
 Change in fair value of Earnout Shares liability 
 31,759,000 
 
 31,759,000 
 37,151,000 
 
 37,151,000 
 
 Change in fair value of True Up Shares liability 
 (1,866,000 
 
 (1,866,000 
 (1,733,000 
 
 (1,733,000 
 
 Change in fair value of Subject Vesting Shares liability 
 8,188,000 
 
 8,188,000 
 7,522,000 
 
 7,522,000 
 
 Gain on settlement of legal fees 

2,207,445 
 
 2,207,445 
 
 Other income 
 6,921 
 
 6,921 
 6,921 
 
 6,921 
 
 Total other income, net 
 36,125,418 
 6,264 
 36,119,154 
 376,327,319 
 9,815 
 376,317,504 

Income (loss) before income taxes 
 33,748,563 
 (4,548,353 
 38,296,916 
 313,221,089 
 (8,420,824 
 321,641,913 
 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 1,268,295 
 
 1,268,295 
 (83,219,044 
 
 (83,219,044 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 35,016,858 
 (4,548,353 
 39,565,211 
 230,002,045 
 (8,420,824 
 238,422,869 

37 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September
30, 2024 was 2.4 million as compared to 3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 1.1 million decrease was primarily
related to increases in professional services such as legal, audit and accounting services offset by the reimbursement of costs incurred
per the statement of work with AirJoule, LLC. Refer to Note 13 Subsequent Events for further detail. We expect that our
general and administrative expenses will increase in future periods commensurate with the expected growth of our business and increased
expenditures associated with our status as an exchange-listed public company. 

General and administrative expenses for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.5 million as compared to 5.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 0.9 million
increase was primarily related to increases in professional services such as legal and audit and accounting offset by the reimbursement
of costs incurred per the statement of work with AirJoule, LLC. Refer to Note 13 Subsequent Events for further detail.
We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in future periods commensurate with the expected growth of our business
and increased expenditures associated with our status as an exchange listed public company. 

Research and Development 

Research and Development expenses for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 was (0.1) million as compared to 0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 0.9
million decrease was primarily related to the reimbursement of costs per the statement of work with AirJoule, LLC. Refer to Note 13 
 Subsequent Events for further detail. 

Research and Development expenses for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.8 million as compared to 2.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 0.7 million
decrease in research and development was primarily related to the reimbursement of costs incurred per the statement of work with AirJoule,
LLC, partially offset by an increase in personnel and prototype related costs as the Company continues to develop its products and technology.
We expect that our research and development expenses will increase in future periods commensurate with the expected growth of our business. 

Sales and Marketing 

Sales and marketing for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 was 23,639 as compared to 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. In 2023, we incurred non-recurring
expenses related to business development that ended in July 2023. We expect that our sales and marketing expenses will increase in future
periods commensurate with the expected growth of our business. 

Sales and marketing for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 was 0.1 million as compared to 0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In 2023, we incurred non-recurring
expenses related to business development that ended in July 2023. We expect that our sales and marketing expenses will increase in future
periods commensurate with the expected growth of our business. 

Transaction costs incurred in connection with
business combination 

Transaction costs incurred in connection with
the business combination include the non-cash recognition of earnout liabilities of approximately 53.7 million and transaction costs
incurred by Legacy Montana of approximately 1.0 million, which were paid in 2024. 

38 

Depreciation and amortization 

Depreciation expense for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 2,136 and 1,086, respectively. Depreciation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023 was 4,437 and 3,256, respectively. 

Interest Income 

Interest income was 0.4 million and 0.6 million,
respectively for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 6,264 and 9,815 for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2023. This is a result of the increase in our cash balance. 

Gain on contribution to AirJoule, LLC 

An equity method investment received in exchange
for noncash consideration is measured at fair value. As a result, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a gain of
 333.5 million on the contribution to AirJoule, LLC for the difference between our zero carrying value and the fair value of the perpetual
license to intellectual property that we transferred to AirJoule, LLC. 

We determined the fair value of the intellectual
property by applying the multi-period excess earnings method, which involved the use of significant estimates and assumptions related
to forecasted revenue growth rate and customer attrition rate, Level 3 measurements. Valuation specialists were used to develop and evaluate
the appropriateness of the multi-period excess earnings method, our discount rates, attrition rate and fair value estimates using its
cash flow projections. 

Equity loss from investment in AirJoule, LLC 

As previously noted, on January 25, 2024, AirJoule Technologies, LLC
entered into a joint venture with GE Ventures LLC, the AirJoule JV which closed on March 4, 2024. For the three months ended September
30, 2024 and for the period from March 4, 2024 to September 30, 2024, we recognized a loss of 2.3 million and 3.0 million, respectively
from our 50 equity investment in the AirJoule JV. 

Change in fair value of Earnout Shares liability 

Upon consummation of the Business Combination,
we expensed approximately 53.7 million in Earnout Shares liability. The change in fair value of 31.8 million and 37.2 million for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, is due to a decrease in the estimated fair value of the liability and is recognized as
a gain in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the liability decreased primarily due changes in the
valuation inputs, mainly a change in the timing of future cash flows, a decrease in the stock price and an increase in the volatility. 

Change in fair value of True Up Shares liability 

Upon consummation of the Business Combination,
we assumed approximately 0.6 million in earnout true up shares liability. The change in fair value of the liability of (1.9) million
and (1.7) million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, is due to a decrease in our stock price. The
increase in the estimated fair value of the liability was recognized as a loss in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

39 

Change in fair value of Subject Vesting Shares
liability 

Upon consummation of the Business Combination,
we assumed approximately 11.8 million for the subject vesting shares liability. The change in fair value of income of 8.2 million and
 7.5 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, is due to a decrease in the estimated fair value
of the liability recognized as a gain in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the liability decreased
primarily due changes in the valuation inputs, mainly a change in the timing of future cash flows, a decrease in the stock price and an
increase in the volatility. 

Gain on settlement of legal fees 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we recognized a gain on the settlement of legal fees related to the transaction costs of the Business Combination. There were no such
gains in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, income tax benefit (expense) was 1.3 million and (83.2) million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, our contribution of a perpetual license to AirJoule, LLC s intellectual property was measured at fair value resulted in
a book gain and a temporary difference between book and taxable income. The temporary difference resulted in the recognition of a deferred
tax expense and deferred tax liabilities of approximately 87.8 million. This expense was partially offset by the recognition of deferred
tax assets in connection with the Company now being a corporation through the Business Combination. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary sources of liquidity have been cash
from contributions from founders or equity capital raised from other investors. We had retained earnings of approximately 212.8 million
as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had 29.1 million of working capital including 30.7 million in cash, cash equivalents
and restricted cash. 

We assesses its liquidity in terms of its ability
to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet current and future needs. Its expected primary uses of cash on a short and long-term basis
are for working capital requirements, capital expenditures and other general corporate services. Our primary working capital requirements
are for project execution activities including purchases of materials, services and payroll which fluctuate during the year, driven primarily
by the timing and extent of activities required for new and existing projects. Management expects that future operating losses and negative
operating cash flows may increase from historical levels because of additional costs and expenses related to the development of its technology
and the development of market and strategic relationships with other businesses and customers. 

With the consummation of the Business Combination
and Subscription Agreements (as described above and in Note 4 Recapitalization ), we received gross proceeds of approximately
 43.4 million in the first quarter of 2024 and approximately 6.0 million in May 2024. Additionally, in June 2024, we received gross proceeds
of approximately 12.4 million from existing and new investors for 1,238,500 million shares of Class A common stock pursuant to an Additional
Subscription Agreement entered into on June 5, 2024. 

Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including,
the timing and extent of spending to support the launch of its product and research and development efforts, the degree to which it is
successful in launching new business initiatives and the cost associated with these initiatives, and the growth of our business generally.
Pursuant to the A R Joint Venture Agreement, we contributed 10 million in cash to the AirJoule JV at the JV Closing and in June 2024,
GE Vernova contributed 100 to the AirJoule JV. We has also agreed to contribute up to an additional 90 million in capital contributions
to the AirJoule JV following the JV Closing based on a business plan and annual operating budgets to be agreed between the Company and
GE Vernova. In general, for the first six years, GE Vernova has the right, but not the obligation, to make capital contributions to the
AirJoule JV. 

In order to finance these opportunities and associated
costs, it is possible that we would need to raise additional financing if the proceeds realized to date are insufficient to support its
business needs. While we believe that the proceeds realized to date will be sufficient to meet its currently contemplated business needs,
management cannot assure that this will be the case. If additional financing is required by us from outside sources, we may not be able
to raise it on terms acceptable to it or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed, its product
development business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. 

40 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

In October 2021, we entered into a patent
license agreement with a third party whereby the third party granted us rights to use certain of their patents in exchange for an upfront
payment and royalties based on a percentage of net sales until such patents expire. In connection with this, we agreed to a minimum royalty
amount of which 62,500 and 37,500 was expensed for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and 187,500 and
 112,500 was expensed for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
 187,500 and 150,000, respectively, was accrued in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

Future minimum royalties are as follows as of
September 30, 2024: 

Remainder of 2024 
 62,500 
 
 2025 and each year through the date the patents expire 
 300,000 

Joint Venture Agreement 

On October 27, 2021, we entered into a joint
venture agreement with CATL US, an affiliate of CATL, pursuant to which we and CATL US formed CAMT, a limited liability company organized
under the laws of Hong Kong. Legacy Montana and CATL US each own 50 of CAMT s issued and outstanding shares. 

Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Joint Venture Agreement for CAMT,
entered into on September 29, 2023 Legacy Montana and CATL US have each agreed to contribute 6 million to CAMT. Contributions will be
requested by CAMT based on a business plan and operating budgets to be agreed between us and CATL US. Any additional financing beyond
the initial 12 million (i.e., 6 million from each of Legacy Montana and CATL US) will be subject to the prior mutual agreement of Legacy
Montana and CATL US. CAMT is managed by a four-member board of directors, with two directors (including the chairman) designated by CATL
US and two directors (including the vice chairman) designated by Legacy Montana. In the event of an equal vote, the chairman may cast
the deciding vote. Certain reserved matters, including debt issuances exceeding 5 million in a single transaction or in aggregate within
a fiscal year, amendments to CAMT s constitutional documents the annual financial budget of CAMT, and any transaction between CAMT
and CATL US or Legacy Montana in an amount exceeding 10 million in a single transaction or in aggregate within a fiscal year, require
the unanimous vote of both CATL US and Legacy Montana or all directors. As of September 30, 2024, we have not funded this joint venture
or contributed any assets to the joint venture. 

The purpose of Legacy Montana s joint venture with CATL US is
to commercialize our AirJoule technology in Asia and Europe and, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Joint Venture Agreement for CAMT,
CAMT has the exclusive right to commercialize AirJoule technology in those territories. Subject to the oversight of CAMT s board,
CATL US is responsible for managing the day-to-day operations of CAMT (including the nomination and replacement of the Chief Executive
Officer of CAMT), and is responsible for providing CAMT and any subsidiaries formed by CAMT with, among other things, administrative services,
supply chain support, assistance in obtaining required permits and approvals and assistance in purchasing or leasing land and equipment. 

Cash flows for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 

The following table summarizes our cash flows
from operating, investing and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (21,561,224 
 (4,047,533 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (10,016,031 
 (98,950 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 61,889,003 
 264,441 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 30,311,748 
 (3,882,042 

41 

Net Cash used in operating activities 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
net cash used in operating activities was 21.6 million and primarily reflected our net income from operations and decreases in accounts
payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
net cash used in operating activities was 4.0 million and primarily reflected our net loss from operations offset by an increase in accounts
payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities. 

Net Cash used in investing activities 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
net cash used in investing activities was 10.0 million as a result of the Company s contribution made to AirJoule, LLC. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
minimal cash was used in investing activities. 

Net Cash flows provided by financing activities 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
net cash provided by financing activities was 61.9 million and primarily related to proceeds from the issuance of Legacy Montana common
stock related to private placements prior to the Merger and the exercise of stock options and warrants and the issuance of common stock
to PIPE investors. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
minimal cash was provided by financing activities. 

Off balance sheet arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as of September 30, 2024. 

Emerging Growth Company Status 

We are an emerging growth company as defined in
the JOBS Act. The JOBS Act permits companies with emerging growth company status to take advantage of an extended transition period to
comply with new or revised accounting standards, delaying the adoption of these accounting standards until they would apply to private
companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period to enable it to comply with new or revised accounting standards that
have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth
company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opts out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our
financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with the new or revised accounting standards as of public company
effective dates. 

In addition, we intend to rely on the other exemptions
and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging
growth company, we intend to rely on such exemptions, we are not required to, among other things: (i) provide an auditor s
attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act; (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information
about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis); and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation-related
items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the Chief Executive Officer s compensation
to median employee compensation. 

42 

We will remain an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act until the earliest of (i) the last day of our first fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the closing
of XPDB s initial public offering, (ii) the last date of our fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at
least 1.235 billion, (iii) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of
the SEC with at least 700.0 million of outstanding securities held by non-affiliates or (iv) the date on which we have issued
more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the previous three years. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of its disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act,
as amended (the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, due to the material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting, which pertains to internal controls over complex accounting issues, including the application of the reverse
recapitalization accounting for the Business Combination and the VIE accounting for the AirJoule JV. As a result, we performed additional
analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with US GAAP.
Accordingly, management believes that the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q present fairly
in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management intends to implement remediation steps
to improve our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we intend to expand
and improve our review process for complex transactions. We are currently considering remedial procedures, including enhancing access
to accounting literature, identifying third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications, and considering
the addition of staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

During the most recently completed fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2024, other than noted above, there were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

43 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are and, from time to time, we may become involved
in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any other
legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are subject to various risks and uncertainties
in the course of our business. As a result of the closing of the Business Combination, the risk factors previously disclosed in part I,
Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 no longer apply. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties
relating to our business following the Business Combination, please see below as well as the section in our Registration Statement on
Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 12, 2024 (as amended) (the Form S-1 titled Risk Factors . As of the date
hereof, other than as disclosed below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the Form S-1, other than as
updated by the information appearing in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed following the Form
S-1. Any of the factors referenced below or the factors disclosed in the Form S-1 or any such subsequent Form 10-Qs in the section titled
 Risk Factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition,
and additional risks could arise that may also affect our business. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional
risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

We may incur impairment charges related to the carrying
value of our equity method investment in the AirJoule JV, which could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and the price of our securities. 

We regularly evaluate the
carrying value of our equity method investment in the AirJoule JV, and we may incur an impairment charge if we determine that the carrying
value of such investment exceeds the fair value. For example, if the AirJoule JV recognizes a goodwill impairment charge in its separate
financial statements, we would be required to impair the value of our investment in the AirJoule JV. 

The AirJoule JV tests its
goodwill for impairment annually on October 1 and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that a potential goodwill
impairment exists. Asset impairment evaluations with respect to goodwill are, by nature, highly subjective. The use of
different estimates and assumptions could result in materially different carrying values of the AirJoule JV s assets, which could
impact the need to record an impairment charge and the amount of any charge taken. If AirJoule JV s assumptions, including
timing of revenue generation and forecasted EBITDA, are not achieved, then the AirJoule JV may be required to record goodwill impairment charges
in future periods. It is not possible at this time to determine if any such future impairment charge would result or, if it does, whether
such charge would be material. 

Though any impairment we may be required to incur
in the future would be a non-cash charge and therefore not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report a charge
of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about our business or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature
may hinder our ability to obtain future financing on favorable terms or at all. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
no shares of capital stock were sold by the Company without registration under the Securities Act. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no
director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company adopted or terminated a 10b5-1 trading
agreement or 10b5-1 trading agreement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

44 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Report. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 5, 2023, by and among Montana Technologies LLC, XPDB Merger Sub, LLC and Power Digital Infrastructure Acquisition II Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 5, 2023). 
 
 2.2 
 
 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 5, 2024, by and among Power Digital Infrastructure Acquisition II Corp., Montana Technologies LLC and XPDB Merger Sub LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2024). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AirJoule Technologies Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2024) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of AirJoule Technologies Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 13, 2024) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Public Warrant Agreement, dated December 9, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Private Warrant Agreement, dated December 9, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2021). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit) 

Filed or furnished herewith. 

The information in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (including this Annual Report), unless the Registrant specifically incorporates the foregoing information into those documents by reference. 

45 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AIRJOULE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Stephen S. Pang 

Name: 
 Stephen S. Pang 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

46 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021990701ex31-1_airjoule.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 

 RULES 13-a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Matthew Jore, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of AirJoule Technologies Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 [Omitted]; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Matthew Jore 

Matthew Jore 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021990701ex31-2_airjoule.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 

 RULES 13-a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Stephen S. Pang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of AirJoule Technologies Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 [Omitted]; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Stephen S. Pang 

Stephen S. Pang 
Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021990701ex32-1_airjoule.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of AirJoule Technologies Corporation (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Matthew Jore 

Matthew Jore 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021990701ex32-2_airjoule.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of AirJoule Technologies Corporation (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Stephen S. Pang 

Stephen S. Pang 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 airj-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 airj-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 airj-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 airj-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 airj-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

