<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1530721_0001530721-24-000125.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9799586</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>152787</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1703674</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3513806</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2161084</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2060966</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001530721-24-000125.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107161324
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001530721-24-000125
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Capri Holdings Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001530721
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LEATHER & LEATHER PRODUCTS [3100]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0329

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35368
		FILM NUMBER:		241435862

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 WHITFIELD STREET
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			W1T 4EZ
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44 207 632 8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 WHITFIELD STREET
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			W1T 4EZ

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Michael Kors Holdings Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110920

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001530721-24-000125.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 cpri-20240928.htm
 10-Q

cpri-20240928 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 As of October 31, 2024, Capri Holdings Limited had ordinary shares outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) as of September 28 , 2024 and March 30, 2024 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income (unaudited) for the three and six months ended September 28 , 2024 and September 30 , 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (unaudited) for the three and six months ended September 28 , 2024 and September 30 , 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the six months ended September 28 , 2024 and September 30 , 2023 
 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 9 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 54 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 55 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 56 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 56 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 57 
 Signatures 
 58 

2 

Special Note on Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains statements which are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are prospective in nature and are not based on historical facts, but rather on current expectations and projections of management of Capri Holdings Limited Capri or the Company about future events and are therefore subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts included herein, may be forward-looking statements. Without limitation, any statements preceded or followed by or that include the words plans , believes , expects , intends , will , should , could , would , may , anticipates , might or similar words or phrases, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future financial performance. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect expected results and are based on certain key assumptions, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied in any forward-looking statements, including regarding the proposed merger with Tapestry, Inc. (the Merger ). These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, our ability to respond to changing fashion, consumer traffic and retail trends; fluctuations in demand for our products; high consumer debt levels, recession and inflationary pressures; loss of market share and increased competition; reductions in our wholesale channel; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other unforeseen epidemics, pandemics, disasters or catastrophes; levels of cash flow and future availability of credit, Capri's ability to successfully execute its growth strategies; departure of key employees or failure to attract and retain highly qualified personnel; risks associated with operating in international markets and global sourcing activities, including disru ptions or delays in manufacturing or shipments; the risk of cybersecurity threats and privacy or data security breaches; extreme weather conditions and natural disasters; general economic, political, business or market conditions; acts of war and other geopolitical conflicts; the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the "District Court") decision to grant the U.S. Federal Trade Commission's ("FTC") motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the Merger pending the completion of the FTC's in-house administrative proceeding (the "Preliminary Injunction"); the risk that the parties to the merger agreement may not be successful in their efforts to appeal the Preliminary Injunction and that the appeal may not be heard on a timely basis; the occurrence of any other event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement entered into in connection with the proposed Merger; the risk that the parties to the merger agreement may not be able to satisfy the conditions to the proposed Merger in a timely manner or at all; the risk that if the merger agreement terminates our remedy may be limited to reimbursement of certain expenses or we may not be entitled to receive any reimbursement; risks related to disruption of management time from ongoing business operations due to the proposed Merger; the risk that any announcements relating to the proposed Merger (including the Preliminary Injunction and appeal process) could have adverse effects on the market price of Capri's ordinary shares; the significant costs, expenses and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the proposed Merger; the risk of any litigation relating to the proposed Merger; the risk that the proposed Merger could have an adverse effect on the ability of Capri to retain and maintain relationships with customers, suppliers and other business partners and retain and hire key personnel and on its operating results and business generally, as well as those risks that are outlined in Capri s disclosure filings and materials, which you can find on http://www.capriholdings.com, such as its Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-K reports that have been filed with the SEC. Please consult these documents for a more complete understanding of these risks and uncertainties. Any forward-looking statement in this report speaks only as of the date made and Capri disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking or other statements contained herein other than in accordance with legal and regulatory obligations. 
 3 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) September 28, 2024 March 30, 2024 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued payroll and payroll related expenses Accrued income taxes Short-term operating lease liabilities Short-term debt Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Long-term debt Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 28, 2024; shares issued and outstanding at March 30, 2024 
 Treasury shares, at cost shares at September 28, 2024 and shares at March 30, 2024) 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Retained earnings Total shareholders equity of Capri Noncontrolling interest Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total revenue Cost of goods sold Gross profit 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Impairment of assets Restructuring and other expense (income) ) Total operating expenses (Loss) income from operations ) ) Other income, net ) Interest (income) expense, net ) ) Foreign currency (gain) loss ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) (Benefit) provision for income taxes ) ) Net income Less: Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net income attributable to Capri Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Net income per ordinary share attributable to Capri: Basic Diluted Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income: Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Net loss on derivatives ) ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Less: Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Capri ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In millions, except share data which is in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Ordinary Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Retained Earnings Total Equity of Capri Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Balance at June 29, 2024 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) Vesting of restricted awards, net of forfeitures Share-based compensation expense Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Ordinary Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Retained Earnings Total Equity of Capri Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Balance at March 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Vesting of restricted awards, net of forfeitures Share-based compensation expense Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) ) 

6 

CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In millions, except share data which is in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Ordinary Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Retained Earnings Total Equity of Capri Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Balance at July 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total comprehensive income Vesting of restricted awards, net of forfeitures Share-based compensation expense Repurchase of ordinary shares ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 Ordinary Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Retained Earnings Total Equity of Capri Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Balance at April 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total comprehensive income Vesting of restricted awards, net of forfeitures Exercise of employee share options Share-based compensation expense Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) Impairment of assets Changes to lease related balances, net ) ) Foreign currency (gain) loss ) Other non-cash adjustments Change in assets and liabilities: Receivables, net ) Inventories, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) ) Other long-term assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) Cash paid for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Debt borrowings Debt repayments ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) Exercise of employee share options Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Beginning of period End of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid for interest Net cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities Accrued capital expenditures 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 reportable segments: Versace, Jimmy Choo and Michael Kors. See Note 17 for additional information. 
 
 2. 
 9 

3. 
 Seasonality 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 Included in the Company s cash and cash equivalents as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024 are credit card receivables of million and million, respectively, which generally settle within two to three business days. 
 Restricted cash included within prepaid expenses and other current assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown on the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 Inventories 
 The combined total of raw materials and work in process recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets was million and million as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 10 

Leases 
 
 , generally require fixed rent payments and may require the payment of additional rent if store sales exceed a negotiated amount. Although most of the Company s equipment is owned, the Company has limited equipment leases that expire on various dates through December 2028. The Company acts as sublessor in certain leasing arrangements, primarily related to closed stores under its restructuring initiatives, as defined in Note 9. The Company recognizes sublease income on a straight-line basis over the sublease term. The Company determines the sublease term based on the date it provides possession to the subtenant through the expiration date of the sublease. 
 
 The Company recognizes operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities at the lease commencement date, based on the present value of fixed lease payments over the expected lease term. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rates to determine the present value of fixed lease payments based on the information available at the lease commencement date, as the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable for the Company s leases. The Company s incremental borrowing rates are based on the term of the leases, the economic environment of the leases and reflect the expected interest rate it would incur to 
 11 

During the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recorded sublease income of million and million, respectively, within selling, general and administrative expenses. During the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded sublease income of million and million, respectively, within selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Net Income per Share 
 12 

Denominator: Basic weighted average shares Weighted average dilutive share equivalents: Share options, restricted stock units, and performance restricted stock units Diluted weighted average shares Basic net income per share (1) 
 Diluted net income per share (1) 

(1) Basic and diluted net income per share are calculated using unrounded numbers. 
 During the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, share equivalents of and shares, respectively, have been excluded from the above calculations due to their anti-dilutive effect. Share equivalents of and shares have been excluded from the above calculations for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, due to their anti-dilutive effect. 
 See Note 3 in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2024 for a complete disclosure of the Company s significant accounting policies. 
 13 

4. 
 primary channels of distribution: retail, wholesale and licensing. Within the retail and wholesale channels, substantially all of the Company s revenues consist of sales of products that represent a single performance obligation where control transfers at a point in time to the customer. For licensing arrangements, royalty and advertising revenue is recognized over time based on access provided to the Company s brands. 
 The Company has chosen to apply the practical expedient allowing it not to disclose the amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations that have an expected duration of 12 months or less. 
 Retail 
 The Company generates sales through directly operated stores and e-commerce sites throughout the Americas (United States, Canada and Latin America), certain parts of EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and certain parts of Asia (Asia and Oceania). Retail revenue is recognized when control of the product is transferred at the point of sale at Company owned stores, including concessions. For e-commerce transactions, control is transferred and revenue is recognized when products are delivered to the customer. To arrive at net sales for retail, gross sales are reduced by actual customer returns, as well as by a provision for estimated future customer returns. 
 Sales tax collected from retail customers are presented on a net basis and, as such, are excluded from revenue. Shipping and handling costs that are billed to customers are included in net sales, with the related costs recorded in cost of goods sold. Shipping and handling costs that are not billed to customers are accounted for as fulfillment costs. 
 14 

million and million as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, respectively, is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 Loyalty Program . The Company offers a loyalty program, which allows its Michael Kors North America customers to earn points on qualifying purchases toward monetary and non-monetary rewards, which may be redeemed for purchases at Michael Kors retail stores and e-commerce sites. The Company defers a portion of the initial sales transaction based on the estimated relative fair value of the benefits based on projected timing of future redemptions and historical activity. These amounts include estimated breakage for points that are not expected to be redeemed. 
 Wholesale 
 The Company s products are sold primarily to major department stores, specialty stores and travel retail shops throughout the Americas, EMEA and Asia. The Company also has arrangements where its products are sold to geographic licensees in certain parts of EMEA, Asia and South America. Wholesale revenue is recognized net of estimates for sales returns, discounts, markdowns and allowances, when merchandise is shipped and control of the underlying product is transferred to the Company s wholesale customers. To arrive at net sales for wholesale, gross sales are reduced by provisions for estimated future returns, as well as trade discounts, markdowns, allowances, operational chargebacks and certain cooperative selling expenses. These estimates are developed based on historical trends, actual and forecasted performance and market conditions, and are reviewed by management on a quarterly basis. Unfulfilled, non-cancelable purchase orders for products from wholesale customers (including the Company s geographic licensees) are expected to be fulfilled within the next 12 months. 
 Licensing 
 The Company provides its third-party licensees with the right to access its Versace, Jimmy Choo and Michael Kors trademarks under product and geographic licensing arrangements. Under product licensing arrangements, the Company allows third-parties to manufacture and sell luxury goods, including watches and jewelry, fragrances, eyewear and home furnishings, using the Company s trademarks. Under geographic licensing arrangements, third party licensees receive the right to distribute and sell products bearing the Company s trademarks in retail and/or wholesale channels within certain geographical areas, including Brazil, the Middle East, Eastern Europe, South Africa and certain parts of Asia. 
 
 15 

Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 Fiscal 2030 and thereafter Total 
 Sales Returns 
 The refund liability recorded as of September 28, 2024 was million, and the related asset for the right to recover returned product as of September 28, 2024 was million. The refund liability recorded as of March 30, 2024 was million, and the related asset for the right to recover returned product as of March 30, 2024 was million. 
 Contract Balances 
 Total contract liabilities were million and million as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, respectively. For the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in revenue which related to contract liabilities that existed at March 30, 2024. For the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in revenue which related to contract liabilities that existed at April 1, 2023. There were no material contract assets recorded as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024. 
 There were no changes in historical variable consideration estimates that were materially different from actual results. 
 16 

Versace - EMEA Versace - Asia Total Versace Jimmy Choo - the Americas Jimmy Choo - EMEA Jimmy Choo - Asia Total Jimmy Choo Michael Kors - the Americas Michael Kors - EMEA Michael Kors - Asia Total Michael Kors Total - the Americas Total - EMEA Total - Asia Total revenue 
 See Note 4 in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2024 for a complete disclosure of the Company s revenue recognition policy. 
 
 5. 
 Receivables due from licensees Less: allowances ) ) Total receivables, net 
 
 (1) As of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, million and million, respectively, of trade receivables were insured. 
 million and million as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, respectively. The Company had credit losses of million and million for the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. 
 17 

million and million for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 6. 
 Computer equipment and software Furniture and fixtures Equipment Building In-store shops Land Total property and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Subtotal Construction-in-progress Total property and equipment, net 
 million and million, respectively. Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. During the three and six months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million in property and equipment impairment charges , respectively. 
 
 7. 
 
 Trademarks Customer relationships (1) 
 Gross definite-lived intangible assets Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Net definite-lived intangible assets Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Jimmy Choo brand (2) 
 Versace brand (3) 
 Net indefinite-lived intangible assets Total intangible assets, excluding goodwill Goodwill (4) 
 
 (1) The change in the carrying value since March 30, 2024 reflects the impact of foreign currency translation adjustments. 
 18 

million as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024. The change in the carrying value since March 30, 2024 reflects the impact of foreign currency translation adjustments. 
 (3) Includes accumulated impairment of million as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024. The change in the carrying value since March 30, 2024 reflects the impact of foreign currency translation adjustments. 
 (4) Includes accumulated impairment of million related to the Jimmy Choo reporting units as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024. The change in the carrying value since March 30, 2024 reflects the impact of the Sicla Acquisition, as well as the impact of foreign currency translation adjustments. 
 
 On May 2, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Calzaturificio Sicla S.r.l. Sicla Acquisition ), an Italian shoe manufacturer, for cash consideration of million, net of cash acquired. The acquired identifiable assets and liabilities net to a nominal amount, with million recognized in goodwill allocated to the Jimmy Choo reportable segment. 
 Amortization expense for the Company s definite-lived intangible assets was million and million, respectively, for the three and six months ended September 28, 2024. Amortization expense for the Company s definite-lived intangible assets was million and million, respectively, for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 8. 
 Interest receivable related to hedges Prepaid contracts Restricted cash Other accounts receivables Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 Return liabilities Accrued advertising and marketing Professional services Accrued purchases and samples Accrued rent (1) 
 Accrued capital expenditures Accrued E-commerce Gift cards and retail store credits Accrued interest Accrued retail store expense Advance royalties Restructuring liability Accrued litigation Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 (1) The accrued rent balance relates to variable lease payments. 
 19 

9. 
 and , respectively, of its retail stores which have been incorporated into the Global Optimization Plan. Net restructuring expenses recorded in connection with the Global Optimization Plan during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024 were million and million, respectively, primarily related to lease termination and store closure costs. 
 Additions charged to expense 
 (1) 
 Payments ) ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 
 
 (1) Excludes million of a gain on lease termination and store closure costs related to operating lease right-of-use assets recorded within restructuring and other expense (income) on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income for the six months ended September 28, 2024. 
 Other Restructuring Costs 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded net restructuring and other expense (income) which was the result of gains on the termination of leases fully offset by expenses primarily related to equity awards associated with the acquisition of Versace. 
 million, primarily related to a million gain on the sale of a long-lived corporate asset, partially offset by expenses related to equity awards associated with the acquisition of Versace . 
 
 10. 
 Versace Term Loan Senior Notes due 2024 (1) 
 Other Total debt Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs Total carrying value of debt Less: Short-term debt (1) 
 Total long-term debt 
 
 (1) As of September 28, 2024, the Senior Notes, due in November 2024, are recorded within short-term debt on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

20 

billion revolving credit facility (the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility ), which may be denominated in U.S. dollars and other currencies, including Euros, Pounds Sterling, Japanese Yen and Swiss Francs. The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility also includes sub-facilities for the issuance of letters of credit of up to million and swing line loans at the Administrative Agent s discretion of up to million. The Company has the ability to expand its borrowing availability under the 2022 Credit Facility in the form of increased revolving commitments or one or more tranches of term loans by up to an additional million, subject to the agreement of the participating lenders and certain other customary conditions. See Note 11 to the Company s Fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding the Company s interest rates associated with borrowings under the 2022 Credit Facility. 
 The 2022 Credit Facility provides for an annual administration fee and a commitment fee equal to basis points to basis points per annum, which was basis points as of September 28, 2024. The fees are based on the Company s public debt ratings and/or net leverage ratio, applied to the average daily unused amount of the 2022 Credit Facility. 
 Loans under the 2022 Credit Facility may be prepaid and commitments may be terminated or reduced by the borrowers without premium or penalty other than customary breakage costs with respect to loans bearing interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate and the Adjusted TIBOR Rate. 
 The 2022 Credit Facility requires the Company to maintain a net leverage ratio as of the end of each fiscal quarter of no greater than to 1.0. Such net leverage ratio is calculated as the ratio of the sum of total indebtedness as of the date of the measurement plus the capitalized amount of all operating lease obligations, minus unrestricted cash and cash equivalents not to exceed million, to Consolidated EBITDAR for the last four consecutive fiscal quarters. Consolidated EBITDAR is defined as consolidated net income plus provision for taxes based on income, profits or capital, net interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, consolidated rent expense and other non-cash losses, charges and expenses, subject to certain additions and deductions. The 2022 Credit Facility also includes covenants that limit additional indebtedness, liens, acquisitions and other investments, restricted payments and affiliate transactions. 
 The 2022 Credit Facility also contains events of default customary for financings of this type, including, but not limited to, payment defaults, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to certain indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, certain events under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, material judgments, actual or asserted failure of any guaranty supporting the 2022 Credit Facility to be in full force and effect, and changes of control. If such an event of default occurs and is continuing, the lenders under the 2022 Credit Facility would be entitled to take various actions, including, but not limited to, terminating the commitments and accelerating amounts outstanding under the 2022 Credit Facility. 
 As of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, the Company had million and million of borrowings outstanding under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, respectively. In addition, stand-by letters of credit of million were outstanding as of both September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024. As of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, the amount available for future borrowings under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility was million and million, respectively. The Company had million and million of deferred financing fees related to Revolving Credit Facilities for September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, respectively, and are recorded within other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 On August 23, 2024, the Company entered into a first incremental term loan amendment (the Amendment to its existing 2022 Credit Facility with, among others, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The Amendment amended the Existing Credit Facility, to, among other things, provide for a million senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facility (the 364 Day Term Loan that is available until November 1, 2024, the proceeds which must be used to repay the senior unsecured notes issued by Michael Kors (USA), Inc., which mature on November 1, 2024. 
 21 

to 1.0. When borrowed, the term loan will have a maturity date that is days after the borrowing date. Amounts repaid or prepaid with respect of the term loan may not be reborrowed. The term loan will bear interest, at the Company s option, at (i) an alternate base rate, which is the greatest of (x) the prime rate publicly announced from time to time by JPMorgan Chase, (y) the greater of the federal funds effective rate and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York overnight bank funding rate and , plus basis points, and (z) the greater of term SOFR for an interest period of one month plus basis points and , plus basis points, or (ii) the greater of term SOFR for the applicable interest period plus basis points Adjusted Term SOFR and ; in each case, plus an applicable margin based on the Company s public debt ratings and/or net leverage ratio. The 364 Day Term Loan is subject to a commitment fee which begins to accrue 45 days after the effective date of the Amendment until the facility terminates or the term loans are funded, which is equal to basis points to basis points per annum, based on the Company s public debt ratings and/or net leverage ratio, applied to the average daily unused amount of the 364 Day Term Loan. 
 The term loan may be prepaid and commitments may be terminated or reduced by the Company without premium or penalty other than customary breakage costs with respect to loans bearing interest based upon Adjusted Term SOFR. In addition, the Company is required to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from certain incurrences of indebtedness for borrowed money, issuances of equity interests and dispositions of assets (subject to customary reinvestment rights) to reduce the commitments under the 364 Day Term Loan, or after the term loan is funded, to prepay the term loan, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. 
 As of September 28, 2024, there was carrying value of the 364 Day Term Loan as it is yet to be drawn upon. As of September 28, 2024, million of deferred financing fees were recorded within prepaid and other current assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet until the 364 Day Term Loan is drawn upon, which then will be recorded within short-term debt on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of September 28, 2024, and the date these financial statements were issued, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the 2022 Credit Facility. 
 Versace Term Loan 
 On December 5, 2022, Gianni Versace S.r.l., a wholly owned subsidiary of Capri Holdings Limited, entered into a credit facility with Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Banco Nazionale del Lavoro S.p.A., and UniCredit S.p.A., as arrangers and lenders, and Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., as agent, which provides a senior unsecured term loan (the Versace Term Loan in an aggregate principal amount of million. The Versace Term Loan is not subject to amortization and matures on December 5, 2025. The Company provides an unsecured guaranty of the Versace Term Loan. 
 The Versace Term Loan bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of EURIBOR for the applicable interest period and zero, plus a margin of . 
 The Versace Term Loan may be prepaid without premium or penalty other than customary breakage costs. The Versace Term Loan requires the Company to maintain a net leverage ratio as of the end of each fiscal quarter of no greater than to 1.0. Such net leverage ratio is calculated as the ratio of the sum of total indebtedness as of the date of the measurement plus the capitalized amount of all operating lease obligations, minus unrestricted cash and cash equivalents not to exceed million, to Consolidated EBITDAR for the last four consecutive fiscal quarters. Consolidated EBITDAR is defined as consolidated net income plus provision for taxes based on income, profits or capital, net interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, consolidated rent expense and other non-cash losses, charges and expenses, subject to certain additions and deductions. The Versace Term Loan also includes covenants that limit additional financial indebtedness, liens, acquisitions, loans and guarantees, restricted payments and mergers of GIVI Holding S.r.l., Gianni Versace S.r.l. and their respective subsidiaries. 
 The Versace Term Loan contains events of default customary for financings of this type, including, but not limited to payment defaults, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to material financial indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency, illegality or repudiation of any loan document under the Versace Term Loan or any failure thereof to be in full force and effect, and changes of control. If such an event of default occurs and is continuing, the lenders under the Versace Term Loan would be entitled to take various actions, including, but not limited to, accelerating amounts outstanding under the Versace Term Loan. 
 22 

million and million, respectively, net of million of deferred financing fees, which were recorded within long-term debt on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of September 28, 2024, and the date these financial statements were issued, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the Versace Term Loan. 
 Senior Notes 
 On October 20, 2017, Michael Kors (USA), Inc. (the Issuer ), the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, completed its offering of million aggregate principal amount senior notes due November 1, 2024 (the Senior Notes ), pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Senior Notes were issued under an indenture dated October 20, 2017, among the Issuer, the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Indenture ). 
 As of September 28, 2024, the Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, subject to adjustments from time to time if either Moody s or S P (or a substitute rating agency therefore) downgrades (or downgrades and subsequently upgrades) the credit rating assigned to the Senior Notes. Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on May 1, 2018. 
 The Senior Notes are unsecured and are guaranteed by the Company and its existing and future subsidiaries that guarantee or are borrowers under the 2022 Credit Facility (subject to certain exceptions, including subsidiaries organized in China). The Senior Notes may be redeemed at the Company s option at any time in whole or in part at a price equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, plus a make-whole amount calculated at the applicable Treasury Rate plus basis points. 
 The Indenture contains covenants, including those that limit the Company s ability to create certain liens and enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions. In the event of a Change of Control Triggering Event, as defined in the Indenture, the Issuer will be required to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes being repurchased plus any unpaid interest. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions, as per the Indenture. 
 As of both September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, the carrying value of the Senior Notes was million, which is recorded within short-term debt on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 Versace Facilities 
 During Fiscal 2022, the Company's subsidiary, GIVI Holding S.r.l, entered into an agreement with Banco BPM Banking Group the Bank to sell certain tax receivables to the Bank in exchange for cash. The arrangement was determined to be a financing arrangement because the de-recognition criteria for the receivables was not met at the time of the cash receipt from the Bank. As of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, the outstanding balance was million, with million and million recorded within short-term debt and long-term debt, respectively, on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 Supplier Financing Program 
 The Company offers a supplier financing program which enables the Company s inventory suppliers, at their sole discretion, to sell their receivables (i.e., the Company s payment obligations to suppliers) to a financial institution on a non-recourse basis in order to be paid earlier than current payment terms provide. The Company s obligations, including the amount due and scheduled payment dates, which generally do not exceed 90 days, are not impacted by a suppliers decision to participate in this program. The Company does not reimburse suppliers for any costs they incur to participate in the program and their participation is voluntary. The amount outstanding under this program as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively, and is presented as short-term debt on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 See Note 12 to the Company s Fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the Company s credit facilities and debt obligations. 
 23 

11. 
 
 12. 
 See Note 13 for further detail. 
 Total derivative assets Derivative liabilities: Net investment hedges Interest rate swaps Total derivative liabilities 
 24 

See Note 10 for detailed information related to carrying values of the Company s outstanding debt. 
 Versace Term Loan Senior Notes due 2024 
 Non-Financial Assets and Liabilities 
 The Company recorded million impairment charges during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024. The Company recorded million of impairment charges during the three and six months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Property and Equipment, net Total 
 
 13. 
 25 

forward foreign currency exchange contracts outstanding. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 As of March 30, 2024, the Company had billion of hedges outstanding to hedge its net investment in Swiss Franc CHF denominated subsidiaries, of which the Company will exchange semi-annual fixed rate payments on United States Dollar notional amounts for fixed rate payments of in CHF. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2025, the Company entered into additional fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of million, of which the Company will exchange monthly fixed rate payments on United States Dollar notional amounts for fixed rate payments of in CHF. 
 During the second quarter of Fiscal 2025, the Company terminated multiple fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of million related to its net investment in CHF denominated subsidiaries, of which resulted in the Company receiving an immaterial amount of cash. Subsequently, the Company entered into multiple fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of million related to its net investment in CHF denominated subsidiaries, of which the Company will exchange monthly fixed rate payments on United States Dollar notional amounts for fixed rate payments of in CHF. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had billion of hedges outstanding to hedge its net investment in CHF denominated subsidiaries. These contracts have maturity dates between July 2025 and October 2030 and are designated as net investment hedges. 
 As of March 30, 2024 and September 28, 2024, the Company had billion of float-to-float cross-currency hedges outstanding to hedge its net investment in Euro denominated subsidiaries. The Company will exchange Euro floating rate payments based on EURIBOR for the United States dollar floating rate amounts based on SOFR CME Term over the life of the agreement. The fixed rate component of semi-annual Euro payments range from to . These contracts have maturity dates between May 2028 and August 2030 and are designated as net investment hedges. 
 As of March 30, 2024, the Company had million of fixed-to-fixed cross-currency hedges outstanding related to its net investment in Euro denominated subsidiaries, of which the Company will exchange semi-annual fixed rate payments on United States Dollar notional amounts for fixed rate payments of in Euro. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2025, the Company entered into fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of million, of which the Company will exchange monthly fixed rate payments on United States Dollar notional amounts for fixed rate payments of in Euro. 
 During the second quarter of Fiscal 2025, the Company entered into additional fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of million, of which the Company will exchange monthly fixed rate payments on United States Dollar notional amounts for fixed rate payments of in Euro. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had billion of fixed-to-fixed cross-currency hedges outstanding related to its net investment in Euro denominated subsidiaries. These contracts have maturity dates between January 2027 and July 2031 and have been designated as net investment hedges. 
 When a cross-currency swap is used as a hedging instrument in a net investment hedge assessed under the spot method, the cross-currency basis spread is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and is recognized as a reduction in interest expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. Accordingly, the Company recorded interest income of million and million during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The net gain or loss on net investment hedges are reported within CTA as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Upon discontinuation of the hedge, such amounts remain in CTA until the related net investment is sold or liquidated. 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 During the second quarter of Fiscal 2025, the Company entered into multiple interest rate swaps with aggregate notional amounts of million. The swaps were designed to mitigate the impact of adverse interest rate fluctuations for a portion of the Company s variable rate debt. million of the total interest rate swaps entered into relate to the Company s 
 26 

and receive variable interest based on 1 month EURIBOR rate. The remaining million of the interest rate swaps entered into relate to the Company s Versace Term Loan expiring December 2025. The Company will exchange monthly fixed rate payments of and receive variable interest based on 6 month EURIBOR rate. As of March 30, 2024, the Company did have any interest rate swap agreements outstanding. 
 
 When an interest rate swap agreement qualifies for hedge accounting as a cash flow hedge, the changes in the fair value are recorded in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income and are reclassified into interest (income) expense, net, in the same period in which the hedged transactions affect earnings. During the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recorded million of interest income related to this agreement. As of September 30, 2023, the Company did have interest income related to interest rate swap agreements as they were entered into during the second quarter of Fiscal 2025. 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 The Company is exposed to transaction risk from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations with respect to various cross-currency intercompany loans which will impact earnings on a consolidated basis. To manage the foreign currency exchange rate risk related to these balances, the Company had previously entered into cross-currency swap agreements to hedge its exposure in GBP denominated subsidiaries (the GBP Fair Value Hedge on Euro denominated intercompany loans. As of March 30, 2024 and September 28, 2024, there were fair value hedges outstanding. 
 When a cross-currency swap is designated as a fair value hedge and qualifies as highly effective, the fair value hedge will be recorded at fair value each period on the Company s consolidated balance sheets, with the difference resulting from the changes in the spot rate recognized in foreign currency (gain) loss on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income, which will offset the earnings impact of the underlying transaction being hedged. If the fair value hedge is terminated and the underlying intercompany loans are settled, the accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI remaining from the hedge at the time of termination will be reclassified to foreign currency (gain) loss on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. Accordingly, the Company recorded a foreign currency loss of million and a foreign currency gain of million during the three and six months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 Designated interest rate swaps (2) 
 Total 
 (1) Recorded within other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) As of September 28, 2024, the Company recorded million within accrued expenses and current liabilities and million within other long-term liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. As of March 30, 2024, the Company recorded million within accrued expenses and current liabilities and million within other long-term liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 27 

Liabilities subject to master netting arrangements 
 Derivative assets, net Derivative liabilities, net 
 Currently, the Company s master netting arrangements do not require cash collateral to be pledged by the Company or its counterparties.) ) ) ) Designated interest rate swaps ) ) Designated fair value hedge ) ) 
 The following tables summarize the pre-tax impact of the gains within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income related to the designated forward foreign currency exchange contracts for the three and six months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended Pre-Tax Gain Reclassified from Accumulated OCI Location of Gain Recognized September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Designated forward foreign currency exchange contracts 
 Cost of goods sold 
 Six Months Ended Pre-Tax Gain Reclassified from Accumulated OCI Location of Gain Recognized September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Designated forward foreign currency exchange contracts 
 Cost of goods sold 
 
 14. 
 billion of its outstanding ordinary shares, providing additional capacity to return cash to shareholders over the longer term. Share repurchases may be made in open market or privately negotiated transactions and/or pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, trading restrictions under the Company s insider trading policy and other relevant factors; however, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, and subject to certain limited exceptions, the Company may not repurchase its ordinary 
 28 

t repurchase any of its ordinary shares since entering into the Merger Agreement pursuant to the Existing Share Repurchase Plan, and the Company does not expect to repurchase any of its ordinary shares in connection with the Existing Share Repurchase Plan prior to the Merger or earlier termination of the Merger Agreement. 
 During the six months ended September 28, 2024, the Company did purchase any shares, including commissions, through open market transactions under the Existing Share Repurchase Plan. As of September 28, 2024, the remaining availability under the Company s Existing Share Repurchase Plan was million. 
 During the six months ended September 30, 2023, the Company purchased shares for a total cost of approximately million including commissions, through open market transactions under the Existing Share Repurchase Plan. 
 The Company also has in place a withhold to cover repurchase program, which allows the Company to withhold ordinary shares from certain executive officers and directors to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of their restricted share awards. During the six month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company withheld shares and shares, respectively, with a fair value of million and million, respectively, in satisfaction of minimum tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of restricted share awards. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) Less: amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings 
 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) Balance at April 1, 2023 Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Less: amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings 
 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 (1) Foreign currency translation adjustments for the six months ended September 28, 2024 primarily include a million loss, net of taxes of million, relating to the Company s net investment hedges partially offset by a net million translation gain. Foreign currency translation adjustments for the six months ended September 30, 2023 primarily include a net million translation loss, partially offset by a million gain, net of taxes, relating to the Company s net investment and fair value hedges. 
 (2) Reclassified amounts primarily relate to the Company s forward foreign currency exchange contracts for inventory purchases and are recorded within cost of goods sold in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. All tax effects were not material for the periods presented. 
 29 

15. 
 equity plans, stock option plan adopted in Fiscal 2008 (as amended and restated, the 2008 Plan ), and an Omnibus Incentive Plan adopted in the third fiscal quarter of Fiscal 2012 and amended and restated with shareholder approval in May 2015, and again in June 2020 (the Incentive Plan ). The 2008 Plan only provided for grants of share options and was authorized to issue up to ordinary shares. As of September 28, 2024, there were shares available to grant equity awards under the 2008 Plan. 
 The Incentive Plan allows for grants of share options, restricted shares and RSUs, and other equity awards, and authorizes a total issuance of up to ordinary shares after amendments in August 2022. At September 28, 2024, there were ordinary shares available for future grants of equity awards under the Incentive Plan. Option grants issued from the 2008 Plan generally expire from the date of the grant, and those issued under the Incentive Plan generally expire from the date of the grant. 
 Granted Exercised/Vested ) ) Canceled/Forfeited ) ) Outstanding/Unvested at September 28, 2024 
 
 The weighted average grant date fair value of service-based RSUs granted during the six months ended September 28, 2024 was . There were performance-based RSUs granted during the six months ended September 28, 2024. The weighted average grant date fair value of service-based and performance-based RSUs granted during the six months ended September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 Share-Based Compensation Expense 
 Tax benefit related to share-based compensation expense 
 Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The Company estimates forfeitures based on historical forfeiture rates. The estimated value of future forfeitures for equity awards as of September 28, 2024 is approximately million. There are forfeitures for performance-based RSUs. 
 See Note 17 in the Company s Fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information relating to the Company s share-based compensation awards. 
 
 16. 
 and , respectively. This rate differs from the United Kingdom U.K. federal statutory rate of 25 primarily related to the release of million of an uncertain tax provision related to Italian share-based compensation tax deductions as a result of a recently issued tax ruling for the three and six months ended September 28, 2024. 
 30 

and , respectively. This rate differs from the U.K. federal statutory rate of 25 primarily due to the impact of global financing activities, the release of uncertain tax positions outside the U.S. for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023 and the release of a valuation allowance on Korean deferred tax assets during the six months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The global financing activities are related to the Company s 2014 move of its principal executive office from Hong Kong to the U.K. and decision to become a U.K. tax resident. In connection with this decision, the Company funded its international growth strategy through intercompany debt financing arrangements. These debt financing arrangements reside between certain of our U.S. and U.K. subsidiaries. Due to the difference in the statutory income tax rates between these jurisdictions, the Company generally realizes lower effective tax rates compared to its statutory rate as a result of these financing activities. 
 On August 6, 2024, the United States Treasury and the IRS released proposed regulations that address several long-standing issues related to dual consolidated losses and introduce new rules for disregarded payment losses. If finalized as proposed, the changes related to disregarded payment losses could impact how the Company utilizes certain deductions and losses to offset its U.S. income as part of its global financing activities. The Company will continue to evaluate its impact as further information becomes available. 
 
 17. 
 operating segments Versace, Jimmy Choo and Michael Kors, which are based on its business activities and organization. The reportable segments are segments of the Company for which separate financial information is available and for which operating results are evaluated regularly by the Company s chief operating decision maker CODM in deciding how to allocate resources, as well as in assessing performance. The primary key performance indicators are revenue and operating income for each segment. The Company s reportable segments represent components of the business that offer similar merchandise, customer experience and sales/marketing strategies. 
 The Company s reportable segments are as follows: 
 Versace segment includes revenue generated through the sale of Versace luxury ready-to-wear, accessories and footwear through directly operated Versace boutiques throughout the Americas, certain parts of EMEA and certain parts of Asia, as well as through Versace outlet stores and e-commerce sites. In addition, revenue is generated through wholesale sales to distribution partners (including geographic licensing arrangements that allow third parties to use the Versace trademarks in connection with retail and/or wholesale sales of Versace branded products in specific geographic regions), multi-brand department stores and specialty stores worldwide, as well as through product license agreements in connection with the manufacturing and sale of jeans, fragrances, watches, jewelry, eyewear and home furnishings. 
 Jimmy Choo segment includes revenue generated through the sale of Jimmy Choo luxury footwear, handbags and small leather goods through directly operated Jimmy Choo retail and outlet stores throughout the Americas, certain parts of EMEA and certain parts of Asia, through its e-commerce sites, as well as through wholesale sales of luxury goods to distribution partners (including geographic licensing arrangements that allow third parties to use the Jimmy Choo trademarks in connection with retail and/or wholesale sales of Jimmy Choo branded products in specific geographic regions), multi-brand department stores and specialty stores worldwide. In addition, revenue is generated through product licensing agreements, which allow third parties to use the Jimmy Choo brand name and trademarks in connection with the manufacturing and sale of fragrances and eyewear. 
 Michael Kors segment includes revenue generated through the sale of Michael Kors products through primary Michael Kors retail formats: Collection stores, Lifestyle stores (including concessions), outlet stores and e-commerce sites, through which the Company sells Michael Kors products, as well as licensed products bearing the Michael Kors name, directly to consumers throughout the Americas, certain parts of EMEA and certain parts of Asia. The Company also sells Michael Kors products directly to department stores, primarily located across the Americas and Europe, to specialty stores and travel retail shops, and to its geographic licensees. In addition, revenue is generated through product and geographic licensing arrangements, which allow third parties to use the Michael Kors brand name and trademarks in connection with the manufacturing and sale of products, including watches, jewelry, fragrances and eyewear. 
 31 

Jimmy Choo Michael Kors Total revenue Income (loss) from operations: Versace ) ) Jimmy Choo ) ) ) Michael Kors Total segment income from operations Less: Corporate expenses 
 ) ) ) ) Impairment of assets (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Merger related costs ) ) Restructuring and other (expense) income ) ) Total (loss) income from operations ) ) 
 (1) Impairment of assets during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 primarily related to operating lease right-of-use assets at certain Versace and Michael Kors store locations. 
 Jimmy Choo Michael Kors Corporate Total depreciation and amortization 
 32 

EMEA Asia Total revenue 
 
 (1) Total revenue earned in the U.S. was million and billion, respectively, for the three and six months ended September 28, 2024. Total revenue earned in the U.S. was million and billion, respectively, for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 18. 
 million under its 364 Day Term Loan which is due on October 31, 2025. See Note 10 for additional information related to the 364 Day Term Loan. 
 
 33 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Overview 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger 
 On August 10, 2023, Capri entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Tapestry, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and Sunrise Merger Sub, Inc., a British Virgin Islands business company limited by shares and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Tapestry. The Merger Agreement provides that, among other things and on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Tapestry will acquire Capri in an all-cash transaction by means of a merger of Merger Sub with and into Capri, with Capri surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Tapestry. For additional information related to the Merger Agreement, please refer to Capri s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on September 20, 2023, as well as the supplemental disclosures contained in Capri s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 17, 2023. 
 The Merger has been approved by the boards of directors of Capri and Tapestry and by the shareholders of Capri. Completion of the Merger is subject to, among other customary conditions, the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976. The Company has received regulatory approval from all countries except for the United States. In connection with Tapestry s proposed acquisition of Capri, on April 22, 2024, the U.S. FTC filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the District Court against Tapestry and the Company seeking to block the Merger, claiming that the Merger would violate Section 7 of the Clayton Act and that the Merger Agreement and the Merger constitute unfair methods of competition in violation of Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act and should be enjoined. The preliminary injunction hearing concluded in September 2024, and on October 24, 2024, the District Court granted the FTC's motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the Merger pending the completion of the FTC's in-house administrative proceeding which is currently expected to begin on December 9, 2024. On October 28, 2024, Tapestry and Capri jointly filed a notice of appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The parties may not be successful on appeal and the appeal may not be heard on a timely basis. If the Merger is unable to be consummated, there can be no assurance that any other transaction acceptable to us will be offered and our business, prospects and/or results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Our Business 
 Capri Holdings Limited is a global fashion luxury group consisting of iconic, founder-led brands Versace, Jimmy Choo and Michael Kors. Our commitment to glamorous style and craftsmanship is at the heart of each of our luxury brands. We have built our reputation on designing exceptional, innovative products that cover the full spectrum of fashion luxury categories. Our strength lies in the unique DNA and heritage of each of our brands, the diversity and passion of our people and our dedication to the clients and communities we serve. 
 Our Versace brand has long been recognized as one of the world s leading international fashion design houses and is synonymous with Italian glamour and style. Founded in 1978 in Milan, Versace is known for its iconic and unmistakable style and unparalleled craftsmanship. Over the past several decades, the House of Versace has grown globally from its roots in haute couture, expanding into the design, manufacturing, distribution and retailing of ready-to-wear, accessories, footwear, eyewear, watches, jewelry, fragrance and home furnishing. Versace s design team is led by Donatella Versace, who has been the brand s Artistic Director for over 20 years. Versace distributes its products through a worldwide distribution network, which includes boutiques in some of the world s most fashionable cities, its e-commerce sites, as well as through the most prestigious department and specialty stores worldwide. 
 Our Jimmy Choo brand offers a distinctive, glamorous and fashion-forward product range, enabling it to develop into a leading global luxury accessory brand, whose core product offering is women s luxury shoes, complemented by accessories, including handbags, small leather goods, jewelry, scarves and belts, as well as men s luxury shoes and accessories. In addition, certain categories, such as fragrances and eyewear, are produced under licensing agreements. Jimmy Choo s design team is led by Sandra Choi, who has been the Creative Director for the brand since its inception in 1996. Jimmy Choo products are unique, instinctively seductive and chic. The brand offers classic and timeless luxury products, alongside innovative collections that are intended to set and lead fashion trends. Jimmy Choo is represented through its global store network, its e-commerce sites, as well as through the most prestigious department and specialty stores worldwide. 
 34 

Our Michael Kors brand was launched over 40 years ago by Michael Kors, a world renowned designer, whose vision has taken the Company from its beginnings as an American luxury sportswear house to a global accessories, ready-to-wear, and footwear company with a global distribution network that has presence in over 100 countries through Company-operated retail stores and e-commerce sites, leading department stores, specialty stores and select licensing partners. Michael Kors is a highly recognized luxury fashion brand in the Americas and Europe with growing brand awareness in other international markets. Michael Kors features distinctive designs, materials and craftsmanship that combines stylish elegance and a sporty attitude. Michael Kors offers three primary collections: the Michael Kors Collection line, the MICHAEL Michael Kors line and the Michael Kors Mens line. The Michael Kors Collection establishes the aesthetic authority of the entire brand and is carried by select retail stores, our e-commerce sites, as well as in the finest luxury department stores in the world. MICHAEL Michael Kors has a strong focus on accessories, in addition to offering ready-to-wear and footwear. We have also been developing our men s business in recognition of the significant opportunity afforded by the Michael Kors brand s established fashion authority and the expanding men s market. Taken together, our Michael Kors collections target a broad customer base while retaining our premium luxury image. 
 Certain Factors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Macroeconomic conditions and inflationary pressures. Global economic conditions and the related impact on levels of consumer spending worldwide impacted our business in the first half of Fiscal 2025, and are likely to continue to impact our business and the luxury accessories, footwear and apparel industry overall for the foreseeable future. Inflation, rising interest rates, higher fuel and energy costs and commodity prices, reductions in net worth based on market declines and uncertainty, home prices, credit availability and consumer debt levels, concerns of a global banking crisis, political instability due to war or other geopolitical factors, including national elections such as the U.S. presidential election, and other macroeconomic pressures and general uncertainty regarding the overall future economic environment have created a challenging retail environment, which is expected to continue in the near term. Purchases of discretionary luxury items, such as the accessories, footwear and apparel that we produce, tend to decline when disposable income is lower or when there are recessions, inflationary pressures or other economic uncertainty which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Luxury goods trends and demand for our accessories and related merchandise . Our performance is affected by trends in the luxury goods industry, global consumer spending, macroeconomic factors, overall levels of consumer travel and spending on discretionary items as well as shifts in demographics and changes in lifestyle preferences. Future growth is expected to be driven by e-commerce, Chinese consumers and younger generations, however, growth may be limited by concerns over inflation, the possibility of a global recession, foreign currency volatility or worsening economic conditions. 
 Foreign currency fluctuation. Our consolidated operations are impacted by the relationships between our reporting currency, the United States dollar, and those of our non-United States subsidiaries whose functional/local currency is other than the United States dollar, primarily the Euro, the British Pound, the Chinese Renminbi, the Japanese Yen, the Korean Won and the Canadian dollar, among others. We continue to expect volatility in the global foreign currency exchange rates, which may have a negative impact on the reported results of certain of our non-United States subsidiaries in the future, when translated to the United States dollar. 
 Disruptions or delays in shipping and distribution and other supply chain constraints . Any disruptions in our shipping and distribution network, including port congestion, vessel availability, container shortages and temporary factory closures, could have a negative impact on our results of operations. These disruptions include the recent attacks on commercial shipping vessels in the Red Sea that have led to disruption and instability in global supply chains, which have resulted in shipment delays. These shipping disruptions have also resulted in, and may continue to result in, increased freight costs. See Item 1A Risk Factors We primarily use foreign manufacturing contractors and independent third-party agents to source our finished goods and Our business is subject to risks inherent in global sourcing activities, including disruptions or delays in manufacturing or shipments of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2024 for additional discussion. 
 Costs of manufacturing, tariffs, and import regulations. Our industry is subject to volatility in costs related to certain raw materials used in the manufacturing of our products. This volatility applies primarily to costs driven by commodity prices, which can increase or decrease dramatically over a short period of time. In addition, our costs may be impacted by sanction tariffs imposed on our products due to changes in trade terms. We rely on free trade agreements and other supply chain initiatives in order to maximize efficiencies relating to product importation. We are also subject to government import regulations, including United States Customs and Border Protection CBP withhold release orders. The imposition of taxes, duties and quotas, the withdrawal from or material modification to trade agreements, and/or if CBP detains shipments of our goods pursuant to a withhold release order could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and 
 35 

financial condition. If additional tariffs or trade restrictions are implemented by the United States or other countries, the cost of our products could increase which could adversely affect our business. In addition, commodity prices and tariffs may have an impact on our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. We use commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate these effects by sourcing our products as efficiently as possible and diversifying the countries where we produce. In addition, manufacturing labor costs are also subject to degrees of volatility based on local and global economic conditions. We use commercially reasonable efforts to source from localities that suit our manufacturing standards and result in more favorable labor driven costs of our product. 
 Implementing and updating information technology systems. During Fiscal 2024, we began implementing a new state of the art e-commerce platform across our brands which is expected to continue through Fiscal 2025. While the new platform is designed to improve the user experience and enhance consumer engagement, the transition created unanticipated challenges which negatively impacted our results of operations. The continued implementation of this platform may also negatively impact our future results of operations. See Item 1A Risk Factors A material delay or disruption in our information technology systems or e-commerce websites or our failure or inability to upgrade our information technology systems precisely and efficiently could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2024 for additional discussion. 
 Segment Information 
 We operate in three reportable segments, which are as follows: 
 Versace 
 We generate revenue through the sale of Versace luxury accessories, ready-to-wear and footwear through directly operated Versace boutiques throughout North America (United States and Canada), certain parts of EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and certain parts of Asia (Asia and Oceania), as well as through Versace outlet stores and e-commerce sites. In addition, revenue is generated through wholesale sales to distribution partners (including geographic licensing arrangements), multi-brand department stores and specialty stores worldwide, as well as through product license agreements in connection with the manufacturing and sale of products, including jeans, fragrances, watches, jewelry, eyewear and home furnishings. 
 Jimmy Choo 
 We generate revenue through the sale of Jimmy Choo luxury goods through directly operated Jimmy Choo retail and outlet stores throughout the Americas (United States, Canada and Latin America), certain parts of EMEA and certain parts of Asia, through our e-commerce sites, as well as through wholesale sales of luxury goods to distribution partners (including geographic licensing arrangements that allow third parties to use the Jimmy Choo tradename in connection with retail and/or wholesale sales of Jimmy Choo branded products in specific geographic regions), multi-brand department stores and specialty stores worldwide. In addition, revenue is generated through product licensing agreements, which allow third parties to use the Jimmy Choo brand name and trademarks in connection with the manufacturing and sale of products, including fragrances and eyewear. 
 Michael Kors 
 We generate revenue through the sale of Michael Kors products through four primary Michael Kors retail formats: Collection stores, Lifestyle stores (including concessions), outlet stores and e-commerce, through which we sell our products, as well as licensed products bearing our name, directly to consumers throughout the Americas, certain parts of EMEA and certain parts of Asia. Our Michael Kors e-commerce business includes e-commerce sites in the United States, Canada, EMEA and Asia. We also sell Michael Kors products directly to department stores, primarily located across the Americas and EMEA, to specialty stores and travel retail shops in the Americas, Europe and Asia, and to our geographic licensees in certain parts of EMEA, Asia and Brazil. In addition, revenue is generated through product and geographic licensing arrangements, which allow third parties to use the Michael Kors brand name and trademarks in connection with the manufacturing and sale of products, including watches, jewelry, fragrances and eyewear, as well as through geographic licensing arrangements, which allow third parties to use the Michael Kors tradename in connection with the retail and/or wholesale sales of our Michael Kors branded products in specific geographic regions. 
 Unallocated Corporate Expenses 
 In addition to the reportable segments discussed above, we have certain corporate costs that are not directly attributable to our brands and, therefore, are not allocated to segments. Such costs primarily include certain administrative, corporate 
 36 

occupancy, shared service and information technology systems expenses, including system implementation costs and Capri transformation program costs. In addition, certain other costs are not allocated to segments, including Merger related costs, impairment charges and restructuring and other (expense) income. The segment structure is consistent with how our chief operating decision maker plans and allocates resources, manages the business and assesses performance. The following table presents our total revenue and income from operations by segment for the three and six months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total revenue: Versace 201 280 420 539 Jimmy Choo 140 132 313 315 Michael Kors 738 879 1,413 1,666 Total revenue 1,079 1,291 2,146 2,520 Income (loss) from operations: Versace (3) 35 (20) 38 Jimmy Choo (5) (9) (1) 7 Michael Kors 87 169 162 299 Total segment income from operations 79 195 141 344 Less: Corporate expenses 
 (63) (71) (127) (142) Impairment of assets (1) 
 (43) (20) (43) (20) Merger related costs (10) (4) (15) (4) Restructuring and other (expense) income (1) (2) 2 Total (loss) income from operations (38) 100 (46) 180 
 (1) Impairment of assets during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 primarily related to operating lease right-of-use assets at certain Versace and Michael Kors store locations. 
 The following table presents our global network of retail stores by brand: As of September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Number of full price retail stores (including concessions): Versace 176 167 Jimmy Choo 169 180 Michael Kors 446 496 791 843 Number of outlet stores: Versace 60 63 Jimmy Choo 57 57 Michael Kors 309 306 426 426 Total number of retail stores 1,217 1,269 
 37 

The following table presents our retail stores by geographic location: As of As of September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Versace Jimmy Choo Michael Kors Versace Jimmy Choo Michael Kors Store count by region: The Americas 47 43 292 43 43 309 EMEA 58 66 153 61 71 171 Asia 131 117 310 126 123 322 236 226 755 230 237 802 
 Key Consolidated Performance Indicators and Statistics 
 We use a number of key indicators of operating results to evaluate our performance, including the following (dollars in millions): 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total revenue 1,079 1,291 2,146 2,520 Gross profit as a percent of total revenue 64.3 64.4 64.4 65.2 (Loss) income from operations (38) 100 (46) 180 (Loss) income from operations as a percent of total revenue (3.5) 7.7 (2.1) 7.1 
 Seasonality 
 We experience certain effects of seasonality with respect to our business. We generally experience greater sales during our third fiscal quarter, primarily driven by holiday season sales, and the lowest sales during our first fiscal quarter. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Critical accounting policies are those that are the most important to the portrayal of our results of operations and financial condition and that require our most difficult, subjective and complex judgments to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. In applying such policies, we must use certain assumptions that are based on our informed judgments, assessments of probability and best estimates. Estimates, by their nature, are subjective and are based on analysis of available information, including current and historical factors and the experience and judgment of management. We evaluate our assumptions and estimates on an ongoing basis. While our significant accounting policies are detailed in Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, our critical accounting policies are disclosed, in full, in the MD A section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2024. There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates since March 30, 2024. 
 
 38 

Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the three months ended September 28, 2024 with the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table details the results of our operations for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and expresses the relationship of certain line items to total revenue as a percentage (dollars in millions): 
 Three Months Ended Change Change of Total Revenue for the Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Statements of Operations Data: Total revenue 1,079 1,291 (212) (16.4) Cost of goods sold 385 459 (74) (16.1) 35.7 35.6 Gross profit 694 832 (138) (16.6) 64.3 64.4 Selling, general and administrative expenses 639 664 (25) (3.8) 59.2 51.4 Depreciation and amortization 49 48 1 2.1 4.5 3.7 Impairment of assets 43 20 23 NM 4.0 1.5 Restructuring and other expense 1 1 NM 0.1 Total operating expenses 732 732 67.8 56.7 (Loss) income from operations (38) 100 (138) NM (3.5) 7.7 Other income, net (1) 1 NM (0.1) Interest (income) expense, net (10) 3 (13) NM (0.9) 0.2 Foreign currency gain (17) (3) (14) NM (1.6) (0.2) (Loss) income before income taxes (11) 101 (112) NM (1.0) 7.8 (Benefit) provision for income taxes (34) 11 (45) NM (3.2) 0.9 Net income 23 90 (67) (74.4) Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (1) (1) NM Net income attributable to Capri 24 90 (66) (73.3) 
 NM Not meaningful 
 Total Revenue 
 Total revenue decreased 212 million, or 16.4 , to 1.079 billion on both a reported and constant currency basis for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 1.291 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to continuing macroeconomic headwinds resulting in softening demand globally for fashion luxury goods primarily impacting our Michael Kors and Versace brands. 
 Three Months Ended Change (in millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change As Reported Constant Currency Versace 201 280 (79) (28.2) (28.2) Jimmy Choo 140 132 8 6.1 5.3 Michael Kors 738 879 (141) (16.0) (15.9) Total revenue 1,079 1,291 (212) (16.4) (16.4) 
 Versace revenues decreased 79 million, or 28.2 , to 201 million on both a reported and constant currency basis for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 280 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to softening demand globally for fashion luxury goods. 
 Jimmy Choo revenues increased 8 million, or 6.1 , to 140 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 132 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which included favorable foreign 
 39 

currency effects of 1 million. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased 7 million, or 5.3 , primarily attributable to higher revenues from our licensing business and the timing of wholesale shipments. 
 Michael Kors revenue decreased 141 million, or 16.0 , to 738 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 879 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which included unfavorable foreign currency effects of 1 million. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased 140 million, or 15.9 , primarily due to softening demand globally for fashion luxury goods. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit decreased 138 million, or 16.6 , to 694 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 832 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross profit as a percentage of total revenue was 64.3 and 64.4 for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The gross profit margin decrease was primarily related to lower full price sell-throughs offset by favorable channel mix for the three months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 Total operating expenses were 732 million for both the three months ended September 28, 2024 and the three months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Our operating expenses included a net unfavorable foreign currency impact of approximately 1 million. Total operating expenses increased to 67.8 as a percentage of total revenue for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 56.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The components that comprise total operating expenses are explained below. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 25 million, or 3.8 , to 639 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 664 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreased retail store costs, marketing spend and unallocated corporate expenses for the three months ended September 28, 2024. 
 As a percentage of total revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 59.2 for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 51.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to deleveraging of expenses on lower revenues for the three months ended September 28, 2024. 
 Unallocated corporate expenses, which are included within selling, general and administrative expenses discussed above, but are not directly attributable to a reportable segment, decreased 8 million, or 11.3 , to 63 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to 71 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in professional fees and information technology costs related to certain Capri transformation projects which are now complete. 
 Impairment of Assets 
 For the three months ended September 28, 2024, we recognized asset impairment charges of 43 million primarily related to operating lease right-of-use assets at certain Versace and Michael Kors store locations. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized asset impairment charges of 20 million primarily related to operating lease right-of-use assets at certain Versace and Michael Kors store locations. See Note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Restructuring and Other Expense (Income) 
 During the three months ended September 28, 2024, we recorded expenses of 1 million primarily related to lease termination and store closure costs. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded no net restructuring and other expense which was the result of gains on the termination of leases fully offset by expenses primarily related to equity awards associated with the acquisition of Versace. See Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Restructuring and other expense is not evaluated as part of our reportable segments results (See Segment Information above for additional information). 
 40 

(Loss) Income from Operations 
 As a result of the foregoing, loss from operations was 38 million for three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to income from operations of 100 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Loss from operations as a percentage of total revenue was 3.5 for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to income from operations of 7.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. See Segment Information above for a reconciliation of our segment operating income to total operating (loss) income. 
 Three Months Ended (in millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Income (loss) from operations: Versace (3) 35 (38) NM Jimmy Choo (5) (9) 4 (44.4) Michael Kors 87 169 (82) (48.5) Total segment income from operations 79 195 (116) (59.5) Operating Margin: Versace (1.5) 12.5 Jimmy Choo (3.6) (6.8) Michael Kors 11.8 19.2 
 NM Not meaningful 
 Versace recorded a loss from operations of 3 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to income of 35 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Operating margin decreased from 12.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, to an operating loss of 1.5 for the three months ended September 28, 2024, primarily due to deleveraging of operating expenses on lower revenues partially offset by favorable channel mix compared to the prior year. 
 Jimmy Choo recorded a loss from operations of 5 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Operating margin improved from a loss of 6.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to an operating loss of 3.6 for the three months ended September 28, 2024, primarily due to leveraging of operating expenses on higher revenues and lower marketing expenses compared to the prior year. 
 Michael Kors recorded income from operations of 87 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 169 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Operating margin decreased from 19.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 11.8 for the three months ended September 28, 2024, primarily due to deleveraging of operating expenses on lower revenues compared to the prior year. 
 Interest (Income) Expense, net 
 For the three months ended September 28, 2024, we recognized 10 million of interest income compared to 3 million of interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 13 million improvement in interest (income) expense, net, is primarily due to lower average borrowings and effective interest rates on our outstanding debt and higher interest income from our net investment hedges (see Note 10 and Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information). 
 Foreign Currency Gain 
 For the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we recognized a net foreign currency gain of 17 million and 3 million, respectively, primarily attributable to the remeasurement of intercompany transactions with certain of our subsidiaries. 
 41 

(Benefit) Provision for Income Taxes 
 The benefit for income taxes was 34 million on a pre-tax loss of 11 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to a provision of 11 million on pre-tax income of 101 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to our effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 is not a meaningful metric due to the pre-tax loss in the current year and pre-tax income for the prior year. Our effective tax rate differs from the United Kingdom U.K. federal statutory rate of 25 primarily related to the release of 29 million of an uncertain tax provision related to Italian share-based compensation tax deductions as a result of a recently issued, favorable tax ruling. 
 Our effective tax rate may fluctuate from time to time due to the effects of changes in United States federal, state and local taxes and tax rates in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, factors such as the geographic mix of earnings, enacted tax legislation and the results of various global tax strategies, may also impact our effective tax rate in future periods. 
 On August 6, 2024, the United States Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service IRS released proposed regulations that address several long-standing issues related to dual consolidated losses and introduce new rules for disregarded payment losses. If finalized as proposed, the changes related to disregarded payment losses could impact how we utilize certain deductions and losses to offset our U.S. income as part of our global financing activities. As a result, this could increase our effective tax rate in Fiscal 2026 and beyond. We will continue to evaluate its impact as further information becomes available. 
 Net Income Attributable to Capri 
 As a result of the foregoing, our net income decreased 66 million to 24 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 90 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 42 

Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the six months ended September 28, 2024 with the six months ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table details the results of our operations for the six months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and expresses the relationship of certain line items to total revenue as a percentage (dollars in millions): Six Months Ended Change Change of Total Revenue for the Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Statements of Operations Data: Total revenue 2,146 2,520 (374) (14.8) Cost of goods sold 763 876 (113) (12.9) 35.6 34.8 Gross profit 1,383 1,644 (261) (15.9) 64.4 65.2 Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,288 1,353 (65) (4.8) 60.0 53.7 Depreciation and amortization 96 93 3 3.2 4.5 3.7 Impairment of assets 43 20 23 NM 2.0 0.8 Restructuring and other expense (income) 2 (2) 4 NM 0.1 (0.1) Total operating expenses 1,429 1,464 (35) (2.4) 66.6 58.1 (Loss) income from operations (46) 180 (226) NM (2.1) 7.1 Interest (income) expense, net (14) 11 (25) NM (0.7) 0.4 Foreign currency (gain) loss (12) 18 (30) NM (0.6) 0.7 (Loss) income before income taxes (20) 151 (171) NM (0.9) 6.0 (Benefit) provision for income taxes (31) 13 (44) NM (1.4) 0.5 Net income 11 138 (127) (92.0) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 1 1 NM Net income attributable to Capri 10 138 (128) (92.8) 
 
 NM Not meaningful 
 Total Revenue 
 Total revenue decreased 374 million, or 14.8 , to 2.146 billion for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 2.520 billion for the six months ended September 30, 2023, which included net unfavorable foreign currency effects of approximately 13 million, as a result of the strengthening of the United States dollar compared to the Japanese Yen, Chinese Renminbi and Euro for the six months ended September 28, 2024. On a constant currency basis, our total revenue decreased 361 million, or 14.3 . The decrease is primarily attributable to continuing macroeconomic headwinds resulting in softening demand globally for fashion luxury goods impacting each of our brands. 
 Six Months Ended Change (in millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change As Reported Constant Currency Versace 420 539 (119) (22.1) (21.5) Jimmy Choo 313 315 (2) (0.6) Michael Kors 1,413 1,666 (253) (15.2) (14.7) Total revenue 2,146 2,520 (374) (14.8) (14.3) 
 Versace revenues decreased 119 million, or 22.1 , to 420 million for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 539 million for the six months ended September 30, 2023, which included unfavorable foreign currency effects of 3 million. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased 116 million, or 21.5 , primarily due to softening demand globally for fashion luxury goods. 
 43 

Jimmy Choo revenues decreased 2 million, or 0.6 , to 313 million for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 315 million for the six months ended September 30, 2023, which included unfavorable foreign currency effects of 2 million. On a constant currency basis, revenue was flat, primarily attributable to higher revenues in EMEA offset by lower revenues in Asia. 
 Michael Kors revenues decreased 253 million, or 15.2 , to 1.413 billion for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 1.666 billion for the six months ended September 30, 2023, which included unfavorable foreign currency effects of 8 million. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased 245 million, or 14.7 , primarily due to softening demand globally for fashion luxury goods. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit decreased 261 million, or 15.9 , to 1.383 billion for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 1.644 billion for the six months ended September 30, 2023, which included net unfavorable foreign currency effects of 6 million. Gross profit as a percentage of total revenue was 64.4 for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 65.2 for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in gross profit margin primarily related to lower full price sell-throughs partially offset by favorable channel mix for the six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 Total operating expenses decreased 35 million, or 2.4 , to 1.429 billion for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 1.464 billion for the six months ended September 30, 2023. Our operating expenses included a net favorable foreign currency impact of approximately 7 million. Total operating expenses increased to 66.6 as a percentage of total revenue for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 58.1 for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The components that comprise total operating expenses are explained below. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 65 million, or 4.8 , to 1.288 billion for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 1.353 billion for the six months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the timing of marketing spend in the prior year, particularly related to the timing of the Versace fall fashion show, decreased retail store costs and decreased unallocated corporate expenses. 
 As a percentage of total revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 60.0 for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 53.7 for the six months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to deleveraging of expenses on lower revenues for the six months ended September 28, 2024. 
 Unallocated corporate expenses, which are included within selling, general and administrative expenses discussed above, but are not directly attributable to a reportable segment, decreased 15 million, or 10.6 , to 127 million for the six months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to 142 million for the six months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in professional fees and information technology costs related to certain Capri transformation projects which are now complete. 
 Impairment of Assets 
 For the six months ended September 28, 2024, we recognized asset impairment charges of 43 million primarily related to operating lease right-of-use assets at certain Versace and Michael Kors store locations. For the six months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized asset impairment charges of 20 million primarily related to operating lease right-of-use assets at certain Versace and Michael Kors store locations. See Note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 44 

Restructuring and Other Expense (Income) 
 During the six months ended September 28, 2024, we recorded expenses of 2 million, primarily related to lease termination and store closure costs. During the six months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded other income of 2 million, primarily related to a 10 million gain on the sale of a long-lived corporate asset, partially offset by expenses related to equity awards issued in connection with the acquisition of Versace. See Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Restructuring and other expense is not evaluated as part of our reportable segments results (see Segment Information above for additional information). 
 (Loss) Income from Operations 
 As a result of the foregoing, loss from operations was 46 million for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to income from operations of 180 million for the six months ended September 30, 2023. Loss from operations as a percentage of total revenue was 2.1 for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to income from operations of 7.1 for the six months ended September 30, 2023. See Segment Information above for a reconciliation of our segment operating income to total operating (loss) income. 
 Six Months Ended (in millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Income (loss) from operations: Versace (20) 38 (58) NM Jimmy Choo (1) 7 (8) NM Michael Kors 162 299 (137) (45.8) Total segment income from operations 141 344 (203) (59.0) Operating Margin: Versace (4.8) 7.1 Jimmy Choo (0.3) 2.2 Michael Kors 11.5 17.9 
 
 NM Not meaningful 
 Versace recorded a loss from operations of 20 million for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to income of 38 million for the six months ended September 30, 2023. Operating margin decreased from 7.1 for the six months ended September 30, 2023, to an operating loss of 4.8 for the six months ended September 28, 2024, primarily due to deleveraging of operating expenses on lower revenues partially offset by decreased marketing expenses compared to the prior year as noted above. 
 Jimmy Choo recorded a loss from operations of 1 million for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to income of 7 million for the six months ended September 30, 2023. Operating margin decreased from 2.2 for the six months ended September 30, 2023, to an operating loss of 0.3 for the six months ended September 28, 2024, primarily due to lower full price sell-throughs compared to the prior year and increased retail store costs. 
 Michael Kors recorded income from operations of 162 million for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 299 million for the six months ended September 30, 2023. Operating margin decreased from 17.9 for the six months ended September 30, 2023, to 11.5 for the six months ended September 28, 2024, primarily due to deleveraging of operating expenses on lower revenues compared to the prior year. 
 Interest (Income) Expense, net 
 We recognized 14 million of interest income for the six months ended September 28, 2024 compared to 11 million of interest expense for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The 25 million improvement in interest (income) expense, net, is primarily due to higher interest income from our net investment hedges and lower average borrowings and effective interest 
 45 

rates on our outstanding debt (see Note 10 and Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information). 
 Foreign Currency (Gain) Loss 
 For the six months ended September 28, 2024, we recognized a net foreign currency gain of 12 million, primarily attributable to the remeasurement of intercompany transactions with certain of our subsidiaries. For the six months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a net foreign currency loss of 18 million, primarily attributable to the remeasurement of intercompany transactions with certain of our subsidiaries. 
 (Benefit) Provision for Income Taxes 
 The benefit for income taxes was 31 million on a pre-tax loss of 20 million for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to a provision of 13 million on pre-tax income of 151 million for the six months ended September 30, 2023. Our effective tax rate for the six months ended September 28, 2024 compared to our effective tax rate for the six months ended September 30, 2023 is not a meaningful metric due to the pre-tax loss in the current year and pre-tax income for the prior year. Our effective tax rate differs from the U.K. federal statutory rate of 25 primarily related to the release of 29 million of an uncertain tax provision related to Italian share-based compensation tax deductions as a result of a recently issued, favorable tax ruling. 
 Our effective tax rate may fluctuate from time to time due to the effects of changes in United States federal, state and local taxes and tax rates in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, factors such as the geographic mix of earnings, enacted tax legislation and the results of various global tax strategies, may also impact our effective tax rate in future periods. 
 On August 6, 2024, the United States Treasury and the IRS released proposed regulations that address several long-standing issues related to dual consolidated losses and introduce new rules for disregarded payment losses. If finalized as proposed, the changes related to disregarded payment losses could impact how we utilize certain deductions and losses to offset our U.S. income as part of our global financing activities. As a result, this could increase our effective tax rate in Fiscal 2026 and beyond. We will continue to evaluate its impact as further information becomes available. 
 Net Income Attributable to Capri 
 As a result of the foregoing, our net income decreased 128 million to 10 million for the six months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 138 million for the six months ended September 30, 2023. 
 46 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are the cash flows generated from our operations, along with borrowings available under our credit facilities (see below discussion regarding Revolving Credit Facilities and available cash and cash equivalents. Our primary use of this liquidity is to fund the ongoing cash requirements, including our working capital needs and capital investments in our business, debt repayments, acquisitions, returns of capital, including share repurchases and other corporate activities. We believe that the cash generated from our operations, together with borrowings available under our revolving credit facilities and 364 Day Term Loan and available cash and cash equivalents, will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs for the next 12 months and beyond, including investments made and expenses incurred in connection with our store opening and renovation plans, investments in corporate and distribution facilities, continued IT system development, e-commerce and marketing initiatives. We spent 70 million on capital expenditures during the six months ended September 28, 2024. 
 The Capri transformation program represents a multi-year, multi-project initiative extending through Fiscal 2026 intended to improve the operating effectiveness and efficiency of our organization by creating best in class shared platforms across our brands and by expanding our digital capabilities. These initiatives cover multiple aspects of our operations including supply chain, marketing, omni-channel customer experience, e-commerce, data analytics and IT infrastructure. During Fiscal 2024, the remaining operational and IT transformation projects were paused and we will reassess this program, along with related timing, during Fiscal 2025. 
 The following table sets forth key indicators of our liquidity and capital resources (in millions): As of September 28, 2024 March 30, 2024 Balance Sheet Data: Cash and cash equivalents 182 199 Working capital (123) (87) Total assets 6,792 6,689 Short-term debt 471 462 Long-term debt 1,237 1,261 
 Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash Flows Provided by (Used In): Operating activities 133 (97) Investing activities (79) (90) Financing activities (67) 198 Effect of exchange rate changes (1) (23) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (14) (12) 
 Cash Provided by (used in) Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 133 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to net cash used in operating activities of 97 million for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities were primarily attributable to a more favorable working capital position in the current year including improved Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable positions, partially offset by a decrease in our net income after non-cash adjustments. 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 79 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to net cash used in investing activities of 90 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities were primarily attributable to lower capital expenditures of 20 million, partially offset by 9 million of acquisition related payments compared to prior year. 
 47 

Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 67 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 198 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash used by financing activities of 265 million was primarily attributable to lower net debt borrowings of 364 million partially offset by a decrease in cash payments to repurchase our ordinary shares of 102 million compared to prior year. 

48 

Debt Facilities 
 The following table presents a summary of our borrowing capacity and amounts outstanding as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024 (in millions): As of September 28, 2024 March 30, 2024 Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility: Revolving Credit Facility (excluding up to a 500 million accordion feature) (1) 
 Total availability 1,500 1,500 Borrowings outstanding (2) 
 719 764 Letter of credit outstanding 2 2 Remaining availability 779 734 364 Day Term Loan 450 million) (1) 
 Total availability 450 Remaining availability 450 Versace Term Loan (450 Million Euro) Borrowings outstanding, net of debt issuance costs (3) 
 501 485 Senior Notes due 2024 Borrowings outstanding, net of debt issuance costs and discount amortization (2) 
 450 450 Other Borrowings (4) 
 38 24 Hong Kong Uncommitted Credit Facility: Total availability (70 million Hong Kong Dollars) (5) 
 9 9 Borrowings outstanding Remaining availability (70 million Hong Kong Dollars) 9 9 China Uncommitted Credit Facility: Total availability (75 million Chinese Yuan) (5) 
 11 10 Borrowings outstanding Total and remaining availability (75 million Chinese Yuan) 11 10 Japan Credit Facility: Total availability (1.0 billion Japanese Yen) 7 7 Borrowings outstanding Remaining availability (1.0 billion Japanese Yen) 7 7 Versace Uncommitted Credit Facilities: Total availability (40 million Euro) (5) 
 45 43 Borrowings outstanding Remaining availability (40 million Euro) 45 43 Total borrowings outstanding (1) 
 1,708 1,723 Total remaining availability 1,301 803 
 49 

(1) The financial covenant in our 2022 Credit Facility requires us to comply with the quarterly maximum net leverage ratio test of 4.00 to 1.0. As of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants related to the agreements then in effect governing our debt. On August 23, 2024, we entered into a first incremental term loan amendment to provide for a 450 million 364 Day Term Loan which utilized the 500 million accordion feature. The 500 million accordion feature was fully available to us as of March 30, 2024. See Note 10 and Note 18 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 (2) As of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, all amounts are recorded as long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets, besides the Senior Notes, due in November 2024, which are recorded within short-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets as of September 28, 2024. 
 (3) On December 5, 2022, Gianni Versace S.r.l., our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a credit facility, which provides a senior unsecured term loan in an aggregate principal amount of 450 million. As of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, all amounts are recorded as long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (4) The balance as of September 28, 2024 consists of 20 million related to our supplier financing program recorded within short-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets, 11 million related to the sale of certain Versace tax receivables, with 1 million and 10 million, respectively, recorded within short-term debt and long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets and 7 million of other loans recorded as long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets. The balance as of March 30, 2024 consists of 11 million related to our supplier finance program recorded within short-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets, 11 million related to the sale of certain Versace tax receivables, with 1 million and 10 million recorded within short-term debt and long-term debt, respectively, and 2 million of other loans recorded as long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (5) The balance as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024 represents the total availability of the credit facility, which excludes bank guarantees. 
 We believe that our 2022 Credit Facility is adequately diversified with no undue concentration in any one financial institution. As of September 28, 2024, there were 17 financial institutions participating in the facility, with none maintaining a maximum commitment percentage in excess of 10 . We have no reason to believe that the participating institutions will be unable to fulfill their obligations to provide financing in accordance with the terms of the 2022 Credit Facility. 
 See Note 10 in the accompanying financial statements and Note 12 in our Fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K for detailed information relating to our credit facilities and debt obligations. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 The following table presents our treasury share repurchases during the six months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (dollars in millions): 
 Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cost of shares repurchased under share repurchase program 100 Fair value of shares withheld to cover tax obligations for vested restricted share awards 
 4 6 Total cost of treasury shares repurchased 4 106 Shares repurchased under share repurchase program 2,637,102 Shares withheld to cover tax withholding obligations 105,470 172,112 105,470 2,809,214 
 On November 9, 2022, we announced our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the Existing Share Repurchase Plan to purchase up to 1.0 billion of our outstanding ordinary shares, providing additional capacity to return cash to shareholders over the longer term. As of September 28, 2024, the remaining availability under the Existing Share Repurchase Plan was 300 million. 
 Share repurchases may be made in open market or privately negotiated transactions and/or pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, trading restrictions under our insider trading policy and other relevant factors; however, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, and subject to certain limited exceptions, we may not repurchase its ordinary shares other than the acceptance of our ordinary shares as payment of the exercise price of our options or for withholding taxes in respect of our equity awards. Accordingly, we did not repurchase any of our ordinary shares since entering into the Merger Agreement pursuant to the Existing Share Repurchase Plan, and we do not expect to 
 50 

repurchase any of our ordinary shares in connection with the Existing Share Repurchase Plan prior to the Merger or earlier termination of the Merger Agreement. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
 Please refer to the Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments disclosure within the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of our Fiscal 2024 Form 10-K for a detailed disclosure of our other contractual obligations and commitments as of March 30, 2024. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have not created, and are not party to, any special-purpose or off-balance sheet entities for the purpose of raising capital, incurring debt or operating our business. Our off-balance sheet commitments relating to our outstanding letters of credit were 30 million at September 28, 2024, including 28 million in letters of credit issued outside of the 2022 Credit Facility. In addition, as of September 28, 2024, bank guarantees of approximately 40 million were supported by our various credit facilities. We do not have any other off-balance sheet arrangements or relationships with entities that are not consolidated into our financial statements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 3 to the accompanying interim consolidated financial statements for recently issued accounting standards, which may have an impact on our financial statements and/or disclosures upon adoption. 
 51 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to certain market risks during the normal course of our business, such as credit risk arising from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, as well as fluctuations in interest rates. In order to manage these risks, we employ certain strategies to mitigate the effect of these fluctuations. We may enter into foreign currency forward contracts, net investment hedges, fair value hedges and interest rate swaps to manage our foreign currency exposure to the fluctuations of certain foreign currencies. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Forward Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts 
 We are exposed to risks on certain purchase commitments to foreign suppliers based on the value of our purchasing subsidiaries local currency relative to the currency requirement of the supplier on the date of the commitment. As such, we may enter into forward foreign currency exchange contracts that generally mature in 12 months or less and are consistent with the related purchase commitments to manage our exposure to the changes in the value of the Euro and the Canadian Dollar. These contracts are recorded at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets as either an asset or liability and are derivative contracts to hedge cash flow risks. Certain of these contracts are designated as hedges for hedge accounting purposes, while certain of these contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. Accordingly, the changes in the fair value of the majority of these contracts at the balance sheet date are recorded in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income, and upon maturity (settlement) are recorded in, or reclassified into, our cost of goods sold or operating expenses, in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income as applicable to the transactions for which the forward foreign currency exchange contracts were established. 
 There were no forward foreign currency exchange contracts outstanding as of September 28, 2024. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 We are exposed to adverse foreign currency exchange rate movements related to our net investment hedges. As of September 28, 2024, we have multiple fixed to fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of 2.95 billion to hedge our net investment in CHF denominated subsidiaries against future volatility in the exchange rates between the United States dollar and CHF. Under the terms of these contracts, we will exchange the monthly and semi-annual fixed rate payments on United States notional amounts for fixed rate payments of 0 in CHF. Based on the net investment hedges outstanding as of September 28, 2024, a 10 appreciation or devaluation of the United States dollar compared to the level of foreign currency exchange rates for currencies under contract as of September 28, 2024, would result in a net increase or decrease, respectively, of approximately 322 million in the fair value of these contracts. These contracts have maturity dates between July 2025 and October 2030. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we have multiple float-to-float cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of 1 billion to hedge our net investment in Euro denominated subsidiaries against future volatility in the exchange rates between the United States dollar and Euro. We will exchange Euro floating rate payments based on EURIBOR for the United States dollar floating rate amounts based on SOFR CME Term over the life of the agreement. The fixed rate component of semi-annual Euro payments range from 1.149 to 1.215 . Based on the net investment hedges outstanding as of September 28, 2024, a 10 appreciation or devaluation of the United States dollar compared to the level of foreign currency exchange rates for currencies under contract as of September 28, 2024, would result in a net increase or decrease, respectively, of approximately 110 million in the fair value of these contracts. These contracts have maturity dates between May 2028 and August 2030. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we have multiple fixed to fixed cross-currency swap agreements with aggregate notional amounts of 1.384 billion to hedge our net investment in Euro denominated subsidiaries against future volatility in the exchange rates between the United States dollar and Euro. Under the terms of these contracts, we will exchange the monthly and semi-annual fixed rate payments on United States dollar notional amounts for fixed rate payments of 0 in Euros. Based on the net investment hedges outstanding as of September 28, 2024, a 10 appreciation or devaluation of the United States dollar compared to the level of foreign currency exchange rates for currencies under contract as of September 28, 2024, would result in a net increase or decrease, respectively, of approximately 132 million in the fair value of these contracts. These contracts have maturity dates between January 2027 and July 2031. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk related to borrowings outstanding under our 2022 Credit Facility and our Versace Term Loan. Our 2022 Credit Facility carries interest rates that are tied to the prime rate and other institutional lending rates 
 52 

(depending on the particular origination of borrowing), as further described in Note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Our Versace Term Loan carries interest rates that are tied to EURIBOR. Our Hong Kong Credit Facility carries interest at a rate that is tied to the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate. Our China Credit Facility carries interest at a rate that is tied to the People s Bank of China s Benchmark lending rate. Our Japan Credit Facility carries interest at a rate posted by the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group. Our Uncommitted Versace Credit Facilities carries interest at a rate set by the bank on the date of borrowing that is tied to the European Central Bank. 
 As part of our strategy to limit exposure to interest rate risk, we entered into multiple interest rate swaps with aggregate notional amounts of 800 million, of which 500 million was related to the Company s revolving credit facility expiring July 2027 and 300 million was related to the Company s Versace Term Loan expiring December 2025. The swap was designated as a cash flow hedge designed to mitigate the impact of adverse interest rate fluctuations for a portion of our variable-rate debt equal to the notional amount of the swap. Therefore, our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income and cash flows are exposed to changes in those interest rates. At September 28, 2024, we had 719 million borrowings outstanding under our 2022 Credit Facility and 501 million outstanding, net of debt issuance costs, under our Versace Term Loan. 
 At March 30, 2024, we had 764 million borrowings outstanding under our 2022 Credit Facility and 485 million, outstanding, net of debt issuance costs, under our Versace Term Loan. These balances are not indicative of future balances that may be outstanding under our revolving credit facilities that may be subject to fluctuations in interest rates. Any increases in the applicable interest rates would cause an increase to the interest expense relative to any outstanding balance at that date. 
 Credit Risk 
 As of September 28, 2024, our 450 million Senior Notes, due in November 2024, bear interest at a fixed rate equal to 4.250 per year, payable semi-annually. Our Senior Notes interest rate payable may be subject to adjustments from time to time if either Moody s or S P (or a substitute rating agency), downgrades (or downgrades and subsequently upgrades) the credit rating assigned to the Senior Notes. See Note 18 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 On an overall basis, our exposure to market risk has not significantly changed from what we reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Macroeconomic conditions and inflationary pressures continue to present new and emerging uncertainty to the financial markets. See Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2024 for additional information. 
 53 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, or CEO, and Chief Financial Officer, or CFO, of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) as of September 28, 2024. This evaluation was performed based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), the 2013 Framework. Based on this assessment, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 28, 2024 are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except as discussed below, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 28, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 We are currently undertaking a major, multi-year ERP implementation to upgrade our information technology platforms and systems worldwide. The implementation is occurring in phases over several years. We have launched the finance functionality of the ERP system in certain regions starting in Fiscal 2023 and continued in Fiscal 2025. 
 As a result of this multi-year implementation, we expect certain changes to our processes and procedures, which in turn, could result in changes to our internal control over financial reporting. While we expect this implementation to strengthen our internal control over financial reporting by automating certain manual processes and standardizing business processes and reporting across our organization, we will continue to evaluate and monitor our internal control over financial reporting as processes and procedures in the affected areas evolve. See Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2024 for additional information. 
 54 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Ordinary Course Litigation 
 We are involved in various routine legal proceedings incident to the ordinary course of our business. We believe that the outcome of all pending legal proceedings, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Merger-Related Litigation 
 Shareholder Complaints. In connection with the Merger Agreement, a number of complaints have been filed in federal and state court as individual actions, which we refer to collectively as the Complaints . The Complaints allege that the preliminary proxy statement filed by Capri on September 8, 2023 in connection with the Merger Agreement (the Preliminary Proxy or the definitive proxy statement filed by Capri on September 20, 2023 (the Definitive Proxy, and together with the Preliminary Proxy, the Merger Proxy ), as applicable, misrepresents and/or omits certain purportedly material information. The Complaints also assert violations of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder against Capri and the Board of Directors. The Complaints seek, among other things: (i) an injunction enjoining the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (ii) rescission or rescissory damages in the event the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are consummated; (iii) direction that defendants account for all damages suffered as a result of any wrongdoing; (iv) costs of the action, including plaintiffs attorneys and expert fees and expenses; and (v) other relief the court may deem just and proper. In addition to the Complaints, purported shareholders of Capri have sent demand letters (which we refer to as the Demands, and together with the Complaints, the Matters alleging similar deficiencies regarding the disclosures made in the Merger Proxy. However, in order to avoid the risk that the Matters delay or otherwise adversely affect the Merger, and to minimize the costs, risks and uncertainties inherent in litigation, and without admitting any liability or wrongdoing, Capri provided supplemental disclosures to the Merger Proxy in Capri's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 17, 2023. Capri management believes that the Matters are without merit. Capri cannot provide assurance regarding the outcomes of the Matters and may be subject to additional demands or filed actions. If additional similar complaints or demands are filed or sent, absent new or significantly different allegations, Capri will not necessarily disclose such additional filings or demands. 
 
 Federal Trade Commission Lawsuit . As previously disclosed, on August 10, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Tapestry, Sunrise Merger Sub, Inc., a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Tapestry and Capri, pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub will merge with and into Capri with Capri surviving the Merger and continuing as a wholly owned subsidiary of Tapestry. The Merger has been approved by the boards of directors of Capri and Tapestry and by the shareholders of Capri. Completion of the Merger is subject to, among other customary conditions, the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976. The Company has received regulatory approval from all countries except for the United States. In connection with the Merger, on April 22, 2024, the U.S. FTC filed a lawsuit in the District Court against Tapestry and us seeking to block the Merger, claiming that the Merger would violate Section 7 of the Clayton Act and that the Merger Agreement and the Merger constitute unfair methods of competition in violation of Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act and should be enjoined. The preliminary injunction hearing concluded in September 2024, and on October 24, 2024, the District Court granted the FTC's motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the Merger pending the completion of the FTC's in-house administrative proceeding which is currently expected to begin on December 9, 2024. On October 28, 2024, Tapestry and Capri jointly filed a notice of appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The parties may not be successful on appeal and the appeal may not be heard on a timely basis or at all. If the Merger is unable to be consummated, there can be no assurance that any other transaction acceptable to us will be offered and our business, prospects and/or results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There are no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item IA. Risk Factors, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 30, 2024. 
 55 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information of our ordinary shares repurchased or withheld during the three months ended September 28, 2024: 
 Total Number 
 of Shares (1) 
 Average Price per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Remaining Dollar Value of Shares That May Be Purchased Under the Programs (in millions) June 30 - July 27 300 July 28 - August 24 11,732 33.20 300 August 25 - September 28 300 11,732 
 (1) Share repurchases may be made in open market or privately negotiated transactions and/or pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, trading restrictions under the Company s insider trading policy and other relevant factors; however, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, and subject to certain limited exceptions, we may not repurchase our ordinary shares other than the acceptance of our ordinary shares as payment of the exercise price of our options or for withholding taxes in respect of our equity awards. Accordingly, we did not repurchase any of our ordinary shares during the three months ended September 28, 2024 pursuant to the Existing Share Repurchase Plan, and we do not expect to repurchase any of our ordinary shares in connection with the Existing Share Repurchase Plan prior to the Merger or earlier termination of the Merger Agreement, except withhold to cover, which these shares relate to. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 (a) As previously announced during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a Global Optimization Plan in order to streamline the Company s operating model, maximize efficiency and support long-term profitable growth. This Item 5 is being filed solely to update the Item 9B disclosure included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on May 29, 2024, in order to provide the amount of any material charges relating to the Global Optimization Plan by major type of cost that the Company believes are now determinable. 
 During the three and six months ended September 28, 2024, the Company closed and , respectively, of its retail stores which have been incorporated into the Global Optimization Plan. Net restructuring expenses recorded in connection with the Global Optimization Plan during the three and six months ended September 28, 2024 were million and million, respectively, primarily related to lease termination and store closure costs. 
 The exact amounts or range of amounts and timing of the Global Optimization Plan charges and future cash expenditures associated therewith are undeterminable at this time, however the Company continues to evaluate its store fleet for further optimization and store closures in addition to the previously announced plan. The Company will either disclose in a Current Report on Form 8-K, or disclose in another periodic filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the amount of any material charges relating to the Global Optimization Plan by major type of cost once such amounts or range of amounts are determinable. 
 
 This disclosure is intended to satisfy the requirements of Item 2.05 of Form 8-K. 
 (c) During the quarterly period ended September 28, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

56 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 a. Exhibits 
 Please refer to the accompanying Exhibit Index included after the signature page of this report for a list of exhibits filed or furnished with this report. 
 57 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized on November 7, 2024. CAPRI HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/ John D. Idol Name: John D. Idol Title: Chairman Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ Thomas J. Edwards, Jr. Name: Thomas J. Edwards, Jr. Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 58 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description 10.1 
 First Incremental Term Loan Amendment dated as of August 23, 2024 to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2022 among Capri Holdings Limited, Michael Kors (USA), Inc., the foreign subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the guarantors party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders and issuing banks and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A (File No. 001-35368), filed on August 27, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.1 The following financial information from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024 formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

59 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cpri10-q09282024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, John D. Idol, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Capri Holdings Limited 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 By s John D. Idol John D. Idol Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cpri10-q09282024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Thomas J. Edwards, Jr., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Capri Holdings Limited 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 By s Thomas J. Edwards, Jr. Thomas J. Edwards, Jr. Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cpri10-q09282024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Capri Holdings Limited (the Company for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John D. Idol, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Capri Holdings Limited. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s John D. Idol John D. Idol Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this Report. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cpri10-q09282024ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Capri Holdings Limited (the Company for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas J. Edwards, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Capri Holdings Limited. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Thomas J. Edwards, Jr. Thomas J. Edwards, Jr. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this Report. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cpri-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cpri-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cpri-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cpri-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cpri-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

