<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241220_10-K-A_edgar_data_1889450_0001493152-24-051026.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4760214</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>257878</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>947021</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1269825</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>991929</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1189882</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-051026.hdr.sgml : 20241220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241220153816
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-051026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FutureTech II Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001889450
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				872551539
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41289
		FILM NUMBER:		241567724

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		128 GAIL DRIVE
		CITY:			NEW ROCHELLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10805
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9143164805

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		128 GAIL DRIVE
		CITY:			NEW ROCHELLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10805

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Future Tech II Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-051026.txt : 20241220

10-K/A
 1
 form10-ka.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(AMENDMENT NO. 1) 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______ to ______ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As
of June 30, 2023, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the common stock outstanding, other than securities held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed
by reference to the closing sales price on June 30, 2023 for the Class A common stock, trading on such date, as reported on The Nasdaq
Global Market, was . 

As
of April 1, 2024 there were shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 
shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 1 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements; Summary of Risk Factors 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 3 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 10 

Item 2. Properties 
 10 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 11 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 
 
 PART II 
 11 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 12 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 15 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 15 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 15 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 15 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 15 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 15 
 
 PART III 
 16 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 16 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 22 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 22 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 23 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 25 
 
 PART IV 
 26 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 26 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 27 
 
 Signatures 
 28 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

Background
of Restatement 

On
November 18, 2024, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Third Extension Meeting to extend the
deadline by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination and filed a definitive proxy statement on Form 14A dated
October 31, 2024 with the SEC (as amended and supplemented, the Proxy setting forth the estimated redemption price
for the stockholders that may elect to exercises their right to redeem their shares. In the process of preparing for the Third Extension
Meeting, the management of the Company determined that the Company may have overpaid the stockholders who elected to redeem their shares
in connection with a special meeting of stockholders held on August 17, 2023 (the First Extension Meeting and a
special meeting of stockholders held on February 14, 2024 (the Second Extension Meeting ). This prompted the management
and the Audit Committee of the Board of the Directors of the Company to review the Company s previous financial statements the
 Review ), which resulted in the conclusion that the redemption prices in connection with the First Extension Meeting
and the Second Extension Meeting were incorrect, and Company overpaid the redeeming shareholders of the First Extension Meeting and the
Second Extension Meeting Prior Redemption Overpayments ). 

In
connection with the First Extension Meeting and the Second Extension Meeting, FutureTech II Partners LLC (the Sponsor made certain extension loans in the form of non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory notes payable upon consummation of a business
combination (the Extension Loans ). In preparation of the Company s unaudited condensed financial statements
as of and for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 2024 3Q 10-Q and as a result of the Review, the Company
concluded that the prior financials statements could no longer be relied upon due to failure to recognize the Extension Loans as liabilities,
and determined that the affected periods are (i) financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2023 (the Q3 2023
Financial Statements ), (ii) financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Audited Financial
Statements ), (iii) financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2024 (the Q1 2024 Financial
Statements ), and (iv) financial statements as of and for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 (the Q2 2024
Financial Statements , and collectively, the Affected Periods ). 

These
errors resulted in errors in the Original Filing in the accounting of Due from Sponsor, Common stock subject to possible redemption,
accumulated deficit (capital contribution), Notes payable and the redemption price of the Common stock subject to possible redemption.
Accordingly, the Company decided to restate the financial statements of the Affected Periods to correct these errors. 

Internal
Control Considerations 

In
connection with the restatement, management has re-evaluated the effectiveness of Company s disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. As a result of that assessment, the management has concluded that
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December
31, 2023, due to a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for Extension
Loans and in determining the redemption prices. For a discussion of management s consideration of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures, internal controls over financial reporting, and the material weaknesses identified, see Part II, Item 9A, Controls
and Procedures of this Report . 

Items
Amended in this Report 

The
following sections in the Original Filing are revised in this Form 10-K/A, solely as a result of, and to reflect, the restatement: 

Part
II - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Part
II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Part
II - Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Part
IV - Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

For
the convenience of the reader, this Form 10-K/A sets forth the information in the Original Filing in its entirety, as such information
is modified and superseded where necessary to reflect the restatement and related revisions. Except for the foregoing, this Form 10-
K/A speaks as of the date of the Original Filing, does not reflect events that may have occurred subsequent to the Original Filing, and
does not modify or update in any way disclosures made in the Original Filing. Accordingly, this Form 10-K/A should be read in conjunction
with the Company s other filings with the SEC. 

Pursuant
to the rules of the SEC, Part IV, Item 15 of the Original Filing has been amended to include the currently-dated certifications from
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
The certifications of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer are included in this Form 10-K/A as Exhibits 31.1and
32.1. 

PART
I 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS; 

 SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS 

This
Annual Report contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements which are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Some of the statements in this Annual Report
constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or our future performance or future financial condition. These
forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our
company, our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding
our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting and any material weaknesses of the foregoing; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this Annual Report entitled
 Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be
required under applicable securities laws. 

We
use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, seeks, 
 plans, estimates, targets and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially
from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Part I -
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 

Although
we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove
to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these
and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statements in this Annual Report should not be regarded as
a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. 

1 

We
have based the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report,
and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised
to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we may file in the future with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports
on Form 8-K. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in
the section titled Risk Factors , alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and
you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

Our
 public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete
 our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

Our
 public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete
 our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

Your
 only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of
 your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination. 

If
 we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial
 business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

The
 ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
 combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an initial business combination with a target. 

The
 ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to
 complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

Our
 search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
 adversely affected by the ongoing novel coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak. 

If
 we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers and their affiliates may elect
 to purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and
 reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. 

If
 a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
 or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

2 

The
 securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the
 value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.20
 per share. 

You
 will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your
 investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq
 may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
 and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Because
 of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us
 to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
 may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances,
 and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Past
 performance by members of our management team or their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in
 us. 

Our
 sponsor, FutureTech Partners II LLC, was formerly controlled by non-U.S. person and had substantial ties to non-U.S. persons in China.
 As much, we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company since such initial business combination
 may be subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment
 in the United States (CFIUS), and ultimately prohibited. 

Item
1. Business 

In this Report, references to the Company and to we, 
 us and our refer to FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on August 19, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
(the Business Combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated
with emerging growth companies. 

Our
efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location, although we
currently intend to focus on opportunities to acquire U.S. companies in the disruptive technology sector, for example, artificial
intelligence, or AI, robotic process automation, or Robotics, and any other related technology innovations market. We shall not
undertake our initial business combination with any entity with its principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and
Macau). While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on our management
team s differentiated ability to source, acquire and manage a business in the technology industry. 

3 

Our
management team is led by Ray Chen, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Mr. Chen has been Goldenstone Acquisition Ltd. s Chief Financial Officer
since March 2021. He had served as Chief Operating Officer of Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited from August 2020 until it completed business
combination with Sun Car Technology Company in May 2023. Chen served as Director and Chief Operating Officer of Wealthbridge Acquisition
Limited, a special purpose acquisition company, from February 2018 until its business combination with Scienjoy Inc. in May 2020, and
has served as the Investor Relation Officer of Scienjoy until 2022. Mr. Chen served as Chief Executive Officer at Fortissimo Film International
Ltd., a privately-owned film development and production company from August 2016 to January 2018. From January 2013 to February 2016,
Mr. Chen was Chief Executive Officer of Beijing Galloping Horse Film TV Production Co., Ltd. From January 2010 to March 2013, Mr.
Chen was the head of sales in the Beijing Office of Star Jet Co., Ltd. Prior to his Star Jet experience, Mr. Chen was the executive board
member and head of sales in Asia Jet Partners Limited, a privately-owned holding company specializing in general aviation and aircraft
leasing. Mr. Chen joined Asia Jet after his service as Chief Executive Officer at ABC International Inc., a business consulting company
based in Cleveland, Ohio. Mr. Chen attended business and marketing courses at Cleveland State University from September 1991 to June 1995. 

The
Company s sponsor is FutureTech Partners II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). On February
18, 2022, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common
stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000
(the Initial Public Offering ), including full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional Units. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 520,075
units (the Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of
 5,200,750 (the Private Placement ). The Placement Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve a public offering. 

A
total of 117,300,000, comprised of the proceeds from the Offering and the proceeds of private placements that closed on February 18,
2022, net of the underwriting commissions, discounts, and offering expenses, was deposited in a trust account established for the benefit
of our public stockholders. 

Our
Business Strategy 

We
believe that the Artificial Intelligence AI and Robotics sectors are evolving quickly
and will experience substantial growth in the coming years. AI and Robotics have the potential to improve social productivity, bring disruptive
changes to human life, safer work, more affordable products and services, smarter and more human-friendly infrastructures, new markets
and more emerging employment opportunities. AI and Robotics are becoming fully commercialized and bring profound changes to all industries.
The opportunity for technology companies serving these needs has never been greater, and we believe this trend will continue to generate
significant value on a global scale. 

Artificial
Intelligence 

We
believe that we are living in a digital era where AI is poised to reshape our lives. The continuous research and innovation directed
by the tech giants are driving the adoption of advanced AI technologies in industry verticals, such as automotive, healthcare, retail,
finance, and manufacturing. 

The
global artificial intelligence (AI) software market is forecast to grow rapidly in the coming years and reach approximately 126
billion by 2025. We believe the development of AI will facilitate growth in a variety of industries such as auto driving, smart
city, the Internet of things IoT and Robotics. The investment
in AI is also growing rapidly. According to IDC, global investment in AI is projected to grow from approximately 50.1 billion in 2020
to over approximately 110.0 billion in 2024. 

4 

The
 global AI market reached a value of approximately 40.21 billion in 2020. 

The
 AI market is projected to experience strong growth during the next five years, growing by approximately 76.44 billion, representing
 a CAGR of approximately 21 during the forecast period of 2021 - 2025. 

North
 America is expected to represent approximately 56 of the worldwide market s overall growth. 

Robotics 

The
global market for robots is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of approximately 26 percent to reach just under
 210 billion by 2025. Robotics investments boomed during the COVID-19 pandemic. From March 2020 to March 2021, venture firms invested
approximately 6.3 billion into Robotics companies, an increase of nearly 50 from the 4.3 billion that such firms invested during the
prior 12-month period, according to an analysis by venture-capital database PitchBook for Forbes. 

Industrial
Robotics firms, which serve factories and warehouses, accounted for approximately 1.9 billion of such funding, a 90 increase from the
approximately 1.0 billion raised for the prior year, according to PitchBook for Forbes which represents nearly one-third of total
venture investment in that period, demonstrating the increased interest from venture investors in industrial innovation. The commercial
Robotics market was valued at 10.91 billion in 2020, and it is expected to reach a value of 58.56 billion by 2026, at a CAGR of 33.21 ,
during the forecast period (2021 - 2026). 

According
 to Mordor Intelligence, commercial robots are widely used in the field, as autonomous guided, drones, and in medical applications
 due to robots exceptional service as compared to traditional methods. 

Moreover,
 Mordor Intelligence notes that the medical Robotics sector has developed at a rapid rate, as the healthcare industry strongly generally
 favors innovation and the IoT industry and investments in Robotics have been the major contributors to the growth of this market. 

Our
Acquisition Criteria 

The
focus of our management team to create stockholder value by leveraging its experience to improve the efficiency of the business, while
implementing strategies to grow revenue and profits organically and/or through acquisitions. Consistent with our strategy, we have identified
the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we intend
to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may decide to enter into our initial business combination
with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to seek to acquire one or more companies that we believe
have: 

Market
 trend and focus 

We
will focus on hardware technology companies that have large market potentials, mainly in areas of AI and Robotics. Based on the factors
discussed elsewhere in this report, robots are becoming the underlying operating system of our society. Integrated with AI, robots can
perform complex tasks that require rich human experience. Various types of robots have been introduced into the market, such as cleaning
robots, hotel service robots, logistics robots, cruising robots, cooking robots and human-like social robots. These robots are gradually
being integrated into our daily lives and we believe that they will likely be significantly further popularized in the future. 

Opportunity
 for operational improvements 

We
will seek to identify businesses that we believe are stable but at an inflection point and would benefit from our ability to drive improvements
in the target s processes, go-to market strategy, product or service offering, sales and marketing efforts, geographical presence
and/or leadership team. 

5 

Leading
 industry position and competitive market advantage 

We
will seek to acquire a business whose products utilize a proprietary or patented technology, have a significant market position in a
specific geographic or technological niche, or have a significant market position in a specific geographic or technological niche, or
have some other form of distinct competitive advantage. The factors we intend to consider include management s credentials, growth
prospects, competitive dynamics, level of industry consolidation, need for capital investment, intellectual property, barriers to entry,
and merger terms. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business
combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that
our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that
does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder
communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer
documents that we would file with the SEC. 

In
addition to any potential business candidates we may identify on our own, we anticipate that other target business candidates will be
brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large
business enterprises 

Our
Acquisition Process 

In
evaluating a potential target business, we expect to conduct a comprehensive due diligence review to seek to determine a company s
quality and its intrinsic value. That due diligence review may include, among other things, financial statement analysis, detailed document
reviews, technology diligence, multiple meetings with management, consultations with relevant industry and academic experts, competitors,
customers and suppliers, as well as a review of additional information that we will seek to obtain as part of our analysis of a target
company. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect
that the independent members of our board of directors would be involved in the process for considering and approving the transaction. 

Members
of our management team, including our officers and directors, directly or indirectly own our securities and, accordingly, may have a
conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target company is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial
business combination. Each of our officers and directors, as well as our management team, may have a conflict of interest with respect
to evaluating a particular business combination, including if the retention or resignation of any such officers, directors, and management
team members was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to such business combination. 

We
have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. 

Each
of our directors and officers presently have and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or
she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or
directors will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or complete our initial business
combination. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any
director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our company, and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal
obligation. 

6 

Our
founder, sponsor, officers, and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the
period in which we are seeking an initial business combination and their respective participation in any such companies may present additional
conflicts of interest in respect of determining to which such company a particular business combination opportunity should be presented,
particularly in the event there is overlap among the investment mandates of such companies. 

Moreover,
because our management team has significant experience in identifying and executing multiple acquisition opportunities simultaneously
and we are not limited by industry or geography in terms of the acquisition opportunities we can pursue, except with respect to our prohibition
from seeking target acquisitions in China and Hong Kong. In addition, our founder, sponsor, officers, and directors are not required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time
among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we complete one or more initial business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the
value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of
directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. 

If
our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent
determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced
with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets
or prospects. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business for the post-acquisition company to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target or assets sufficient for it not to be required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Even
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial
business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest
in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our
initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction
company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets
test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate
value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for the purposes
of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

7 

The
net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the placement units released to us from the trust account upon the closing
of our initial business combination may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete our initial
business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released
from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemption
of our public shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate
purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest
due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
In addition, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination to
be used following the closing for general corporate purposes as described above. 

There
is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances
or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we
would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a
party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities
or otherwise. None of our sponsors, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with
or after our initial business combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination to fund
our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will
be prohibited from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account;
or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares: (a) on any initial business combination, or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to: (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination, or (y) amend the foregoing
provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) we offer our public
stockholders the opportunity to redeem their public shares 

Employees 

We
currently have one officer. He is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but he devotes as much of their
time as he deems necessary, in the exercise of his respective business judgement, to our affairs and intend to continue doing so until
we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that our officer or any members of our management team devote
in any time period may vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current
stage of the initial business combination process. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
executive offices are located at 128 Gail Drive, New Rochelle, New York 10805, and our telephone number is (914) 316-4805. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

As
a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by
this Item. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this Annual Report are any of the risks described
in our final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material
adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Annual Report, except as follows, there
have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus dated February 15, 2022 filed with the SEC. We may
disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

8 

We
may not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company since such initial business combination may be
subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in
the United States (CFIUS), and ultimately prohibited. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

FutureTech Partners II LLC (the Sponsor was
previously controlled by a non-U.S. person and had substantial ties with non-U.S. persons in China. Currently, our Sponsor is
controlled by a U.S. person and we do not believe that either we or the Sponsor constitute a foreign person under
CFIUS rules and regulations. Our Sponsor owns approximately 39.7 of our outstanding shares. Certain companies requiring
federal-issued licenses in the United States, such as broadcasters and airlines, may be subject to rules or regulations that limit
foreign ownership. In addition, CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign
investment in the United States by foreign persons in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of
the United States. Therefore, because we may be considered a foreign person under such rules and regulations, we could
be subject to foreign ownership restrictions and/or CFIUS review if our proposed business combination is between us and a U.S.
target company engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security. The scope of CFIUS was expanded by the Foreign
Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments
in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent
implementing regulations that are now in force, also subject certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. Therefore, if
our potential initial business combination with a U.S. target company falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions, we
may be unable to consummate a business combination with such target company. In addition, if our potential business combination
falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to
CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after
closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions to
mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a
U.S. business of the combined company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance. The foreign ownership
limitations, and the potential impact of CFIUS, may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent us from pursuing
certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our stockholders. As a
result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be
adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign
ownership issues. 

Moreover,
the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our
initial business combination (24 months, or up to 33 months, if we extend the time to complete a business combination) our failure to
obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public stockholders
may only receive 10.20 per share initially, and our warrants would expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose any potential
investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation
in the combined company. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance
requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities
so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination
and instead to liquidate the Company. 

There
is currently some uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered
investment company. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted. In addition,
we would be subject to burdensome compliance requirements. We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to regulation
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, if we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance
with and regulation under the Investment Company Act, we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and expenses for which we
have not allotted funds. As a result, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company,
we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial Business Combination and instead liquidate the Company. Were we to liquidate, our warrants
would expire worthless, and our securityholders would lose the investment opportunity associated with an investment in the combined company,
including any potential price appreciation of our securities. 

9 

To
mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, in February 2024, we
instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account to liquidate the investments
held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank
until the earlier of the consummation of our initial Business Combination or our liquidation. As a result, following such liquidation
of investments in the Trust Account, we will receive less interest on the funds held in the Trust Account than we would have received
had we not liquidated such investments in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive
upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 

Until
February 2024, the funds in the Trust Account had been, since our IPO, held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a
maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company
(including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment
Company Act, in February 2024, we instructed the trustee to instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in an interest-bearing demand
deposit account at a bank until the earlier of the consummation of our initial Business Combination or our liquidation. Following such
liquidation, we may receive less interest on the funds held in the Trust Account than the interest we would have received pursuant to
our original Trust Account investments; however, interest previously earned on the funds held in the Trust Account still may be released
to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain other expenses as permitted. Consequently, the transfer of the funds in the Trust Account
into an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank in February 2024 could reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would
receive upon any redemption or our liquidation. 

In
the event that we are deemed to be an investment company, despite the change in investments in the Trust Account, we may be required
to liquidate the Company, and the longer the period before the investment change, the greater the risk of being considered an investment
company. 

We
have incurred and expect to incur significant costs associated with the business combination. Whether or not the business combination
is completed, the incurrence of these costs will reduce the amount of cash available to be used for other corporate purposes by us if
the business combination is not completed. 

We
expect to incur significant transaction and transition costs associated with the business combination and operating as a public company
following the closing of the business combination. We may also incur additional costs to retain key employees. Certain transaction expenses
incurred in connection with the business combination, include all legal, accounting, consulting, investment banking and other fees, expenses
and costs, and will be paid by the combined company following the closing of the business combination. Even if the business combination
is not completed, we expect to incur transactions expenses. These expenses will reduce the amount of cash available to be used for other
corporate purposes by us if the business combination is not completed. 

A
new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with future redemptions by us of our shares. 

On
August 16, 2022, the IR Act was signed into federal law which provides for, among other things, a 1 excise tax on the fair market value
of stock repurchased by a U.S. corporation beginning in 2023, subject to certain exceptions. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing
corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The U.S. Department of the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. It is unclear at this time
how and to what extent it will apply to SPAC redemptions and liquidations, but since we are a publicly listed Delaware corporation, we
are a covered corporation within the meaning of the IR Act. Consequently, our Board believes that, absent additional guidance
and unless an exception is available, there is a significant risk that this excise tax will apply to any redemptions of our public shares
after December 31, 2022. The Company confirms that amounts placed in the Trust Account in connection with the Company s initial
public offering and any Extension Payments, as well as any interest earned thereon, will not be used to pay for the Excise Tax. 

If we do not regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5450(a)(2) or Nasdaq does not grant us an extension on the time to regain compliance with the Listing Rule 5450(a)(2), then Nasdaq
will likely suspend trading in or delist our securities. 

Our securities are listed on the
Nasdaq Global Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2) requires the Company to have a minimum of 400 total holders for continued listing
on the Nasdaq Global Market (the Holder Requirement ). The Company has a hearing scheduled with Nasdaq s Hearings Panel
on April 30, 2024 to stay delisting of the Company s securities and provide the Company with a 180-calendar-day extension to regain
compliance with the Holder Requirement. There is a risk that we cannot regain compliance with the Holder Requirement even if we are granted
an extension of 180 calendar days to complete our plan to regain compliance. Trading in our securities may be suspended and we may be
subject to delisting by Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that (i) Nasdaq will not delist our securities upon a decision by the Nasdaq Hearings
Panel or (ii) we will regain compliance with the Holder Requirement even if we are granted an extension of 180 calendar days by the Hearings
Panel. 

If Nasdaq delists any of our securities
from trading and we are unable to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could potentially
be quoted on an over-the-counter market. However, if this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
1C. Cybersecurity 

As a blank check company, we do
not have any operations and our sole business activity has been to search for and consummate a Business Combination. However, because
we have investments in our Trust Account and bank deposits and we depend on the digital technologies of third parties, we and third parties
may be subject to attacks on or security breaches in our or their systems. Because of our reliance on the technologies of third parties,
we also depend upon the personnel and the processes of third parties to protect against cybersecurity threats, and we have no personnel
or processes of our own for this purpose. In the event of a cybersecurity incident impacting us, the management team will report to the
Board and provide updates on the management team s incident response plan for addressing and mitigating any risks associated with
such an incident. As an early-stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected
against such occurrences. We also lack sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability
to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have material adverse consequences
on our business and lead to financial loss. We have not encountered any cybersecurity incidents since our Initial Public Offering. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
executive offices are located at 128 Gail Drive, New Rochelle, New York 10805 and our telephone number is (914) 316-4805. We have agreed
to pay FutureTech Partners II LLC a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support
and the use of this office location is included in such 10,000 monthly payment. During the year ended December 31, 2023, 0
was paid. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We consider
our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

10 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of business. Our management
believes that there are currently no claims or actions pending against us, the ultimate disposition of which could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our
units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols FTIIU, FTII 
and FTIIW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on February 16, 2022. Our Class B common stock is not listed
on any exchange. 

As
of March 30, 2024, there were 2 holders of record of our units, 4 holders of record of our Class A common stock, 6
holders of record of our Class B common stock and 1 holder of record of our warrants. A substantially greater number of holders of Class
A common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares of record are held by banks, brokers, and other financial
institutions. As a result, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by the record holders of our common
stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

See
 Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering, below. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

On
February 18, 2022, we completed our Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 units. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock
and one redeemable warrant. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price
of 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000. 

11 

On
February 18, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private sale of 520,075 Placement Units to
the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 5,200,750. The Placement Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve a public offering. 

No
payments for our expenses were made in the offering described above directly or indirectly to (i) any of our directors, officers or their
associates, (ii) any person(s) owning 10 or more of any class of our equity securities or (iii) any of our affiliates, except in connection
with the repayment of outstanding loans and pursuant to the administrative support agreement disclosed herein which we entered into with
our sponsor. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our offering as described in our final prospectus
filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) related to the Initial Public Offering. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited
financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors,
including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on August 19, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business
Combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth
companies. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the Private Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that our plans
to raise capital or to complete our initial Business Combination will be successful. 

Extension
of Combination Period 

As
approved by our stockholders at the special meeting of stockholders held on August 17, 2023 (the First Extension Meeting ), we entered
into an amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2022 (the Trust Agreement ), with
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental ), on August 17, 2023 (the Trust Amendment ). The
Trust Amendment extended the initial date on which Continental must commence liquidation of the Trust Account to up to February 18, 2024,
or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors (the Board ), unless the closing of our initial business combination
shall have occurred, provided that FutureTech II Partners LLC (the Sponsor (or its affiliates or permitted designees)
will deposit into a trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders (the Trust Account the lesser
of: (i) 125,000 and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to 0.04 multiplied by the number of our public shares that are not redeemed for
each such one-month extension unless the closing of our initial business combination shall have occurred, in exchange for a non-interest
bearing, unsecured promissory note payable upon consummation of a business combination. 

As
approved by its stockholders at the First Extension Meeting, we filed an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the
 Charter with the Delaware Secretary of State on August 17, 2023 (the Charter Amendment ), to extend the date
by which we have to consummate a business combination for an additional six months, from August 18, 2023 (the Termination Date to up to February 18, 2024, by electing to extend the date to consummate an initial business combination on a monthly basis for up to
six times by an additional one month each time after the Termination Date, until February 18, 2024 or a total of up to six months after
the Termination Date, or such earlier date as determined by the Board, unless the closing of our initial business combination shall have
occurred (the Extension, and such later date, the Extended Date ), provided that the Sponsor (or its affiliates
or permitted designees) will deposit into the Trust Account the lesser of: (i) 125,000 and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to 0.04 multiplied
by the number of our public shares that are not redeemed for each such one-month extension unless the closing of our initial business
combination shall have occurred, in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note payable upon consummation of a business
combination. 

In
connection with the votes to approve the Extension, the holders of 5,943,650 public shares of our Class A common stock properly
exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash (the First Extension Redeeming Stockholders at a redemption
price of approximately 10.81 per share (the First Redemption Payment ), for an aggregate redemption amount of
approximately 64.2 million. It was later determined that the Company did not withdraw all of the interest from the Trust Account
that it was allowed to withdraw to cover income and franchise taxes and, therefore, the First Redemption Payment should have been
approximately 10.74 per share. This meant that the First Extension Redeeming Stockholders were overpaid in the amount of
approximately 0.07 per share (the First Extension Overpayment Amount ). The Company is in the process of commencing a
claw back process of the First Extension Overpayment Amount, which is reflected in this Report as a receivable from the Sponsor as
agreed by the Sponsor. This amount will be reduced as the Company receives the claw back payments from the First Extension Redeeming
Stockholders. 

12 

On February 17, 2023 the Company caused to be deposited 1,150,000 into the Company s Trust Account for its
public stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial
Business Combination by three months from February 18, 2023 to May 18, 2023. On May 17, 2023 the Company caused to be deposited 1,150,000
into the Company s Trust Account for its public stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, allowing the Company to extend
the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by three months from May 18, 2023 to August 18, 2023. On August
18, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into the Company s Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period
of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination from August 18, 2023 to September 18, 2023. On September 26, 2023, the Company
caused to be deposited 125,000 into the Company s Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate
its initial Business Combination from September 18, 2023 to October 18, 2023. On October 18, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited
 125,000 into the Company s Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business
Combination from October 18, 2023 to November 18, 2023. On November 17, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into the Company s
Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination from November 18,
2023 to December 18, 2023. On December 18, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into the Company s Trust Account, allowing
the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination from December 18, 2023 to January 18, 2023.
On January 18, 2024, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into the Company s Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend
the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination from January 18, 2024 to February 18, 2024. On February 18, 2024,
the Company caused to be deposited 50,000 into the Company s Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it
has to consummate its initial Business Combination from February 18, 2024 to March 18, 2024. On March 18, 2024, the Company caused to
be deposited 50,000 into the Company s Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its
initial Business Combination from March 18, 2024 to April 18, 2024. 

Recent
Developments 

Nasdaq
Notice 

As
previously disclosed, on October 16, 2023, the Company received a written notice from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2) (the
 Minimum Total Holders Rule ), which requires the Company to have at least 400 total holders for continued listing on The
Nasdaq Global Market. The notice is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing
or trading of our securities on the Nasdaq Global Market. The notice states that we have 45 calendar days, or until November 30, 2023,
to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Total Holders Rule. We intend to submit to Nasdaq a plan to regain compliance
with the Minimum Total Holders Rule within the required timeframe. If Nasdaq accepts our plan, Nasdaq may grant us an extension of up
to 180 calendar days from the date of the notice, or until April 13, 2024, to evidence compliance with the Minimum Total Holders Rule.
If Nasdaq does not accept our plan, we will have the opportunity to appeal the decision to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception to December 31, 2023 were
organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering Initial Public Offering ), conducting
the Initial Public Offering and identifying a target company for a business combination. The Company will not generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering We incur expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, we had net income of 2,911,502, which consisted of investment income of 4,809,102 and a gain on
extinguishment of notes payable of 144,443, partially offset by expenses of 1,062,699 and tax expense of 979,344. Investment
income was higher in 2023 compared to 2022 due to the increase in interest rates. Expenses were higher in 2023 compared to 2022 due
to due diligence costs related to a potential business combination transaction. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 700,015, which consisted of investment income of 1,676,585, partially offset by
expenses of 666,311 and tax expense of 310,259. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s
Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, the Company has until April 18, 2024 to complete a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company
will be able to consummate an initial Business Combination by this time. If an initial Business Combination is not consummated by this
date and the Company has not exercised its option to extend the deadline, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution
of the Company. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the Company s inability to continue as a going concern. 

13 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash
equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company had 17,578 in cash and no cash equivalents as of December
31, 2023. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, cash used in operating activities was 1,766,109. The net income of 2,911,502 was affected by interest
earned on investments held in the trust account of 4,809,102, gain on extinguishment of notes payable of 144,443 and changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 275,934 of cash
for operating activities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 601,354. The net income of 700,015 was affected by interest
earned on investments held in the trust account of 1,676,585 and changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 977,513 of cash
for operating activities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, cash provided by investing activities was 61,821,521 due to cash withdrawn from the Trust Account
of 64,746,521, partially offset by cash deposited into the Trust Account of 2,800,000 and 125,000 cash in transit to the trust. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in investing activities was 117,300,000 due to cash invested into the Trust Account. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, cash used in financing activities was 60,300,590 due to 64,238,887 in cash paid for redemptions, partially
offset by 2,925,000 in proceeds from Sponsor note, and 1,013,297 in capital contributions from the Sponsor. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities was 118,159,111 primarily due to 115,000,000 in proceeds from
sale of Units, 5,200,750 from the proceeds of sale of private placement units, and 100,000 for a note receivable repayment, partially
offset by 1,725,000 for a underwriting fee paid, 316,640 for the payment of offering costs and 100,000 from a note receivable. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2023. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. The underwriter is entitled
to a deferred fee of three percent (3.00 of the gross proceeds of the Offering upon closing of the Business Combination, or 3,450,000.
The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject
to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of audited financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the audited financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods
reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. As of December 31, 2023, the below were the critical accounting
policies. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of
a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating
its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ
significantly from those estimates. 

Class
A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

The
Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance enumerated in ASC 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity . Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the
control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. The Company s
Class A common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered by the Company to be outside of the Company s control
and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2023 (restated) and 2022, the Class A common stock
subject to possible redemption in the amount of 61,226,803 and 118,466,326, respectively, is presented as temporary equity, outside
of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. The decrease of 57,239,523 during the year ended December
31, 2023, in the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is due to a redemption of 64,238,888 offset by accretion to the
redemption value of 6,552,136 and 447,229 in funds due from the Sponsor during the year ended December 31, 2023, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the shares of common stock reflected on the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table. 

Gross Proceeds 
 115,000,000 
 
 Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 
 (1,067,463 
 
 Temporary equity offering costs 
 (5,635,551 
 
 Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 
 9,003,014 
 
 Ending Balance as of March 31, 2022 
 117,300,000 
 
 Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 
 1,166,326 
 
 Ending Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 118,466,326 
 
 Redemption of Class A common stock 
 (64,238,888 
 
 Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 
 6,552,136 
 
 Due from Sponsor 
 447,229 
 
 Ending Balance as of December 31, 2023 (restated) 
 61,226,803 

Net
Income (Loss) Per Share 

Net
income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata
between the two classes of shares. The calculation of diluted loss per share of common stock does not consider the effect of the warrants
issued in connection with the (i) Initial Public Offering and (ii) sale of the Private Placement Units, because the warrants are contingently
exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss)
per share for the periods presented. 

The
following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share (in dollars, except per share amounts): 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2023 
 December 31, 2022 

Redeemable 
 Non-redeemable 
 Redeemable 
 Non-redeemable 
 
 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock Numerator: Interest 
 4,953,545 
 - 
 1,676,585 
 - 
 
 Less: Allocation of net income (loss), as adjusted 
 (2,982,080 
 (560,177 
 (1,323,201 
 (228,369 
 
 Total 
 (1,971,465 
 (560,177 
 353,384 
 (228,369 
 
 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock 
 0.21 
 (0.16 
 0.03 
 (0.07 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our audited financial statements. 

14 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and
chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2023, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon
that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for us. Under the supervision
and with the participation of our Certifying Officers, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2023 based on criteria specified in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment, our management, including our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, the internal control over financial reporting was not effective
due to a material weakness related to the accounting of the Extension Loans in the form of non-interest-bearing promissory notes and related
to the calculation of redemption price. Additionally, based on management s assessment, we determined that there was a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31,2023. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system internal control over financial reporting,
we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us
and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

To address this material weakness, our management has expended, and will
continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources for the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial
reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate accounting of extension loans, redemption payments,
technical pronouncements and other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, we will continue to improve these processes
to ensure that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the context of the increasingly complex accounting standards.
In addition, we are assessing our resource needs as well as roles and responsibilities with a particular focus on accounting and financial
reporting staff and will make additional changes as needed, but we can offer no assurance that our controls will not require additional
review and modification in this future as industry accounting practices may evolve over time. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

15 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Ray
 Chen 
 
 58 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 
 
 Yuquan
 Wang 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Neil
 Bush 
 
 68 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Jeffrey
 Moseley 
 
 69 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Jonathan
 McKeage 
 
 71 
 
 Independent
 Director 

Ray
Chen, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 

Ray Chen has been our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
and a member of our board of directors since August 2023. Mr. Chen has been Goldenstone Acquisition Ltd. s Chief Financial Officer
since March 2021. He had served as Chief Operating Officer of Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited from August 2020 until it completed business
combination with Sun Car Technology Company in May 2023. Chen served as Director and Chief Operating Officer of Wealthbridge Acquisition
Limited, a special purpose acquisition company, from February 2018 until its business combination with Scienjoy Inc. in May 2020, and
has served as the Investor Relation Officer of Scienjoy until 2022. Mr. Chen served as Chief Executive Officer at Fortissimo Film International
Ltd., a privately-owned film development and production company from August 2016 to January 2018. From January 2013 to February 2016,
Mr. Chen was Chief Executive Officer of Beijing Galloping Horse Film TV Production Co., Ltd. From January 2010 to March 2013, Mr.
Chen was the head of sales in the Beijing Office of Star Jet Co., Ltd. Prior to his Star Jet experience, Mr. Chen was the executive board
member and head of sales in Asia Jet Partners Limited, a privately-owned holding company specializing in general aviation and aircraft
leasing. Mr. Chen joined Asia Jet after his service as Chief Executive Officer at ABC International Inc., a business consulting company
based in Cleveland, Ohio. Mr. Chen attended business and marketing courses at Cleveland State University from September 1991 to June 1995.
The Company believes Mr. Chen is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board given his public company experience, including other
similarly structured blank check companies, business leadership, operational experience and contacts. 

Yuquan
Wang, Director 

Yuquan
Wang has been a member of our board of directors since our inception. Mr. Wang has been the founding partner of Haiyin Capital since
January 2009. Additionally, Mr. Wang has served as a board member of Soft Robotics Inc. from February 2016 to January 2021. Mr. Wang
served as a board member for Wicab, Inc. since July 2014 and as a board member of Cerevast Medical, Inc. since October 2014. Since January
2003, Mr. Wang has served as a board member of Frost Sullivan (Beijing). Mr. Wang also currently serves as a board member of T4Game
since August 2013. In addition, Mr. Wang served as a board member of Hanson Robotics since March 2015. Mr. Wang is the co-founder and
has served as the chairman of Innovation Map since June 2016 and the Chairman of Innovation Map USA since August 2017. Mr. Wang has served
as an advisor to the George H.W. Bush Foundation for U.S.-China Relation since January 2021. Since May 2009, Mr. Wang has served as a
board member of Easescent Wine. He also currently serves as a member of the board of Fuwen Enterprise Management Consulting since December
2011, and Guangkong Haiyin Enterprise Management since October 2014. Mr. Wang is the CEO of FutureTech Acquisition Corp., where he currently
serves as a member of the board. Previously, Mr. Wang served as our Chief Executive Officer from inception to August 2023. 

16 

Neil
Bush, Independent Director 

Neil
Bush has served on our board of directors since February 2022. Mr. Bush has been the sole member of Neil Bush Global Advisors, LLC since
January 1998. Additionally, Mr. Bush has been on the board of directors for Hong Kong Finance Investment Holding Group since 2012. Mr.
Bush has also served as the co-chairman for CIIC since 2006 and as an adviser to CP Group since 2015. Further, Mr. Bush has served as
a partner for Asia America Consultants since March 2016 and the chairman of Singhaiyi since April 2013. Mr. Bush served on the
board of Greffex, Inc. since June 2020 and the Points of Light Foundation. Mr. Bush was appointed director of Rebound International,
LLC in early 2022. 

Jeffrey
Moseley, Independent Director 

Jeffrey
Moseley has served on our board of directors since February 2022. Mr. Moseley has served as the director of SNU Foundation since April
2016. Mr. Moseley previously served as director of Wallis Bank from April 2014 to February 2018. 

Jonathan
McKeage, Independent Director 

Jonathan
McKeage has served on our board of directors since August 2023. Mr. McKeage has over 30 years of experience in the areas of M A,
corporate finance, equity analysis, trading and investor relations. Mr. McKeage has served as a director of Goldenstone Acquisition Ltd.
since July 2021. Mr. McKeage has served in various roles at American Education Center, a provider of college application advice, and
acclimation and business services to Chinese students studying in the United States and their families, since September 2015: as Senior
Advisor since September 2017; as Chief Executive Officer and director from September 2016 to August 2017; and as Managing Director from
September 2015 to August 2016. From September 2015 to June 2017, Mr. McKeage served as Chief Academic Officer and a Professor at Columbia
International College, Inc. Prior to that, from 2004 to 2010, Mr. McKeage served as Vice President of Corporate Development for Digital
Angel Corporation, where he coordinated acquisitions and divestitures and served as in-house investor relations manager for this international
RFID and GPS technology group. During this time, Mr. McKeage also served as Chief Executive Officer and Director of New Jersey-based
Digital Angel subsidiary InfoTech USA, an OTC-quoted provider of information technology and consulting services to small and medium sized
businesses, where he led a business model restructuring and eventual sale to a private equity group, as part of the parent company s
program of divestiture of non-core assets. Before this, Mr. McKeage for two years was an Account Manager with Allen Caron, a New
York and London based investor relations firm, where he led roadshows and wrote press releases for the firm s small cap client
base and advised C-suite executives on IR strategies. In the early 1990s Mr. McKeage spent three years with Kalb Voorhis, a New-York
based brokerage and specialist operation, where he acted as floor broker on the NYSE and client relationship manager with the firm s
AMEX specialist unit, as well as on the firm s equity sales desk upstairs executing customer trades on these exchanges.
Following this, he spent two years with Niederhoffer Investments, a New York-based financial group engaged primarily in commodities trading,
where he engaged in commodities research and ADR trading, as well as managing the firm s private company exclusive sale business.
Mr. McKeage s investment banking experience includes seven years (1995 to 2002) as a Managing Director in the Corporate Finance
department of New York-based Dominick Dominick LLC, where he was involved in a number of domestic and international M A and
equity funding assignments and also led European roadshows for US clients in conjunction with Dominick s then-extensive European
branch network. Mr. McKeage holds a bachelor degree from Rice University, masters and PhD degrees from Harvard University and a Certificate
in Business Administration from The Wharton School. We believe Mr. McKeage is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board given
his public company experience, including investor relations, business leadership, operational experience and contacts. 

17 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We
have five directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year
and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first
fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Neil Bush, will expire
at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Jeffrey Moseley and Jonathan
McKeage, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office for the third class of directors consisting of
Yuquan Wang and Ray Chen, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Prior
to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders
of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of
our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to nominate persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers may consist
of one or more chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary,
treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Executive
Officer and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date of our Initial Public Offering,
we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Other than
as set forth above, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect
of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors,
prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). Our officers and directors will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors, or our or their
affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other
than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement
payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating
an initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

18 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited
exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of
independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
established an audit committee of the board of directors. Neil Bush and Jeffrey Moseley serve as members of our audit committee, and
Jonathan McKeage chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at
least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Bush, McKeage, and Moseley meet the independent
director standards under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Mr. McKeage qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We
adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
 engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and
 establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited
 to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

19 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent
 registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
 authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken
 to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the
 independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
 prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
 or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
 reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Jonathan McKeage and Jeffrey Moseley serve as members of our compensation
committee, and Mr. Moseley chairs the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required
to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. McKeage and Moseley are independent. 

We
adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our executive officers compensation, if any
 is paid by us, evaluating our executive officers performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving
 the remuneration (if any) of our executive officers based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for twelve (12) months
(or up to eighteen (18) months), for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation of any kind,
including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of
their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business
combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee
will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such
initial business combination. 

20 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity
that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
Our independent directors will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605
of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee
charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
bylaws. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our
audit committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement for our Initial Public Offering. You can review these documents by
accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided
without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in
a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors, certain officers and any beneficial owners of more than 10 of our
common stock to file reports relating to their ownership and changes in ownership of our common stock with the SEC by certain deadlines.
Based on a review of Section 16 filings with respect to our Company made during or with respect to the preceding year, we are not aware
of any late Section 16(a) filings other than one late Form 4 report filed by the Sponsor, one late Form 3 report filed by Ray Chen, one
late Form 3 report filed by Jonathan McKeage, one late Form 4 report filed by Yuquan Wang and one late Form 3 report filed by Zachary
Radu. 

21 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

None
of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind,
including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of
their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business
combination. However, our initial stockholders, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by
us. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management, or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of a stockholder meeting held to
consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and
director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report
on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. 

Since
our formation, we have not granted any stock options or stock appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive plans
to any of our executive officers or directors. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of March 30, 2024, based on
information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers, directors and director nominees that beneficially owns shares of common stock; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

22 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Approximate Percentage 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Sponsor, Officers and Directors 

FutureTech Partners II LLC (2) 
 520,075 
 17.6 
 2,825,000 
 98.3 
 57.4 
 
 Ray Chen 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Yuquan Wang 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Neil Bush 
 - 
 
 10,000 

Jonathan McKeage 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Jeffrey Moseley 
 - 
 
 10,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group (five individuals) 
 520,075 
 17.6 
 2,845,000 
 98.9 
 57.7 
 
 5 Holders 

Karpus Management, Inc. (3) 
 790,575 
 26.8 
 - 
 - 
 13.6 
 
 Cowen and Company, LLC (4) 
 377,119 
 12.8 

6.5 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (5) 
 317,000 
 10.7 

5.4 
 
 Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust (6) 
 500,000 
 16.9 

8.6 
 
 AQR Arbitrage, LLC (7) 
 419,508 
 14.2 

7.2 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted,
 the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o FutureTech II Acquisition Corp., 128 Gail Drive, New
 Rochelle, NY 10805. 
 
 (2) 
 FutureTech Partners II
 LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Zachary Radu is a member. By virtue of this relationship,
 Mr. Radu may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by our sponsor. Mr. Radu disclaims any such
 beneficial ownership except to the extent of his pecuniary interest. 
 
 (3) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024 by Karpus Management, Inc., a New York corporation, d/b/a Karpus Investment Management
 Karpus ). Karpus is controlled by City of London Investment Group plc CLIG ), which is listed on the
 London Stock Exchange. However, in accordance with SEC Release No. 34-39538 (January 12, 1998), effective informational barriers
 have been established between Karpus and CLIG such that voting and investment power over the subject securities is exercised by Karpus
 independently of CLIG, and, accordingly, attribution of beneficial ownership is not required between Karpus and CLIG. Karpus holds
 sole power to vote or direct the vote over 665,575 shares, and may be said to beneficially own 790,575 shares. The business
 address of Karpus is 183 Sully s Trail, Pittsford, New York 14534. 
 
 (4) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed with the SEC on February 2, 2024 by Cowen and Company, LLC Cowen ). Cowen beneficially owns 377,119 shares.
 The principal business office of Cowen is 599 Lexington Ave., New York, NY 10022. 
 
 (5) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed with the SEC on February 12, 2024, Polar Asset Management Partners, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario,
 Canada PAMP ), serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company
 PMSMF with respect to the shares held by PMSMF. The principal business office of PAMP is 16 York Street, Suite 2900,
 Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 
 
 (6) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed with the SEC on March 6, 2024 by Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust Calamos ),
 Calamos may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of these shares. The principal business office of Calamos is 2020 Calamos Court,
 Naperville, IL 60563. 
 
 (7) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024 by AQR Capital Management, LLC AQR Management ), AQR Capital Management
 Holdings, LLC AQR Holdings ), and AQR Arbitrage, LLC AQR Arbitrage ), all three entities may be deemed
 to have beneficial ownership and power to vote or direct the vote of these shares. The principal business office of AQR Management,
 AQR Holdings and AQR Arbitrage is One Greenwich Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

The
founder shares held by our initial stockholders represent 57.7 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Because of this ownership
block, our initial stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our stockholders,
including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions including
our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares do not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors
prior to our initial business combination. 

Each
holder of the founder shares has agreed (a) to vote any founder shares owned by it in favor of any proposed business combination and
(b) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Our sponsor
and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities
laws. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

On
October 8, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,875,000 shares of Class B common stock to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase
price of 25,000 in cash. Such Class B common stock includes an aggregate of up to 375,000 shares that were subject to forfeiture by
the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would
collectively own at least 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Offering (assuming the initial stockholders
did not purchase any Public Shares in the Offering and excluding the Placement Units and underlying securities). The underwriters exercised
the over-allotment option in full so those shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The
initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Class B common stock (except to certain permitted transferees)
until the earlier of (i) one year after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or (ii) the date on which the closing
price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations
and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing six months after a Business Combination, or
earlier, in each case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange
or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock
for cash, securities or other property. 

23 

On
August 19, 2021, the Sponsor committed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of
March 31, 2022 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor may provide us with a loan to the Company up
to 1,500,000 as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted upon
consummation of a Business Combination into additional Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2023, there was no amount outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

If
the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate a Business Combination within 24 months, the Company may, by
resolution of the Board if requested by the Sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to nine
times, each by an additional one month (for a total of up to 33 months to complete a Business Combination), subject to the Sponsor
depositing additional funds into the Trust Account as set out below. On February 17, 2023 the Company caused to be deposited
 1,150,000 into the Company s Trust Account for its public stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, allowing the
Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by three months from February 18, 2023 to
May 18, 2023. On May 17, 2023 the Company caused to be deposited 1,150,000 into the Company s Trust Account for its public
stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its
initial Business Combination by three months from May 18, 2023 to August 18, 2023. On August 18, 2023, the Company caused to be
deposited 125,000 into the Company s Trust Account for its public stockholders, representing 0.002 per public share,
allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by one month from August 18,
2023 to September 18, 2023. On September 26, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into the Company s Trust
Account for its public stockholders, representing 0.002 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has
to consummate its initial Business Combination by one month from September 18, 2023 to October 18, 2023. On October 18, 2023, the
Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into the Company s Trust Account for its public stockholders, representing 0.002 per
public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by one month
from October 18, 2023 to November 18, 2023. On November 17, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into the
Company s Trust Account for its public stockholders, representing 0.002 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the
period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by one month from November 18, 2023 to December 18, 2023. On
December 18, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000 into the Company s Trust Account for its public stockholders,
representing 0.002 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business
Combination by one month from December 18, 2023 to January 18, 2024. On January 18, 2024, the Company caused to be deposited 125,000
into the Company s Trust Account for its public stockholders, representing 0.002 per public share, allowing the Company to extend
the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by one month from January 18, 2024 to February 18, 2024. On February
18, 2024, the Company caused to be deposited 50,000 into the Company s Trust Account for its public stockholders, representing
 0.002 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by one
month from February 18, 2024 to March 18, 2024. On March 18, 2024, the Company caused to be deposited 50,000 into the Company s
Trust Account for its public stockholders, representing 0.002 per public share, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it
has to consummate its initial Business Combination by one month from March 18, 2024 to April 18, 2024. (collectively, the Extension
Loans ). 

24 

As
of the December 31, 2023, there was 2,925,000 outstanding under the Extension Loans . Each payment was made in the form of
non-interest-bearing loans. If the Company completes its initial Business Combination, the Company will, at the option of the
Sponsor, repay the Extension Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company or convert a portion or all of
the total loan amount into units at a price of 10.00 per unit, which units will be identical to the private units. If the Company
does not complete a Business Combination, the Company will repay such loans only from funds held outside of the Trust Account.
Furthermore, the letter agreement among the Company and the Company s officers, directors, and the Sponsor contains a
provision pursuant to which the Sponsor will agree to waive its right to be repaid for such loans to the extent there is
insufficient funds held outside of the Trust Account in the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination. The
Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete
the initial Business Combination. The public stockholders will not be afforded an opportunity to vote on the extension of time to
consummate an initial Business Combination from 18 months to 24 months described above or redeem their shares in connection with
such extensions. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Neil Bush, Jonathan McKeage and Jeffrey
Moseley are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent
directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Adeptus Partners, LLC, or Adeptus Partners, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services
that are normally provided by Adeptus Partners in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Adeptus Partners for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 8-K for
the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 totaled approximately 54,000
and 66,000, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of
the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services
that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not
pay Adeptus Partners any audit-related fees for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Adeptus Partners for tax return services, planning and tax advice for the years ended December 31, 2023 and
2022. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Adeptus Partners for any other services for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

25 

part
IV 

Item
15 . Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1)
Financial Statements 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required
information is presented in the financial statements and notes beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3)
Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be obtained on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

26 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements 

Balance
 Sheets as of December 31, 2023 restated) and
 2022 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 restated) 
 and 2022 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 restated) 
 and 2022 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the
related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has negative working capital and an accumulated deficit that raises substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Restatement 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the 2023 financial statements have been restated to correct certain
misstatements related to the overpayment on redeemable share redemptions and errors for the accounting of the extension loans. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

December 20, 2024 

PCAOB
 ID: 3686 

F- 2 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE
SHEETs 

December 31, 
 2023 
 December 31, 
 2022 

(restated) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Extension fee receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Due from Sponsor 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Assets 

Marketable Securities held in Trust Account 

Prepaid expenses, non-current 
 - 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Excise tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Accrued offering costs 

Note payable - Sponsor 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commission 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 7) 
 - 
 - 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares subject to possible redemption issued and outstanding shares at redemption value of 
 and 
 per share as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A common stock, 
 par value, 
 shares authorized, 
 issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption and including 
 representative shares as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) 

Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, value 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 EXPENSES 

Administrative fee - related party 

Franchise tax 

General and administrative 

TOTAL EXPENSES 

OTHER INCOME 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL OTHER INCOME 

Pre-tax income 

Income tax 

Net income 

Weighted average number of shares of redeemable common stock outstanding,
basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of redeemable common stock 

Weighted average number of shares of non-redeemable common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of non-redeemable common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Shares 
 Amounts 
 Shares 
 Amounts 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amounts 
 Shares 
 Amounts 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance January 1, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Sale of units in Initial Public Offering 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued to representative 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred underwriting commission 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Remeasurement adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 

- 

Balance 

- 

Accretion to redemption value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Excise tax on Class A common stock redemption 

Capital contribution 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (Loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2023 (restated) 

- 

Balance 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Year Ended 
 For
the Year Ended 

December 31,
 2023 
 December 31,
 2022 

(restated) 

Cash flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Due from Sponsor 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Cash in transit to the trust 
 
 - 
 
 Cash withdrawn from Trust 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discount paid 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of private placement units 
 - 

Underwriting fee paid 

Note receivable 
 - 

Note receivable - repayment 

Payment of deferred offering costs 
 - 

Proceeds from Sponsor note 
 
 - 
 
 Capital contribution from Sponsor 
 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for redemptions 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing
 activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - Beginning of the period 

Cash - End of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Excise tax on Class A common stock redemptions 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred underwriting commission 
 - 

Initial Classification of Class A common stock subject to redemption 
 - 

Accretion to redemption value 

Offering costs paid by Promissory note - related parties 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock
included in the Units offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note
4. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of private placement units (the Private
Placement Units at a price of per unit in a private placement to the FutureTech Partners II LLC (the Sponsor ),
generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 5. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on February 18, 2022, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the
Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account to the Company s
stockholders, as described below. 

Transaction
costs of the Initial Public Offering with the exercise of the overallotment amounted to consisting of of cash underwriting
fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other costs. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, of cash was held outside of the Trust Account available for working capital purposes.
As of December 31, 2023, the Company has available to it of cash on its balance sheet and a working capital deficit of .
As of December 31, 2022, the Company has available to it of cash on its balance sheet and a working capital deficit of . 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that
together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of a definitive agreement to enter
a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires
 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The
Company has until April 18, 2024 (or up to November 18, 2024, if extended) to consummate a Business Combination (the Combination
Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by the end of the Combination Period, the Company will (i)
cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes
(less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the Company s remaining stockholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii) above to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Accordingly, it is the Company s intention to redeem its Public Shares as soon as reasonably possible following the end of
the Combination Period. As such, the Company s stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of such stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality
or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 
per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the day of liquidation of the Trust Account,
if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will
not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in
the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of
the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe
that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure its stockholders that the Sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by
third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. The Company will seek to reduce the
possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the
Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
1 - Description of Organization and Business Operations, Going Concern and Basis of Presentation (Continued) 

Use
of Funds Restricted for Payment of Taxes 

In
2024, in connection with redemptions that occurred in August 2023, the Company determined it did not withdraw all the interest from
the trust account that it was allowed to withdraw to cover federal income and State of Delaware franchise taxes which had accrued
and, therefore, the redemption payment should have been adjusted down to approximately per
share. As a result, the redeeming stockholders were overpaid in the amount of .
The Company has initiated recovery efforts from the redeeming stockholders through Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company CST ). Redeeming Stockholders are in the process of being notified of this situation and are being instructed to
return the Overpayment Amount to CST. The Sponsor is responsible for the shortfall, if any, between the overpayment amount of ,
which is included in Due from Sponsor amount on the Company s condensed balance sheet, and the actual amount recovered from
Redeeming Stockholders. 

Liquidity
and Management s Plans 

At
December 31, 2023, the Company had cash of and working capital deficit of . 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of and working capital deficit of . 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard
Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until April 18, 2024 (or up to November 18, 2024, if extended) to complete a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate an initial
Business Combination by this time. If an initial Business Combination is not consummated by this date and the Company has not
exercised its option to extend the deadline, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. These
factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the Company s inability to continue as a going
concern. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Additionally,
as a result of the military action that commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine
and related economic sanctions, the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination or the operations of a target
business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination may be materially and adversely affected. Further, the
Company s ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be
impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party
financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the
world economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate
a Business Combination are not yet determinable. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Note
2 Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements 

In
connection with (i) preparation of the Proxy dated October 31, 2024 which included the estimated redemption price for redeeming stockholders
related to the Third Extension Meeting, which was held on November 18, 2024, and (ii) the preparation of the unaudited condensed financial
statements of the Company as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company determined that there were errors
for the accounting of Due from Sponsor, Common stock subject to possible redemption, accumulated deficit (capital contribution), notes
payable and the redemption price of the Common stock subject to possible redemption in the previously issued December 31, 2023 financial
statements. 

In
accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 99, Materiality, and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, Considering
the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements, the Company determined
that the errors were material to its previously issued financial statements. Therefore, the Company concluded that the previously issued
financial statements should be restated. 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

Note Payable - Sponsor 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholder s Equity 
 (3,326,702 
 (3,172,376 
 (6,499,078 
 
 Total Liabilities and Stockholder s Equity 

Statement of Cash Flows 

Capital Contribution from Sponsor 

Proceeds from Sponsor Note 
 - 

Redemption price 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. At December 31, 2023 and, 2022, the Company
had not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

and , respectively. The Company had no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. 

per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement Units was held in the Trust Account located in the United States
with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with
a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act,
which will be invested only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the
completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described above. 

As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had and , respectively, in marketable securities held
in the Trust Account. 

consist principally of costs
incurred in connection with formation of the Company and preparation for the Initial Public Offering. These costs, together with the
underwriter discount of were charged to additional paid-in capital upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

and ,
respectively, is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance
sheets. The decrease of 
during the year ended December 31, 2023, in the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is due to a redemption of 
offset by accretion to the redemption value of and in funds due from the Sponsor during the year ended December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Temporary equity offering costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Ending Balance as of March 31, 2022 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Ending Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Redemption of Class A common stock 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Due from Sponsor 

Ending Balance as of December 31, 2023 (restated) 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Less: Allocation of net income (loss), as adjusted 

Total 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock 

and as of December 31, 2023, respectively); 

Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted
prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active;
and 

Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions,
such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

In
some circumstances, the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In
those instances, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input
that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
3 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax
positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company s management determined the United States is the Company s
only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as income
tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, no amounts accrued for interest
and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material
deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures,
which requires disaggregated information about a reporting entity s effective tax rate reconciliation, as well as information related
to income taxes paid to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures. This ASU will be effective for the
annual period ending December 31, 2025. The Company is currently assessing what impact, if any, that ASU 2023-09 would have on its financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. 

excise tax on public company stock buybacks. 

The
IR Act imposes a excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchases made by covered corporations after December 31, 2022. The
total taxable value of shares repurchased is reduced by the fair market value of any newly issued shares during the taxable year. Redemption
rights are ubiquitous to nearly all SPACs. The Company has recorded a liability on the accompanying balance sheets to be in compliance with the IR Act. 

Units at
a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant Public
Warrant ). Each Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 
per share (see Note 8). 

Private Placement Units at a price of
 per Private Placement Unit (or in the aggregate), from the Company. The Sponsor transferred to the Trust
Account on February 16, 2022. 

The
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust
Account. The warrants included in the Private Placement Units (the Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants
sold in the Initial Public Offering, except as described in Note 8. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the
required period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

shares of Class B common stock to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase
price of in cash, or approximately per share. Such Class B common stock includes an aggregate of up to shares
that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or
in part, so that the Sponsor would collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public
Offering (assuming the initial stockholders did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private
Placement Units and underlying securities). 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
6 - Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

The
initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Class B common stock (except to certain permitted transferees)
until the earlier of (i) one year after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or (ii) the date on which the closing
price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations
and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing six months after a Business Combination, or
earlier, in each case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange
or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock
for cash, securities or other property. 

Promissory
Note - Related Party 

On
August 19, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate
principal amount of 
 to be used for payment of costs related to the
Initial Public Offering. 
The Sponsor has forgiven the Company s obligation to repay any amounts
under these promissory notes, and as a result, the Company is not required to repay the promissory note. As of and for the year ended
December 31, 2023, is included as capital contribution in the statements of changes in the stockholders deficit and
 is presented as gain on forgiveness of debt in the statements of operations. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ).
Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination,
without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such loans may be converted upon consummation of a Business
Combination into units at a price of per unit. The Units will be identical to the Private Placement Units. In the event that a
Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under the working capital loans,
respectively. 

Extension
Loan - Related Party 

If
the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate a Business Combination by the end of the Combination Period, the
Company may, by resolution of the Company s board if requested by the Sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a
Business Combination up to six times, each by an additional one month (for a total of up to 24 months to complete a Business
Combination), subject to the Sponsor depositing additional funds into the Trust Account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of
the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and the trust agreement entered into between the
Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order for the time available for the Company to consummate the
initial Business Combination to be extended, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five business days advance
notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the Trust Account the lesser of: (i) 
and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to 
multiplied by the number of public shares of the Company that are not redeemed for each such one-month extension unless the closing
of the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred, in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured
promissory note payable upon consummation of a business combination (the Extension Loans ). If the Company completes
its initial Business Combination, the Company will, at the option of the Sponsor, repay the Extension Loans out of the proceeds of
the Trust Account released to the Company or convert a portion or all of the total loan amount into units at a price of 
per unit, which units will be identical to the Private Placement Units. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the
Company will repay such loans only from funds held outside of the Trust Account. Furthermore, the letter agreement among the Company
and the Company s officers, directors, and the Sponsor contains a provision pursuant to which the Sponsor will agree to waive
its right to be repaid for such loans to the extent there is insufficient funds held outside of the Trust Account in the event that
the Company does not complete a Business Combination. The Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the
Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete the initial Business Combination. The public stockholders will not be
afforded an opportunity to vote on the extension of time to consummate an initial Business Combination from 18 months to 24 months
described above or redeem their shares in connection with such extensions. On February 17, 2023 the Company caused to be deposited
 
into the Company s Trust Account for its public stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, allowing the Company to
extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by three months from February 18, 2023 to May 18,
2023. On May 17, 2023 the Company caused to be deposited 
into the Company s Trust Account for its public stockholders, representing per public share, allowing the Company to
extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by three months from May 18, 2023 to August 18,
2023. On August 18, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited 
into the Company s Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business
Combination from August 18, 2023 to September 18, 2023. On September 26, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited 
into the Company s Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business
Combination from September 18, 2023 to October 18, 2023. On October 18, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited into the
Company s Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business
Combination from October 18, 2023 to November 18, 2023. On November 18, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited into the
Company s Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business
Combination from November 18, 2023 to December 18, 2023. On December 18, 2023, the Company caused to be deposited into the
Company s Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business
Combination from December 18, 2023 to January 18, 2023. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there was 
and 
outstanding under the Extension Loans, respectively. 

Due from Sponsor 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 the
Company had paid a total of 
and 0 ,
respectively, in expenses that will be reimbursed by the Sponsor. This amount includes the amount overpaid to redeeming shareholders in August 2023. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
6 - Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

Commencing
on the date the Units are first listed on Nasdaq, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 
per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support for up to 18 months. Upon completion of the initial
Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. During the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022 the Company recorded 
and ,
respectively of administrative expenses. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there was and included in accounts payable and accrued expenses
on the Company s balance sheets, respectively. 

Representative
Shares 

The
Company issued to EF Hutton and/or its designees, shares of Class A common stock upon the Initial Public Offering. EF Hutton
has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such common stock until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination.
In addition, EF Hutton has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such common stock in connection with the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to such common stock if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The
representative shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately
following the commencement of sales in the Initial Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant
to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period
of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement for the Initial Public Offering, nor may they be sold,
transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales in the Initial
Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners,
registered persons or affiliates or as otherwise permitted under Rule 5110(e)(2), and only if any such transferee agrees to the foregoing
lock-up restrictions. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
7 - Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The
underwriter was paid a cash underwriting discount of one and a half percent of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering,
or . In addition, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of three and a half percent of the gross proceeds of
the Initial Public Offering, or . The deferred fee was placed in the Trust Account and will be paid in cash upon the closing
of a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. In addition, the Company issued EF Hutton and/or its designees,
 shares of Class A common stock upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. 

Right
of First Refusal 

For
a period beginning on the closing of the Initial Public Offering and ending twenty-four (24) months from the closing of a Business Combination,
the Company granted EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC a right of first refusal to act as lead-left book running manager
and lead left manager for any and all future private or public equity, convertible and debt offerings during such period. 

preferred shares with a par value of 
per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of
Directors. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were 
preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Common Stock - The Company is authorized to issue 
shares of Class A common stock with a par value of 
per share. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, there
were 
shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, which included 
representative shares and excludes shares subject to possible redemption. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were 
shares and shares
subject to possible redemption, respectively, of Class A common stock that were classified as temporary equity in the accompanying
balance sheets. 

Class
B Common Stock - The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of 
per share. At December 31, 2023 and December
31, 2022, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Upon exercise of the over-allotment option, 
shares of Class B common stock are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

Only
holders of the Class B common stock will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders
of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of
the Company s stockholders except as otherwise required by law. In connection with the Company s initial Business Combination,
the Company may enter into a shareholders agreement or other arrangements with the shareholders of the target or other investors to provide
for voting or other corporate governance arrangements that differ from those in effect upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination, or earlier
at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock,
or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to
the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common
stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment
with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of
all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all
shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed
in connection with a Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller of an interest
in the target to the Company in a Business Combination. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
8 - Stockholders Equity (Deficit) (Continued) 

Warrants
 - The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will
expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A
common stock is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from
registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue
any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of residence of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of a Business Combination,
the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have
declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the
Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to
file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 18.00 - Once the warrants become exercisable, the
Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing
 once the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice
 of redemption to warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that
wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise
price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except
as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally,
in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the required period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive
any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held
outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. 

FUTURETECH
II ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State and Local: 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

In
assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies
in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty
exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was and , respectively. 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

into the Company s Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate
its initial Business Combination from January 18, 2024 to February 18, 2024. On February 18, 2024, the Company caused to be deposited
 into the Company s Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business
Combination from February 18, 2024 to March 18, 2024. On March 18, 2024, the Company caused to be deposited into the Company s
Trust Account, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination from March 18,
2024 to April 18, 2024. 

F- 17 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 December 20, 2024 
 FUTURETECH
 II ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ray Chen 

Ray
 Chen 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Ray Chen 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 December 20, 2024 
 
 Ray
 Chen 
 
 (Principal
 Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Yuquan Wang 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2024 
 
 Yuquan
 Wang 

/s/
 Neil Bush 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2024 
 
 Neil
 Bush 

/s/
 Jonathan McKeage 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2024 
 
 Jonathan
 McKeage 

/s/
 Jeffrey Moseley 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2024 
 
 Jeffrey
 Moseley 

28 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated February 17, 2022 (2) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated August 17, 2023 (3) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated February 14, 2024 (4) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated November 18, 2024 (5) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Bylaws. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated February 16, 2022, among the Company, its officers and directors and the Company s sponsor, FutureTech Partners II LLC. (2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated August 19, 2021, issued to the Company (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 18, 2022 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, by and among the Company and certain securityholders. (2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, by and between the Company and FutureTech Partners II LLC. (2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, by and between the Registrant and FutureTech Partners II LLC. (1) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 18, 2022 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (3) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (1) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 97 
 
 FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. Clawback Policy 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-261886), filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021 and/or February 11, 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 17, 2023. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 22, 2024. 

29 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION1 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The
following summary of the registered securities of FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. does not purport to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended and bylaws, each of which are incorporated
by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and certain provisions of Delaware law.
Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to the Company, we, our, and us 
in this Exhibit refer to FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A common
stock, 0.0001 par value per share, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated
preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. 

Units 

Each
unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant. Only whole warrants are exercisable. Each whole warrant
entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise his,
her or its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised
at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants are trading. 

Placement
Units 

The
placement units are identical to the units sold in our initial public offering except that (a) the placement units and their component
securities will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination except
to permitted transferees and (b) are entitled to registration rights. 

Common
Stock 

5,829,510
shares of our common stock are outstanding, consisting of: 

2,954,510
shares of our Class A common stock; and 

2,875,000
 shares of Class B common stock held by our initial stockholders. 

Our
sponsor purchased an aggregate of 520,075 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 5,200,750.
The initial stockholders hold an aggregate of approximately 57.7 of our issued and outstanding common stock. 

Common
stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class
A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our
stockholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required
by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock
that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into three classes,
each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no
cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for
the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if
declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if
we were to enter into an initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required
to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on
the initial business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year
after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold
an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made
by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting.
Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they
may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c)
of the DGCL. 

We
will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of
two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.20 per public share. The per-share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held
by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder
votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of
public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by applicable law or stock
exchange requirements, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other
legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other
information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however,
a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a
proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial
business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital
stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to
vote at such meeting. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, the other initial
stockholders, our officers and our directors have agreed to vote their respective founder shares, placement shares and any public shares
held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 

The
participation of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in privately negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the
approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote,
against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted,
non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately
30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall
be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders,
may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our
initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares
on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we
complete the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding
15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business
combination, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and placement
shares held by them and any public shares they hold in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial
stockholders founder shares and placement shares, we would not need any of the public shares sold in our initial public offering
to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Additionally, each
public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject
to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months
(or up to 33 months) from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to any founder shares and placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within 24 months (or up to 33 months) from the closing of our initial public offering. However, if our initial stockholders acquired
public shares in or acquire public shares after the initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
period. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made
for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon
the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder
Shares and Placement Shares 

The
founder shares and placement shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold in our initial public
offering, and holders of founder shares and placement shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i)
the founder shares and placement shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our sponsor,
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares, placement shares, and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of
our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, placement shares, and any
public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(x) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain
amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 24 months (or up to 33 months) from the closing of our initial public offering or (y) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
24 months (or up to 33 months) from the closing of our initial public offering, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such
time period, (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock that will automatically convert into shares of our Class
A common stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as
described herein, and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders
for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any founder shares and placement
shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately
negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. The placement shares are not transferable, assignable or saleable
until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination except to permitted transferees. 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our
initial business combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like), and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked
securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in our initial public offering and related to the closing of
the initial business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock
will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with
respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all
shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares
of common stock outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering (excluding and the placement units and underlying securities)
plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial business
combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination,
any private placement-equivalent units and their underlying securities issued to our sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans
made to us). We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any future
issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the
following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the agreement for our initial business combination; (ii) negotiation with Class A
stockholders on structuring an initial business combination; or (iii) negotiation with parties providing financing which would trigger
the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock. If such adjustment is not waived, the issuance would not reduce the percentage
ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If
such adjustment is waived, the issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. The term
 equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for
shares of Class A common stock issues in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not
limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Securities could be deemed issued for purposes of the conversion rate
adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities. 

With
certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or saleable (except to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier
to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,
(x) if the reported last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
six months after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common
stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more
series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating,
optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series.
Our board of directors can, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect
the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of
directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of
control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently
intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Redeemable
Warrants 

Public
Stockholders Warrants 

Each
warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

The
warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations
described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A
common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified
or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that
the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will
not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to
net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of
a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying
such unit. 

We
have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to our initial public offering registration
statement or a new registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business
days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current
prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement;
provided that if our shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may,
at our option, require holders of warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration
statement, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the
extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may,
until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky
laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In the event of any cashless exercise described in this paragraph, each holder would
pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the
 fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrant by (y) the fair market value. The fair
market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted last reported average price of the Class A common stock
as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the date that notice of exercise is received by
the warrant agent. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable (the 30-day redemption
 period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, right issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day
 period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to
 the warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon
exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect
such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky
laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price
of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a
 cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and
the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior
to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the
notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received
upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner
will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature
is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If
we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees
would still be entitled to exercise their placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that
other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, as described in more detail below. 

A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock,
or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up
or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each whole warrant will be increased in proportion
to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders
to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of
shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights
offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class
A common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided
by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class
A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received
for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted
average price of Class A common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first
date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the
right to receive such rights. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to the holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital
stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain
amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our Class A common stock if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 33 months from the closing of our initial public offering
at the election of the Company in nine separate one month extensions subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit
of the lesser of: (i) 50,000 and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to 0.03 multiplied by the number of public shares of the Company that
are not redeemed for each one month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance
with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to
complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective
date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class
A common stock in respect of such event. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock
split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever
the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant
exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the
numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior
to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

The
warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent,
and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants
and the warrant agreement set forth in our initial public offering prospectus, or defective provision, but requires the approval by the
holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the
registered holders of public warrants. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of
our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) with such issue price or effective issue price to be
determined in good faith by our board of directors (and in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking
into account any founder shares or private placement units (or securities underlying such private placement units) held by such holder
or affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of
the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and the Market Value is below 9.20 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), then the exercise price of each warrant
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) such that the effective exercise price per full share will be equal to 115 of the higher of the
Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting
rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common
stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be
voted on by stockholders. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to
be issued to the warrant holder. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. This provision does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts
of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. In addition, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the full extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum
for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Placement
warrants 

Except
as described below, the placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of
the units in our initial public offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability, redemption and exercise period. The placement
warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or
salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers
and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor). 

In
addition, holders of our placement warrants are entitled to certain registration rights. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans
may be converted into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination.
The units would be identical to the placement units. However, as the units would not be issued until consummation of our initial business
combination, any warrants underlying such units would not be able to be voted on an amendment to the warrant agreement in connection
with such business combination. 

We
may also receive loans from our sponsor to finance any extension of the deadline for consummating the initial business combination. The
sponsor would receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid
in the even that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such
notes would be repaid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or all, or any portion, of such loans may be convertible
into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the sponsor, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units
would be identical to the placement units. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed
to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of
its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for
its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified
person or entity. 

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions that will apply to us until the completion
of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of at least 65 of our common
stock. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own approximately 57.7 of our common stock, will participate in
any vote to further amend our certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If
 we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months (or up to 33 months) from the closing of our initial
 public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
 not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds
 held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
 expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
 rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and
 (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our
 board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware
 law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to
 (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

Although
 we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors
 or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent
 directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders
 valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If
 a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for
 business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange
 Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially
 the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation
 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide
 our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

So
 long as we maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations
 having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred
 underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement
 in connection with our initial business combination; 

If
 our stockholders approve an amendment to our certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
 to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to
 redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our
 initial public offering (or up to 33 months from the closing of our initial public offering at the election of the Company in two
 separate three month extensions subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of the lesser of: (i) 50,000
 and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to 0.03 multiplied by the number of public shares of the Company that are not redeemed for each
 one month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by our stockholders in accordance with our certificate of incorporation)
 or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will
 provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such
 approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
 earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding
 public shares; and 

We
 will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares
unless our net tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations,
under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a
 stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an
 affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an
 associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A
 business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section
203 do not apply if: 

our
 board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date
 of the transaction; 

after
 the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at
 least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common
 stock; or 

on
 or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized
 at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting
 stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors.
As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or
more annual meetings. 

Our
authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be
utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit
plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage
an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive
forum for certain lawsuits 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought
in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought
only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware
determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party
does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested
in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have
subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented
to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency
in the application of law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and
to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over
all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result,
the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other
claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America,
rather than the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for
the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot
waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates
concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Special
meeting of stockholders 

Our
bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief
Executive Officer or by our Chairman. 

Advance
notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations 

Our
bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election
as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s
notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the
90 th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately
preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy
statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content
of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders
or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action
by written consent 

Subsequent
to the consummation of the offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly
called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with
respect to our Class B common stock. 

Classified
Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year
terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by
resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office
at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding
shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on
our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a
majority of our directors then in office. 

Class
B Common Stock Consent Right 

For
so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders
of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any
provision our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration
or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class
B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without
a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be
signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary
to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. 

Securities
Eligible for Future Sale 

As of December 31, 2023 we had 5,829,510 shares of common stock outstanding.
Of these shares, the 2,319,435 shares sold in our initial public offering are freely tradable without restriction or further registration
under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities
Act. All of the remaining 2,875,000 founder shares, and all 520,075 placement shares are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that
they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and the shares of Class B common stock and placement units are
subject to transfer restrictions. These restricted securities are entitled to registration rights as more fully described below under
 Registration Rights. 

Rule
144 

Pursuant
to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled
to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time
during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three
months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such
shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the
time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person
would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 
 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock then outstanding, which equals 2,955 shares as of December 31, 2023; or 

the
 average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form
 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales
by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current
public information about us. 

Restrictions
on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule
144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell
companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to
this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on
 Form 8-K; and 

at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status
 as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As
a result, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares and placement units (including component securities contained
therein), as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, placement units (including securities contained therein) and units (including securities contained therein)
that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the placement
warrants and any shares of Class A common stock and warrants (and underlying Class A common stock) that may be issued upon conversion
of the units issued as part of the working capital loans and Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares, will
be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed in connection with our initial public offering,
requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock).
The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Listing
of Securities 

Our
units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols FTIIU, FTII 
and FTIIW , respectively. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF FUTURETECH II ACQUISITION CORP. 

None. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Ray Chen, certify that: 

1.
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A of FutureTech II Acquisition Corp.; 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d)
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a)
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b)
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 20, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ray Chen 

Ray
 Chen 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADDED BY 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of FutureTech II Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K/A for the period ended December
31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ray Chen, Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to my knowledge: 

1.
 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 December 20, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ray Chen 

Ray
 Chen 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ftii-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ftii-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ftii-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ftii-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

