<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1842566_0001654954-24-014445.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6695930</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>115185</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1101913</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1631379</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1510739</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2171531</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-24-014445.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160056
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-24-014445
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Airship AI Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842566
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				934974766
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40222
		FILM NUMBER:		241461495

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8210 154TH AVE NE
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(877) 462-4250

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8210 154TH AVE NE
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BYTE Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210128

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Byte Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210126

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-24-014445.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 airsp_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

airsp_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended: TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________ to _____________ Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) _____________________________________________________ (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 14, 2024, there were a total of shares of the registrant s common stock issued and outstanding. Airship AI Holdings, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited). 3 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 6 Notes to the Financial Statements 7 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 37 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 37 PART II Item 1. Legal Proceedings 38 Item 1A. Risk Factors 38 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 38 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 38 Item 5. Other Information 38 Item 6. Exhibits 39 SIGNATURES 40 2 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. AIRSHIP AI HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 12/31/2023 (1) ASSETS (Unaudited) CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of Prepaid expenses and other Income tax receivable Total current assets PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET OTHER ASSETS Other assets Operating lease right of use asset TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable - trade Advances from founders Accrued expenses Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes Current portion of operating lease liability Deferred revenue- current portion Total current liabilities NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: Operating lease liability, net of current portion Warrant liability Earnout liability Deferred revenue- non-current Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 9) STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT: Preferred stock - no par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Common stock - par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total stockholders' deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT (1) Derived from the audited consolidated balance sheet. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 3 Table of Contents AIRSHIP AI HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 NET REVENUES: Product Post contract support COST OF NET REVENUES: Cost of Sales Post contract support GROSS PROFIT RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES OPERATING LOSS OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): Gain (loss) from change in fair value of earnout liability Gain (loss) from change in fair value of warrant liability Gain (loss) from change in fair value of convertible debt Loss on note conversion Interest expense, net Other income (expense) Total other income (expense), net INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE PROVISON FOR INCOME TAXES Provision for income taxes NET INCOME (LOSS) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Foreign currency translation income (loss), net TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents AIRSHIP AI HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT (Unaudited) Common Additional Other Total Common Stock Paid in Accumulated Comprehensive Stockholders' Stock Capital Deficit Income (Loss) Deficit Balance as of January 1, 2023 Stock-based compensation - Net loss - Balance as of March 31, 2023 Stock-based compensation - Stock based compensation- warrants - Foreign currency translation gain - Net loss - Balance as of June 30, 2023 Stock-based compensation- stock option grants - Foreign currency translation gain - Net loss - Balance as of September 30, 2023 Balance as of January 1, 2024 Stock-based compensation - Issuance of common stock for prior period services Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt Issuance of common stock for exercise of warrants Foreign currency translation gain - Net loss - Balance as of March 31, 2024 Stock-based compensation - Issuance of common stock for services Issuance of common stock for exercise of warrants Issuance of common stock for stock options exercise Issuance of common stock for debt interest payment Foreign currency translation gain - Net income - Balance as of June 30, 2024 Stock-based compensation - Stock based compensation- warrants - Issuance of common stock for stock options exercise Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt Issuance of common stock and warrants for offering, net Foreign currency translation gain - Net income - Balance as of September 30, 2024 The shares of the Company s common stock, prior to the merger, have been retroactively restated as shares reflecting the exchange ratio of approximately 1.7581 established in the merger described in Note 1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents AIRSHIP AI HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation- warrants Amortization of operating lease right of use asset Accelerated amortization of ROU asset - lease termination Gain from lease termination Issuance of common stock for services Noncash interest expense Loss from change in fair value of warrant liability Loss from change in fair value of earnout liability Loss from change in fair value of convertible note Loss on note conversions Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other Other assets Operating lease liability Payroll and income tax receivable Accounts payable - trade and accrued expenses Accrued income tax expense Deferred revenue NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Issuance of common stock and warrants for offering, net Proceeds from convertible promissory note Proceeds from warrant exercise Advances from founders, net Proceeds from stock option exercises Repayment of small business loan and line of credit NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Effect from exchange rate on cash CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Interest paid Taxes paid Noncash investing and financing Elimination of advances to founders in connection with contribution of Zeppelin by shareholders Elimination of payables to founders in connection with contribution of Zeppelin by shareholders Issuance of common stock for debt interest payment - Issuance of common stock for debt conversion Recognition of warrant liability The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents AIRSHIP AI HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes Warrant liability (Public Warrants) Warrant liability (Private Warrants) Total liabilities measured at fair value Other loss related to instruments recorded at fair value during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Common Stock and Warrant Offering On September 3, 2024, the Company closed an million public offering with net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting the estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, including the placement agent fees. The offering consisted of shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of its common stock at a combined public offering price of per share and associated common stock warrant. The warrants have an exercise price of per share, are exercisable immediately upon issuance, and will expire five years following the date of issuance. The warrants are classified as a component of permanent equity because they are freestanding financial instruments that are legally detachable and separately exercisable from the shares of common stock with which they were issued, do not embody an obligation for the Company to repurchase its shares, and permit the holders to receive a fixed numbers of shares of common stock upon exercise. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and general corporate purposes, including cost of goods sold purchases, personnel and product development. 7 Table of Contents private placement warrants and public warrants. On June 3, 2024, the Company permanently reduced the exercise price of such warrants from per share to an exercise price of per share. The purpose of this reduced exercise price was to potentially raise proceeds received from the exercise of such warrants, if any, for working capital and general corporate purposes. As of September 30, 2024, there were private placement warrants and public warrants outstanding. See Note 12 Private Placement and Public Warrants for more information. Business The Company is a robust AI-driven data management platform that solves complex data challenges for large institutions operating in dynamic and mission-critical environments with rapidly increasing volumes of data being ingested from a similarly rapidly growing number of data sources. The Company solves these challenges by structuring dark or unstructured data at the edge, the location at which the data is generated and collected, and leveraging purpose-built AI models. Unstructured, or dark data, which is typically categorized as qualitative data, cannot be processed and analyzed via conventional data tools and methods. Conversely, structured data, typically categorized as quantitative data, is highly organized and easily decipherable by machine learning algorithms. Structuring and then analyzing data using AI models at the edge, versus transmitting the data from the edge back to a central processing location for structuring and analysis, enables real-time decision making and data-driven operational efficiency. The Company specializes in ingesting all available metadata from edge-based sensors used by government and law enforcement agencies around the world, including surveillance cameras (video), audio, telemetry, acoustic, seismic, and autonomous devices, along with large commercial corporations with fundamentally similar capabilities and requirements. Data generated by these edge-based sensors, including video, can then be run through the Company s trained AI models to detect objects present within the video frame. Once an object is detected, for example an automobile, additional identifying characteristics of the object can be extracted from the image including the license plate characters and the make, model, and color of the automobile. This process of analyzing, logging and categorizing ingested data is referred to as structuring the data. Airship AI s software allows customers to view structured data both in real-time as well as to conduct searches on the structured data at a later point in time. Real-time structured data use includes, for example, alarms on a specific license plate or a specific make, model or color of automobile. Non-real-time structured data use includes, for example, searching a database of video data that has been previously ingested and stored to find instances of a particular license plate being visible, along with other logged vehicle characteristics such as make, model and color of an automobile. Additional edge deployed AI models enable similar object detection and recognition of common and custom trained objects, such as an aircraft, boat, person, animal, bag, or weapon. Airship AI s models provide similar data points for these object types allowing analysts the ability to be notified in real-time of the detection of a specified object and similarly search for historically detected objects. Examples include detecting aircrafts and boats along with their respective tail numbers and hull registration numbers. The Company s AI modelling process starts with pre-trained AI models from its technology ecosystem partners which the Company then customizes using proprietary datasets tailored towards its customers unique workflow requirements. Where customers have pre-existing AI models or engines, the Company integrates those models or engines into its edge platform allowing customers to leverage proprietary models within the Airship AI software ecosystem. 8 Table of Contents Functional Currency Cash and Cash Equivalents . The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant risk for cash on deposit. Revenue Recognition and Deferred Revenue 9 Table of Contents Post Contract Support Revenue and , respectively, related to one-year support contracts. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized revenue of and , respectively, related to multi-year support contracts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized revenue of and , respectively, related to one-year support contracts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized revenue of and respectively, related to multi-year support contracts. Other Services Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations 10 Table of Contents and as of September 30, 2024. The Company s short-term and long-term deferred revenue balances totaled and as of December 31, 2023. Of the deferred revenue balance of as of January 1, 2024, the Company recognized approximately 933,675 and 3,061,613 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Accounts Receivable and Provision for Credit Losses and , respectively. Concentration of Credit and Sales Risk of total revenue, although such a high level of customer concentration is not typical. The primary reason for the high level of customer concentration for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due to one large order received in late 2023 which was fulfilled in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, five customers represent approximately , , , and of outstanding account receivables. Due to the nature of the customers and timely payment history, customer concentration and credit risk in account receivables is estimated to be minimal. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, two customers represent approximately and of total revenue. As of December 31, 2023, three customers represent approximately , and of outstanding account receivables. Due to the nature of the customers and timely payment history, customer concentration and credit risk in account receivables is estimated to be minimal. 11 Table of Contents Long-Lived Assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Research and Development Expenses and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, on development activities. The Company incurred research and development expenses of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, on development activities. Software Development Costs Cost of Net Revenues Advertising and , respectively. Advertising and marketing costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 12 Table of Contents Fair Value Measurements Accounting for Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes at Fair Value and for the change in fair value of the notes and is included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. The Company believes accounting for the convertible notes at fair value better aligns the measurement methodologies of assets and liabilities, which may mitigate certain earnings volatility. 13 Table of Contents private placement warrants and public warrants. On June 3, 2024, the Company permanently reduced the exercise price of such warrants from per share to an exercise price of per share. The purpose of this reduced exercise price was to potentially raise proceeds received from the exercise of such warrants, if any, for working capital and general corporate purposes. As of September 30, 2024, there were private placement warrants and public warrants outstanding. See Note 12 Private Placement and Public Warrants for more information. Upon consummation of the merger, the Company evaluated the warrants and concluded that they did not meet the criteria to be classified within the stockholders deficit. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The initial estimated fair value of the warrants was measured using a Monte Carlo simulation. The subsequent estimated fair value of the public warrants is based on the listed price in an active market for such warrants while the fair value of the private placement warrants continues to be measured using a Monte Carlo simulation with the key inputs being directly or indirectly observable public warrants listed price. Since the public and private warrants meet the definition of a derivative, the Company recorded the public and private warrants as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value upon the merger closing, with subsequent changes in the fair value recognized in the consolidated statements of operations at each reporting date. At the closing of the merger, the Airship AI securityholders that hold shares of common stock of Airship AI, Airship AI options, Airship AI earnout warrants or Airship AI SARs have the contingent right to receive up to million additional shares of common stock, subject to certain contingencies. These earnout shares have been categorized into two components: (i) the vested shares that are associated with stockholders with vested equity at the closing of the merger that will be earned upon achievement of the earnout milestones and (ii) the unvested shares associated with stockholders with unvested equity at the closing of the merger that will be earned over the remaining service period with the Company on their unvested equity shares and upon achievement of the earnout milestones. The earnout shares associated with vested shares are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40, as the events that determine the number of earnout shares required to be released or issued, as the case may be, include events that were not solely indexed to the fair value of common stock of the Company. The earnout shares were measured at the merger closing and subsequently measured at each reporting date until settled or when they met the criteria for equity classification. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the earnout shares as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The earnout shares were valued using a Monte Carlo analysis. At the closing of the merger, the unvested earnout shares were considered to be equity instruments and valued at approximately . This amount will be recognized as stock-based compensation going forward over the five-year vesting period. Derivative warrant and earnout shares liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of significant current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 14 Table of Contents Income Taxes Comprehensive Gain and loss of related foreign exchange translation for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There was other comprehensive gain of and gain of related foreign exchange translation for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Going Concern Assessment Use of Estimates 15 Table of Contents Reportable Segments Recent Accounting Pronouncements . In the year ended December 31, 2023, Mr. Huang and Mr. Xu advanced Airship AI a total of and were repaid a total of , with recorded as advances from founders as of December 31, 2023. During 2024, Mr. Huang and Mr. Xu advanced Airship AI and were repaid , with recorded as advances from founders as of September 30, 2024. The outstanding advances as of September 30, 2024 are non-interest bearing and the Company expects to pay the balance off within a one year period. Master Loan Agreement On September 27, 2024, the Company entered into a Master Loan Agreement with Mr. Huang, whereby he may provide additional funding of up to under certain terms and conditions. The Agreement provides for interest of . The Company agreed to pay interest for the 2024 advances (described under Advances to Founders above) of and issued warrants to purchase up to 220,000 shares of common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of per share, are exercisable immediately upon issuance and will expire in five years following the date of issuance. The fair value of the warrant is recorded in permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets and was fully expensed on the date of grant. There are no outstanding advances under this Master Loan Agreement as of September 30, 2024. million and million, respectively, of hardware and software bundled systems for which revenue is transferred at a point in time The Company s remaining net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 of approximately million and million, respectively, related to PCS revenue and other services which are transferred over time. Within each product category, contract terms, conditions and economic factors affecting the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty around revenue recognition and cash flow are substantially similar. 16 Table of Contents and as of September 30, 2024. The Company s short-term and long-term deferred revenue balances totaled and as of December 31, 2023. Of the deferred revenue balance of as of January 1, 2024, the Company recognized approximately and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Remaining Performance Obligations As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately million of remaining performance obligations, which were comprised of deferred service contracts not yet delivered. The Company expects to recognize approximately of its remaining performance obligations as revenue in fiscal 2024 and the remaining in fiscal 2025 and years thereafter. Costs to Obtain or Fulfill a Contract The Company does not pay any material variable compensation to obtain a customer contract. Additionally, the majority of the Company s cost of fulfillment as a seller of products is classified as inventory and then cost of revenue when the product is sold. Other costs of contract fulfillment such as software maintenance are expensed in the period incurred and align with when the revenue is amortized. senior secured convertible promissory note to Platinum Capital Partners, Inc. On February 2, 2024, the Company issued an amended and restated senior secured convertible promissory note to Platinum in the principal amount of . Interest accrued on the Platinum convertible note at the rate of per annum calculated on the basis of 360 days. At the option of Platinum, the principal amount of the note plus any accrued but unpaid interest is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price per share equal to the lower of (i) .69717, subject to appropriate adjustment as provided in the note, and (ii) 65 of the VWAP of the common stock for the five trading days immediately prior to any conversion, but in no event below .27518, subject to appropriate adjustment as provided in the note. The note contains weighted average anti-dilution protection for issuances of shares of common stock or common stock equivalents at a price less than the conversion price then in effect. In connection with the issuance of the Platinum convertible note, the Company issued to Platinum an amended and restated common stock purchase warrant dated February 2, 2024, to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price per share of .69717. On March 18, 2024, Platinum exercised the Platinum warrant and received shares of common stock. Platinum forfeited shares. 17 Table of Contents shares of the Company s restricted common stock in payment of all interest and extension fees through June 22, 2025 with a value of . Approximately of the total payment related to the future interest periods and were recorded in prepaid expenses and others on the consolidated balance sheet. Subject to the terms and conditions of such extension agreement, for a period commencing on December 22, 2024 and ending at the close of business on December 22, 2025, Platinum has a one-time put right to have the Company purchase all or a portion of Platinum s restricted shares at .27518 per share. The Company granted piggyback registration rights to Platinum. The obligations under the Platinum convertible note are secured by a blanket lien on all assets of the Company pursuant to an Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated February 2, 2024 and are guaranteed pursuant to an Amended and Restated Guaranty dated February 2, 2024. The Company also concurrently entered into an Amended and Restated Subordination Agreement. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock related to the conversion of of the Platinum convertible note and recorded a loss on note conversion of . On October 3, 2023, the Company issued senior secured convertible promissory notes for to two private investors. At the option of the holders, the notes were convertible into cash, common stock or a combination of cash and stock. On March 5, 2024, the two private investors converted the notes with a face value of and interest into shares of the Company s common stock valued at . On September 13, 2024, the Company issued an additional shares of common stock related to the conversion of notes at per share. The Company recognized a loss on debt conversion of and , respectively during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company accounts for the notes under the fair value method of accounting and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the notes were recorded at and , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded an increase in the fair value of the convertible notes payable totaling and , respectively, which were recorded as loss from change in fair value of convertible debt on the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. See Note 14 Fair Value Measurements for more information. Details on notes payable and convertible notes payable were disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. shares, consisting of shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock, par value per share. Details on the common stock, preferred stock and equity incentive plans were disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. Common Stock As of September 30, 2024, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 18 Table of Contents and interest into shares of the Company s common stock. On March 5, 2024, a private investor converted a senior secured convertible promissory note for and interest into shares of the Company s common stock. On March 21, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for services performed as of December 31, 2023 to MZHCI, LLC related to an investor relations consulting agreement. On May 16, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock to Pamria LLC for consulting and investor relations services. On June 22, 2024, the Company entered into an extension agreement with Platinum Capital Partners Inc. to extend the maturity date of the Platinum convertible note to June 22, 2025. In consideration for entering into the extension agreement, the Company issued to Platinum shares of common stock in payment of all interest and extension fees through June 22, 2025. On September 3, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock at a combined price of related to the closing of a public offering. See Note 1. On September 13, 2024, the Company issued an additional shares of common stock related to the conversion of notes at per share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock related to the conversion of of the Platinum convertible note. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock upon the exercise of stock options at weighted average price. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrants at weighted average price. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan The Company has adopted the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan, which plan was approved by stockholders at the extraordinary general meeting held in December 2023. Details on the equity incentive plan were disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. The aggregate number of shares of common stock initially reserved and available for grant and issuance under the equity incentive plan is 4,456,241 as of September 30, 2024. Such aggregate number of shares of stock will automatically increase on January 1 of each year for a period of ten years commencing on January 1, 2024 and ending on January 1, 2033, in an amount equal to 2.0 of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding year. The Company had the following stock option activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted stock options to seven employees to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock with an exercise price of and which vest primarily quarterly over four years and expire March to August 2034. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, five employees voluntarily cancelled stock options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock with an exercise price of . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock and received upon the exercise of stock options at exercise prices ranging from per share. 19 Table of Contents Granted Exercised Forfeited Outstanding as of September 30. 2024 The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable as of September 30, 2024: 0.57 1.49-1.65 1.90 2.86 There were options to purchase common stock at an average exercise price of per share outstanding as of September 30, 2024 under the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. The Company recorded and of compensation expense, net of related tax effects, relative to stock options for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recorded and of compensation expense, net of related tax effects, relative to stock options for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in accordance with ASC 718. As of September 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized costs related to employee granted stock options that were not vested. These costs are expected to be recognized over a period of approximately years. In August 2024, the Company cancelled out-of-the money options to exercise shares held by current employees and replaced them with options at lower exercise prices. The new options were subject to the same service-based vesting schedule as the original options. The Company accounted for the replacement options as a modification of the terms of the cancelled option awards and in accordance with ASC 718-20-35-2A, the Company will recognize additional stock compensation expense over the remaining vesting period as the incremental cost measured as the excess of the fair value of the replaced options on the grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model over the fair value of the cancelled option award at the cancellation date. The significant weighted-average assumptions relating to the valuation of the Company s stock option grants were as follows for the nine months ended: - Exercise price - Dividend yield Expected life years years - years Expected volatility Risk free interest rate 20 Table of Contents shares with an aggregate intrinsic value of . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 there were SARs outstanding. There were no SAR grants in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the year ended December 31, 2023. Warrants to Purchase Common Stock See Note 12 for public and private placement warrants assumed after the merger. The Company had the following warrant activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: In connection with the issuance of the Platinum convertible note, the Company issued to Platinum an amended and restated common stock purchase warrant dated February 2, 2024 to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price per share of .69717. On March 18, 2024, Platinum exercised the Platinum warrant and received shares of common stock. Platinum forfeited shares. On September 3, 2024 the Company issued warrants to purchase up to shares of its common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of per share, are exercisable immediately upon issuance and will expire five years following the date of issuance. On September 3, 2024 the Company issued warrants to purchase up to shares of its common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of per share, are exercisable immediately upon issuance and will expire five years following the date of issuance. On September 27, 2024, the Company issued warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of per share, are exercisable immediately upon issuance and will expire in five years following the date of issuance. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, investors exercised warrants for shares of the Company s common stock at per share, and the Company received proceeds of . Warrant activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was as follows: Issued Exercised Forfeited Expired - Outstanding at September 30, 2024 21 Table of Contents The significant weighted average assumptions relating to the valuation of the Company s warrants issued for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: Stock price Exercise price Expected life years Expected volatility Risk free interest rate Earnout Liability See Note 13 for common stock shares related to earnout liability. . The Company expensed and of contributions during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company expensed and of contributions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. . In the year ended December 31, 2023, Mr. Huang and Mr. Xu advanced Airship AI a total of and were repaid a total of , with recorded as advances from founders as of December 31, 2023. During 2024, Mr. Huang and Mr. Xu advanced Airship AI and was repaid , with recorded as advances from founders as of September 30, 2024. The outstanding advances as of September 30, 2024 are non-interest bearing and the Company expects to pay the balance off within a one year period. Master Loan Agreement On September 27, 2024, the Company entered into a Master Loan Agreement with Mr. Huang, whereby he may provide additional funding of up to under certain terms and conditions. The agreement provides for interest of . The Company agreed to pay interest for the 2024 advances (described under Advances to Founders above) of and the Company issued warrants to purchase up to 220,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of per share, are exercisable immediately upon issuance and will expire in five years following the date of issuance. The fair value of the warrant is recorded in permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets and was fully expensed on the date of grant. There are no outstanding advances under this Master Loan Agreement as of September 30, 2024. 22 Table of Contents shares of common stock to each of Victor Huang and Derek Xu. The warrants were valued at based on the exercise price of , the fair market stock price of , a five year term, a volatility of and interest of . The warrants were recorded as stock-based compensation expense and as additional paid in capital. All warrants are fully vested as they were issued for services performed. square feet of office and warehouse space which started October 1, 2023. The monthly payment is per month. The lease expires October 31, 2027 and the monthly payment increases on July 31, 2024 and each year thereafter. There is a one three year option to extend the lease based on the fair market rate on , which the Company expects to exercise. On February 29, 2024, the Company extended an office lease in Moorestown, North Carolina. The Company leases square feet and the net monthly payment is . On August 27, 2024, the Company extended the lease to . The Company has entered into operating leases for office and development facilities for four years and include options to renew. The Company determines whether an arrangement is or contains a lease based upon the unique facts and circumstances at the inception of the lease. Operating lease liabilities and their corresponding right-of-use assets are recorded based upon the present value of the lease payments over the expected lease term. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, total operating lease liabilities was and , respectively. Right of use assets was and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Current lease liabilities were and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized and in total lease costs for the leases, respectively. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized and in total lease costs for the leases, respectively. Because the rate implicit in each lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses its estimated incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease payments. The weighted average remaining lease term for the operating leases was thirty seven months at September 30, 2024 and the weighted average discount rate was . 23 Table of Contents 2026 2027 2028 Total remaining payments Less Imputed Interest Total lease liability Employment Agreement On March 1, 2024, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mark E. Scott, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, which provides for a base salary of annually. Mr. Scott is also eligible to participate in annual performance-based bonus programs established by the board or compensation committee, subject to the achievement of applicable performance criteria established by the board or compensation committee, which shall be determined in good faith by the board or compensation committee. Mr. Scott was also granted options to purchase up to twenty five thousand (25,000) shares of common stock with an exercise price equal to , which options vested in full on the date of issuance. for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company s effective tax rate was for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The difference between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 primarily related to the valuation allowance on the Company s deferred tax assets. For interim periods, the Company estimates its annual effective income tax rate and applies the estimated rate to the year-to-date income or loss before income taxes. The Company also computes the tax provision or benefit related to items reported separately and recognizes the items net of their related tax effect in the interim periods in which they occur. The Company also recognizes the effect of changes in enacted tax laws or rates in the interim periods in which the changes occur. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company retains a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. The realization of the Company s deferred tax assets depends primarily on its ability to generate taxable income in future periods. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable in future periods may change as management continues to reassess the underlying factors it uses in estimating future taxable income. million, net of transaction costs of million. The merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with GAAP. Under this method of accounting, BYTS, who was the legal acquirer, was treated as the acquired company for accounting purposes and Airship AI was treated as the accounting acquirer. Accordingly, the merger was treated as the equivalent of Airship AI issuing shares at the closing of the merger for the net assets of BYTS as of the closing date, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of BYTS was stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Airship AI was determined to be the accounting acquirer based on evaluation of the following facts and circumstances: Airship AI s stockholders have the majority voting interest in the combined company; The board of the post-merger company is composed of one (1) director designated by BYTS and four (4) directors designated by Airship AI; Airship AI s senior management is the senior management of the post-merger company; The business of Airship AI comprises the ongoing operations of post-merger company; and Airship AI is the larger entity, in terms of substantive assets. 24 Table of Contents Transaction expenses (1) Earnout liability Warrants liability Reverse capitalization on December 21, 2023 (1) (1) Adjusted for correction of transaction expense discussed below. Immaterial Revision of Prior Period Financial Information In connection with the preparation of its consolidated financial statements, the Company identified an immaterial error related to the classification of prepaid expenses and transaction expenses (classified in accumulated deficit as reverse recapitalization). In accordance with SAB No. 99, Materiality, and SAB No. 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in the Current Year Financial Statements, the Company evaluated the error and determined that the impact was not material to its financial statements for the prior annual and current interim period, accordingly the Company revised the prior period financial information for comparative purposes. The revision does not impact the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. A summary of the revision to the Company s previously reported consolidated balance sheets is included below for comparative purposes: Total current assets Total assets Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' deficit The revision had no impact to cash provided by operating activities in such period. private placement warrants and public warrants. On June 3, 2024, the Company permanently reduced the exercise price of such warrants from per share to an exercise price of per share. The purpose of this reduced exercise price was to potentially raise proceeds received from the exercise of such warrants, if any, for working capital and general corporate purposes. As of September 30, 2024, there were private placement warrants and public warrants outstanding. Details on the warrants were disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. The public warrants will expire on December 21, 2028. 25 Table of Contents Private Warrants earnout shares of the Company s common stock if the following earnout milestones are met. (A) ; (B) ; (C) (D) . Any earnout shares issuable under the merger agreement to a Airship AI securityholder in respect of each Airship AI option or Airship AI SAR held by such holder as of immediately prior to the effective time of the merger shall be earned by such holder on the later of (i) the occurrence of the applicable earnout milestone, and (ii) the date on which the option in respect of such Airship AI option or SAR in respect of such Airship AI SAR, as applicable, becomes vested pursuant to its applicable vesting schedule, but only if such holder continues to provide services (whether as an employee, director or individual independent contractor) to the Company or one of its subsidiaries through such date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any earnout shares that are not earned by Airship AI securityholder in respect of its options or SARs on or before the fifth anniversary of the closing date of the merger shall be forfeited without any consideration. Any earnout shares that are forfeited pursuant to the merger agreement shall be reallocated to the other Airship AI securityholders who remain entitled to receive earnout shares in accordance with their respective earnout pro rata shares. These earnout shares have been categorized into two components: (i) the Vested Shares - those associated with earnout holders with vested equity at the closing of the merger that will be earned upon achievement of the earnout milestones and (ii) the Unvested Shares - those associated with earnout holders with unvested equity at the closing of the merger that will be earned over the remaining service period with the Company on their unvested equity shares and upon achievement of the earnout milestones. The Vested Shares, which represent 95 of the total earnout shares are classified as liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statements of operations due to the variability in the number of earnout shares at settlement which could change upon a change of control event. The earnout arrangement contains a settlement provision that violates the indexation guidance under ASC 815-40. The Unvested Shares are equity-classified share-based compensation to be recognized over time under ASC 718 due to the service component. 26 Table of Contents , which was recorded as a long-term liability and a reduction to additional paid in capital in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023, the earnout liability had decreased to as a result of the decline in the Company s share price since the closing of the merger. As of September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of the earnout liability increased to primarily due to the increase in the Company s share price, which resulted in a gain (loss) due to the change in fair value of the earnout liability during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 of and ), respectively, and is recorded on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. See Note 14 Fair Value Measurements for more information. (or 5.96 per share). During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company stock-based compensation expense for the vesting of earnout shares was and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested earnout shares totaled . The weighted average period over which this remaining compensation cost is expected to be recognized is years. As of September 30, 2024, the Company determined the First Operating Performance Milestone (A,2) is achieved and shares are to be issued to applicable personnel in early January 2025. The fair value of the 1,250,000 vested shares as of September 30, 2024 of was determined using the Company s closing trading price on September 30, 2024 and is included in the earnout liability on the consolidated balance sheet. The vested earnout shares are considered a level 1 fair value instrument. See Note 14. Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes Warrant liability (Public Warrants) Warrant liability (Private Warrants) Total liabilities measured at fair value The following table sets forth by level within the ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, fair value hierarchy of the Company s liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2023: Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes Warrant liability (Public Warrants) Warrant liability (Private Warrants) Total liabilities measured at fair value 27 Table of Contents Risk-free interest rate Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Dividend yield The assumptions also included the probability of meeting the federal law enforcement agency growth milestone at 100 . The fair value of the vested shares as of September 30, 2024 of was determined using the Company s closing trading price on September 30, 2024. The initial estimated fair value of the private warrants was measured using a Monte Carlo simulation. The estimated fair value of the public warrants is based on the listed price in an active market for such warrants and the fair value of the private placement warrants continues to be measured based on the public warrants listed price. The estimated fair value of the senior secured convertible promissory notes was measured using a Monte Carlo simulation pricing model that factors in potential outcomes being consummated, such as the convertible notes being repaid in cash and the convertible notes being converted to common stock. All of these scenarios take into consideration the terms and conditions of the underlying convertible notes plus potential changes in the underlying value of the common stock. The following assumptions were used in the simulation: Effective discount rate Expected term (in years) to Expected volatility Dividend yield On September 13, 2024, the vested earnout shares were transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 upon the Board approval of the achievement of the First Operating Performance Milestone (A,2). The fair value on the day of transfer was 3,400,000. There were no transfers of financial instruments between valuation levels during the year ended December 31, 2023. The changes in Level 3 liabilities measured at fair value for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes (a) The conversions and settlements represent the fair value of the Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes at the dates of conversion. 28 Table of Contents Less: interest expense and gain on remeasurement of convertible debt Net income (loss) - Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Add: dilutive effect of convertible debt, stock options, SARs, vested earnout shares and warrants - - - Diluted Income (loss) per share Basic Diluted The following potentially dilutive shares were not included in the calculation of diluted shares outstanding for the periods presented as the effect would have been anti-dilutive: - Private Warrants - Convertible debt - Warrants - Outstanding stock options - The remaining unvested earnout shares as of September 30, 2024 are excluded from basic and diluted net loss per share as such shares are contingently issuable until the Company exceeds certain milestone thresholds that have not been achieved. The vested earnout shares are included in the diluted earnings per share calculation for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 and will be issued to applicable personnel in early January 2025. As a result of the merger, the weighted-average number of shares of common stock used in the calculation of net income (loss) per share have been retroactively converted by applying the conversion ratio. shares of common stock related to the conversion of the Platinum convertible note. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2). On November 13, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock related to the conversion of the Platinum convertible note. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2). 29 Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting our operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. The discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in or implied by forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in the sections titled Risk Factors and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Overview We are a robust AI-driven data management platform that solves complex data challenges for large institutions operating in dynamic and mission-critical environments with rapidly increasing volumes of data being ingested from a similarly rapidly growing number of data sources. We solve these challenges by structuring dark or unstructured data at the edge, the location at which the data is generated and collected, and leveraging purpose-built AI models. Unstructured, or dark data, which is typically categorized as qualitative data, cannot be processed and analyzed via conventional data tools and methods. Conversely, structured data, typically categorized as quantitative data, is highly organized and easily decipherable by machine learning algorithms. Structuring and then analyzing data using AI models at the edge, versus transmitting the data from the edge back to a central processing location for structuring and analysis, enables real-time decision making and data-driven operational efficiency. We specialize in ingesting all available metadata from edge-based sensors used by government and law enforcement agencies around the world, including surveillance cameras (video), audio, telemetry, acoustic, seismic, and autonomous devices, along with large commercial corporations with fundamentally similar capabilities and requirements. Data generated by these edge-based sensors, including video, can then be run through our trained AI models to detect objects present within the video frame. Once an object is detected, for example an automobile, additional identifying characteristics of the object can be extracted from the image including the license plate characters and the make, model, and color of the automobile. This process of analyzing, logging and categorizing ingested data is referred to as structuring the data. Airship AI s software allows customers to view structured data both in real-time as well as to conduct searches on the structured data at a later point in time. Real-time structured data use includes, for example, alarms on a specific license plate or a specific make, model or color of automobile. Non-real-time structured data use includes, for example, searching a database of video data that has been previously ingested and stored to find instances of a particular license plate being visible, along with other logged vehicle characteristics such as make, model and color of an automobile. Additional edge deployed AI models enable similar object detection and recognition of common and custom trained objects, such as an aircraft, boat, person, animal, bag, or weapon. Airship AI s models provide similar data points for these object types allowing analysts the ability to be notified in real-time of the detection of a specified object and similarly search for historically detected objects. Examples include detecting aircrafts and boats along with their respective tail numbers and hull registration numbers. Our AI modelling process starts with pre-trained AI models from our technology ecosystem partners which we then customize using proprietary datasets tailored towards our customers unique workflow requirements. Where customers have pre-existing AI models or engines, we integrate those models or engines into our edge platform allowing customers to leverage proprietary models within the Airship AI software ecosystem. Our primary offerings include Outpost AI, Acropolis, and Airship Command. Our offerings allow customers to manage their data across the full data lifecycle, when and where they need it, using a highly secure permissioned based architecture. Recent Developments On June 3, 2024, we permanently reduced the exercise price of our outstanding 16,184,612 public warrants and 515,000 private warrants, previously exercisable at 11.50 per share, to an exercise price of 7.80 per share. The purpose of this reduced exercise price was to potentially raise proceeds received from the exercise of such warrants, if any, for working capital and general corporate purposes. 30 Table of Contents On June 22, 2024, we entered into an extension agreement with Platinum Capital Partner, Inc. to extend the maturity date of a 2,000,000 senior secured convertible promissory note to June 22, 2025. In consideration for entering into the extension agreement, we issued to Platinum 232,360 shares of common stock in payment of all interest and extension fees through June 22, 2025. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued 219,763 shares of common stock related to the conversion of 500,000 of the senior secured convertible note. On September 3, 2024, we closed an offering of 8 million of shares of common stock and common stock purchase warrants and received net proceeds of approximately 7.3 million, after deducting the estimated offering expenses payable by us, including the placement agent fees. We intend to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and general corporate purposes, including cost of goods sold purchases, personnel and product development. On September 27, 2024, the Company entered into a Master Loan Agreement with Mr. Huang, whereby he may provide additional funding of up to 1,500,000 under certain terms and conditions. The agreement provides for interest of 6 . The Company agreed to pay interest for the 2024 advances of 11,913 and issued warrants to purchase up to 220,000 shares of common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of 2.36 per share, are exercisable immediately upon issuance and will expire in five years following the date of issuance. There are no outstanding advances under this Master Loan Agreement as of September 30, 2024. Fair Value Transactions As a result of the merger, we entered into the following transactions that were measured at fair value and vary quarterly with the share price and other items. Any change is non-cash and is recorded as a gain or loss in other income (expense). See Note 14 Fair Value Measurements for more information. Liability as of Liability as of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Earnout liability 6,229,390 5,133,428 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes 1,793,360 2,825,366 Warrant liability (Public Warrants) 3,393,393 646,428 Warrant liability (Private Warrants) 108,150 21,557 Total liabilities measured at fair value 11,524,293 8,626,779 Other loss related to instruments recorded at fair value during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (4,071,156 (400,921 Private Placement and Public Warrants At the merger closing, we assumed 515,000 private placement warrants and 16,184,612 public warrants. On June 3, 2024, we permanently reduced the exercise price of such warrants from 11.50 per share to an exercise price of 7.80 per share. The purpose of this reduced exercise price was to potentially raise proceeds received from the exercise of such warrants, if any, for working capital and general corporate purposes. As of September 30, 2024, there were 515,000 private placement warrants and 16,159,012 public warrants outstanding. Key Performance Indicators Historically, a majority of our product revenue has consisted primarily of a bundled hardware and software product and to date we have sold or licensed a minimal amount of standalone software. In the future, we expect to see more delivery of our products using a cloud based software solution which will allow us to create additional subscription revenue. 31 Table of Contents We have historically evaluated our business solely based on revenue generated from customers and we have not tracked any other customer-related metrics. As we grow and increase our product offerings and customer base, we intend to modify and develop more advanced performance indicators. We believe the following key performance indicators apply to us in the future: Growth within existing government customers . While we currently have a strong footprint across multiple large U.S. government agencies, growing our business within these agencies outside of the investigation focused departments is a fundamental area of our projected growth. Our ability to expand our footprint by implementing AI based solutions that leverage our core existing competencies within the agencies will be a critical indicator of the success of this strategy. We will measure progress against this objective through the disclosure of awards for new business within these agencies during the affected timeframe, providing tangible evidence of the success of our strategy to both management and investors alike. Greater penetration into the commercial marketplace . While we have several existing customers in the commercial marketplace, our ability to build on the solutions we provide those customers and expand that base will be critical to our projected growth objectives. We will measure progress against this objective through the disclosure of the number of new commercial customers added during the affected timeframe, providing tangible evidence of the success of our strategy to both management and investors alike. Expansion of our edge AI based solutions . We began to sell AI based solutions in late 2022. Our current strategy is highly focused on the transition of data management and analysis workloads to the edge, driving efficiency and cost savings for our customers. This strategy also includes new models being trained to extract data at the edge which enables real-time intelligent decision making for our customers. We will measure progress against this objective through the disclosure of the numbers of edge AI hardware devices we are selling as well as the growth of our edge AI analytic capabilities, providing tangible evidence of the success of our strategy to both management and investors alike. Principal Factors Affecting Our Financial Performance We believe the following factors and trends may cause previously reported financial information not to be necessarily indicative of future operating results or future financial conditions: Increase in the sales of lower margin solutions as we expand our operational footprint . While our current focus remains on expanding our AI driven software application portfolio, opportunities will continue to present themselves to provide those software-based solutions as part of a larger hardware-based turn-key solutions where Airship AI can provide a unique value-add to the customer. While these solutions will positively affect revenue we anticipate our operating profits in future periods may be adversely affected as compared to previous years due to the lower operating margin for hardware versus software applications. Challenges due to geo-political driven supply-chain constraints . While many of the COVID-19 driven supply chain issues have been resolved, challenges to the timely production and delivery of Taiwan based products we utilize for our edge AI platform due to geo-political factors is a concern looking forward. In the event that our suppliers are unable to provide timely delivery of those supplies it will significantly impact our ability to meet delivery schedules for existing and anticipated edge AI hardware-based solutions. Near-term impacts due to merger and acquisition activity . If Airship AI merges with or acquires another company, it is reasonably expected that there will be increased operating expenses and costs associated with the merger that could negatively impact operating profits in the future periods immediately following the M A event. The extent and longevity of those impacts is not possible to quantify. Segment Reporting The Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standard Codification, or ASC, Topic 280, Segment Reporting , requires that an enterprise report selected information about reportable segments in its financial reports issued to its stockholders. Management monitors the revenue and expense components of the various products and services the Company offers, but operations are managed and financial performance is evaluated on a corporation-wide basis in comparison to a business plan which is developed each year. Accordingly, all operations are considered by management to be one operating segment and one reportable segment as contained in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss to the consolidated financial statements. 32 Table of Contents Results of Operations The following table sets forth key components of our results of operations during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. (dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Variance Net revenues 2,868 2,384 484 20.3 Cost of net revenues 714 782 68 8.7 Gross profit 2,154 1,602 552 34.5 Research and development expenses 1,074 689 (385 -55.9 Selling, general and administrative expenses 2,667 2,142 (525 -24.5 Total operating expenses 3,741 2,831 (910 -32.1 Operating loss (1,587 (1,229 (358 -29.1 Other income (expense): Gain from change in fair value of earnout liability 5,512 - 5,512 100.0 Gain from change in fair value of warrant liability 2,471 - 2,471 100.0 Gain (loss) from change in fair value of convertible debt 371 (401 772 -192.5 Loss on note conversion (435 - (435 -100.0 Interest expense, net (134 (39 (95 -243.6 Other income (expense) 16 2 14 -700.0 Total other income (expense), net 7,801 (438 8,239 1881.1 Income (loss) before income taxes 6,214 (1,667 7,881 472.8 Provision for income taxes - - - - Net income (loss) 6,214 (1,667 7,881 472.8 Net Revenues Net revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 484,000 to 2,868,000 as compared to 2,384,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of increased product sales. We received purchase orders from various federal government agency customers totaling over 16 million from which we partially shipped in the three months ended September 30, 2024. Cost of Net Revenues Cost of net revenues primarily consists of product costs and post customer support. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, cost of sales decreased 68,000 to 714,000 as compared to 782,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to reduced equipment purchases and increased Outpost AI sales during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 385,000 to 1,074,000 as compared to 689,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to increased expenses for product development. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 525,000 to 2,667,000 as compared to 2,142,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to (i) increased insurance costs of 142,000; (ii) increased professional fees of 333,000, primarily related to the merger and the Nasdaq listing; and (iii) increased other operating expenses of 50,000. 33 Table of Contents Other Income Expense Other income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 7,801,000 as compared to other expense of 438,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Other expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 consisted of (i) gain from change in fair value of earnout liability of 5,512,000; (ii) gain from change in fair value of warrant liability of 2,471,000; (iii) gain from change in fair value of convertible debt of 371,000; (iv) other income of 16,000; offset by (v) loss on note conversion of 435,000; and (vi) interest expense of 134,000. The gain from change in fair value of various financial instruments was primarily the result of a lower stock price. The other expense for the three months ended September 30, 2023 related to (i) the loss in change of the fair value of the convertible note of 401,000; (ii) interest expense of 39,000; and offset by (iii) other income of 2,000. Net Income/Loss Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 6,214,000 as compared to net loss of 1,667,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The net income is reduced by noncash items of 7,338,000, primarily the gain from the change in fair value of various financial instruments. Noncash items included (i) stock based compensation of 557,000; (ii) net amortization of operating lease right of use asset of 24,000; (iii) loss on note conversions of 434,000; offset by (iv) gain from change in fair value of warrant liability of 2,471,000; (v) gain from change in fair value of earnout liability of 5,571,000; and (vi) gain from change in fair value of convertible note of 370,000. The net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023 included noncash expenses of 687,000. The following table sets forth key components of our results of operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. (dollars in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Variance Net revenues 19,844 8,093 11,751 145.2 Cost of net revenues 10,556 4,013 (6,543 -163.0 Gross profit 9,288 4,080 5,208 127.6 Research and development expenses 2,472 2,028 (444 -21.9 Selling, general and administrative expenses 8,830 8,068 (762 -9.4 Total operating expenses 11,302 10,096 (1,206 -11.9 Operating loss (2,014 (6,016 4,002 66.5 Other income (expense): Loss from change in fair value of earnout liability (1,096 - (1,096 -100.0 Loss from change in fair value of warrant liability (2,834 - (2,834 -100.0 Loss from change in fair value of convertible debt (142 (401 259 -64.6 Loss on note conversion (593 - (593 -100.0 Interest expense, net (587 (58 (529 -912.1 Other (expense) (23 (7 (16 -228.6 Total other income (expense), net (5,275 (466 (4,809 -1032.0 Loss before income taxes (7,289 (6,482 (807 -12.4 Provision for income taxes - - - - Net (loss) (7,289 (6,482 (807 -12.4 Net Revenues Net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 11,751,000 to 19,844,000 as compared to 8,093,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of increased product sales. We received purchase orders from various federal government agency customers totaling over 16 million from which we shipped in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 34 Table of Contents Cost of Net Revenues Cost of net revenues primarily consists of product costs and post customer support. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cost of sales increased 6,543,000 to 10,556,000 as compared to 4,013,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to higher product sales and product mix with increased equipment purchases during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 444,000 to 2,472,000 as compared to 2,028,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to increased expenses for product development. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 762,000 to 8,830,000 as compared to 8,068,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to (i) increased insurance costs of 574,000; (ii) increased professional fees of 1,712,000, primarily related to the merger and the Nasdaq listing; (iii) increased other operating expenses of 4,000; and offset by (iv) decreased stock based compensation of 1,527,000. The stock based compensation during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included warrants to purchase common stock issued on May 8, 2023 for 765,000 shares to each of the two founders valued at 2,136,000. Other Expense Other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 5,275,000 as compared to other expense of 466,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted of (i) loss from change in fair value of earnout liability of 1,096,000; (ii) loss from change in fair value of warrant liability of 2,834,000; (iii) loss from change in fair value of convertible debt of 142,000; (iv) loss on note conversion of 593,000; (v) interest expense of 587,000: and (vi) other expense of 23,000. The loss from change in fair value of various financial instruments was primarily the result of an increase in the stock price. The other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to (i) the loss in change of the fair value of the convertible note of 401,000; (ii) interest expense of 58,000; and (iii) other expense of 7,000. Net Loss Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 7,289,000 as compared to a net loss of 6,482,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net loss primarily related to noncash items of 6,649,000. Noncash items included (i) depreciation of 2,000; (ii) stock based compensation of 1,088,000; (iii) net amortization of operating lease right of use asset of 175,000; (iv) issuance of common stock for services of 198,000; (v) noncash interest expense of 521,000; (vi) loss from change in fair value of warrant liability of 2,834,000; (vii) loss from change in fair value of earnout liability of 1,096,000; (viii) loss from change in fair value of convertible note of 142,000; and (ix) loss on note conversions of 593,000. The net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included noncash expenses of 3,462,000 of which stock-based compensation was 2,616,000. Liquidity and Capital Resources as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable and accounts payable and capital expenditures. We have incurred losses from operations in the past few years and had an accumulated deficit of 24.8 million as of September 30, 2024. As disclosed in Note 1, we closed an 8 million public offering with approximately 7.3 million in net proceeds. In November 2024, we analyzed our cash requirements and operations at least through November 2025 and determined that, based upon our current available cash and operations, we have no substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our assessment of the period of time through which its financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement and involves risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could vary as a result of its near and long-term future capital requirements that will depend on many factors. Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 4,398,000. This amount was primarily related to (i) net loss of 7,289,000; and (ii) net working capital reductions of 3,758,000 (including a 2,059,000 reduction in deferred revenues); offset by (iii) noncash items of 6,649,000. Noncash items included (iv) depreciation of 2,000; (v) stock based compensation of 1,088,000; (vi) net amortization of operating lease right of use asset of 175,000; (vii) issuance of common stock for services of 198,000; (viii) noncash interest expense of 521,000; (ix) loss from change in warrant liability of 2,834,000; (x) loss from change in earnout liability of 1,096,000; (xi) loss from change in fair value of convertible note of 142,000; and (xii) loss on note conversions of 593,000. 35 Table of Contents Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 2,524,000. This amount was primarily related to (i) a net loss of 6,482,000; offset by (ii) depreciation of 11,000; (iii) stock based compensation of 2,616,000; (iv) net amortization of operating lease right of use asset of 513,000; (v) accelerated amortization of ROU asset of 265,000; (vi) gain from lease termination of 344,000; (vii) unrealized loss for increase in fair value of convertible promissory note of 401,000; and (viii) working capital changes of 496,000. Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 7,780,000 and consisted of (i) proceeds from offering of 7,290,000; (ii) proceeds from exercise of warrants of 294,000; and (iii) proceeds from stock option exercises of 196,000. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 2,710,000 and consisted of (i) issuance of a senior secured convertible promissory note of 1,985,000; (ii) net advances provided by the founders of 1,150,000; and offset by (iii) the payoff of small business loan and line of credit of 425,000. Debt Financing Arrangements On June 22, 2023, we entered into a senior secured convertible promissory note with Platinum Capital Partners Inc. and received 2,000,000. On February 2, 2024, we issued an amended and restated senior secured convertible promissory note to Platinum in the principal amount of 2,000,000. Interest accrued on the Platinum convertible note at the rate of 6 per annum calculated on the basis of 360 days. At the option of Platinum, the 2,000,000 principal amount of the note plus any accrued but unpaid interest is convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price per share equal to the lower of (i) 3.69717, subject to appropriate adjustment as provided in the note, and (ii) 65 of the VWAP of the common stock for the five trading days immediately prior to any conversion, but in no event below 2.27518, subject to appropriate adjustment as provided in the note. The note contains weighted average anti-dilution protection for issuances of shares of common stock or common stock equivalents at a price less than the conversion price then in effect. In connection with the issuance of the Platinum convertible note, we issued to Platinum an amended and restated common stock purchase warrant dated February 2, 2024, to purchase 189,334 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price per share of 3.69717. On March 18, 2024, Platinum exercised the Platinum warrant and received 137,367 shares of common stock. Platinum forfeited 51,967 shares. On June 22, 2024, we entered into an extension agreement related to the Platinum convertible note. The extension agreement extended the due date of the note to June 22, 2025. In consideration for entering into the extension agreement, we issued to Platinum 232,360 shares of restricted common stock in payment of all interest and extension fees through June 22, 2025. Subject to the terms and conditions of such extension agreement, for a period commencing on December 22, 2024 and ending at the close of business on December 22, 2025, Platinum has a one-time put right to have us purchase all or a portion of Platinum s 232,360 restricted shares at 2.27518 per share. We granted piggyback registration rights to Platinum. The obligations under the Platinum convertible note are secured by a blanket lien on all our assets pursuant to an Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated February 2, 2024 and are guaranteed pursuant to an Amended and Restated Guaranty dated February 2, 2024. We also concurrently entered into an Amended and Restated Subordination Agreement. 36 Table of Contents Contractual Obligations and Commitments Less Than Contractual Cash Obligations Total 1 Year 1-3 Years 4-5 Years Operating lease cash payments 1,138,331 359,746 746,252 32,333 On July 13, 2023, we entered into a lease in Redmond, WA for 15,567 square feet of office and warehouse space which started October 1, 2023. The monthly payment is 25,000 per month. The lease expires October 31, 2027 and the monthly payment increases 3 on July 31, 2024 and each year thereafter. There is a one three year option to extend the lease based on the fair market rate on October 31, 2027, which we expect to exercise. On February 29, 2024, we extended an office lease in Moorestown, North Carolina. We lease 3,621 square feet and the net monthly payment is 6,488. On August 27, 2024, we extended the lease to February 28, 2025. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements (as that term is defined in Item 303 of Regulation S-K) that are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates due to risks and uncertainties, including uncertainty in the current economic environment. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual results, our future consolidated financial statements will be affected. We believe that the significant accounting policies described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our audited consolidated financial statements are accurate and complete. The critical accounting estimates and policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 have not materially changed to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures also include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level. b) Inherent Limitations on Internal controls Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their cost. c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no other changes in our internal controls over financial reporting, which were identified in connection with our management s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to have a material effect on our internal control over financial reporting. 37 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. From time to time, we may become involved in actions, claims, litigation, and other legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of its business from time to time, including assertions by third parties relating to intellectual property infringement, contract or warranty breaches, or employment-related matters. We are not currently a party to any actions, claims, suits, or other legal procedures whose conclusion, if not determined in our favor, would have a major adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, either individually or in the aggregate. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. Our market risks are similar to those disclosed under the caption Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and our other filings with the SEC. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had the following sales of unregistered equity securities: We issued an aggregate of 49,197 shares of common stock upon the exercise of stock options at an exercise price of 1.64 per share. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2). During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we issued 219,763 shares of common stock related to the conversion of the Platinum convertible note. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2). On September 13, 2024, we issued an additional 86,198 shares of common stock related to the conversion of notes at 2.65 per share. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. None. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. None. 38 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. Exhibit No. Description 4.1 Warrant Agency Agreement, dated September 3, 2024, between the Company and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 4, 2024). 4.2 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 4, 2024). 4.3 Placement Agent Warrant, dated September 3, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 4, 2024). 10.1 Placement Agency Agreement dated August 29, 2024, between the Company and Roth Capital Partners, LLC and The Benchmark Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 4, 2024). 10.2 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 29, 2024, between the Company and the purchaser party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 4, 2024). 10.3 Form of Lock-up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281333), filed with the SEC on August 22, 2024). 10.4 Master Loan Agreement dated September 27, 2024 by and between Airship AI Holdings, Inc. and Victor Huang (attached herewith) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because iXBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 The Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL (included within the Exhibit 101 attachments). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 airsp_ex104.htm
 MASTER LOAN AGREEMENT DATED SEPTEMBER 27, 2024 BY AND BETWEEN AIRSHIP AI HOLDINGS, INC. AND VICTOR HUANG
 
 airsp_ex104.htm EXHIBIT 10.4 MASTER LOAN AGREEMENT This Master Loan Agreement Agreement is entered into between Airship Kirkland LP Lender ), and Airship AI Holdings, Inc. Airship ), effective as of September 27, 2024 (the Effective Date ). Lender and Airship shall each be referred to as a Party and together as the Parties. RECITALS: WHEREAS, Airship wishes to obtain a loan for working capital from Lender; and WHEREAS, Lender wishes to offer a loan to Airship, and Airship wishes to receive the loan in exchange for equity consideration from Airship, all pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. AGREEMENT: 1. Definitions . When used in capitalized form, the words listed below shall have the meanings ascribed to them in this Section 1: 1.1 Loan refers collectively to all loan advances made by Lender to Airship pursuant to this Agreement. 1.2 Principal means the principal amount under the Loan, which is a maximum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand 1,500,000). 1.3 Promissory Note means a promissory note(s) documenting the Loan or each Loan and executed by Airship contemporaneously with the Loan. The Promissory Note for the Loan is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A which is incorporated herein by this reference. 2. General terms . 2.1 Loan . By and subject to the terms of this Agreement, Lender will make the Loan to Airship, said Loan to be evidenced by a Promissory Note of even date. Amounts disbursed to or on behalf of Airship pursuant to the Promissory Note shall be used as working capital. 2.2 Promissory Note . In order to evidence its debt hereunder, Airship agrees to execute and deliver the Promissory Note to Lender. 2.3 No Obligation by Lender to Advance Funds . Under no circumstances whatsoever shall Lender be obligated to make any advances pursuant to this Master Loan Agreement. All advances that may be made pursuant to this Master Loan Agreement shall be made under the full and absolute discretion of Lender. Loan Agreement Page 1 3. Purpose . The Loan is a business loan transaction for the purpose of carrying on the business of Airship (i.e., for working capital), and Airship shall not utilize any of the proceeds of the Loan for the personal, family, agricultural or other purposes of Airship or its members or managers. 4. Loan Disbursement Schedule . In its full discretion, Lender will disburse the Loan amounts upon execution and delivery of the Promissory Note by Airship. 5. Interest; Repayment and Prepayment . 5.1 Interest . The Loan shall bear interest at 6 as set forth in the Promissory Note on the Principal. Payment of said interest shall be due as set forth in the Promissory Note and in accordance with the terms stated therein. 5.2 Repayment . The Principal amount of the Loan, along with any interest thereon shall be due and payable to Lender as of the earlier of (a) the date(s) set forth in the Promissory Note; or (b) Lender s demand for full and immediate payment of the entire unpaid principal Loan amount together with any accrued interest. Airship agrees that Lender shall have the right, at its option, to declare the entire balance of the unpaid Principal of the Loan, together with any unpaid interest, to be immediately due and payable in accordance with the terms set forth in the Promissory Note. 5.3 Prepayment . Airship shall have the right to prepay all or any part of the foregoing amounts at any time without penalty. 6. Term . This Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until completion of Airship s obligations hereunder. 7. Default . 7.1 Event of Default . Airship shall be in default of this Agreement (an Event of Default upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) Airship fails to make the full amount of any payment due under the Promissory Note later than its due date; (b) Airship fails to pay the entire balance of the unpaid Principal of the Loan, together with any unpaid interest, upon Lender s demand for full and immediate payment of the same; (c) Airship makes or authorizes any distributions to any of its members other than a reasonable compensation (as approved by Lender) to an employee who is also a member; (d) Airship becomes insolvent (i.e., its assets exceed its liabilities) or files a petition in bankruptcy court, or in the event a petition is filed against Airship. (e) Airship breaches any provision of this Agreement (including but not limited to any representations or warranties) or any other agreement between Airship and Lender. Loan Agreement Page 2 7.2 Remedies on Default . Upon an Event of Default, Lender may, at its option, declare Airship to be in default, and declare the unpaid Loan amount (along with any interest) to be due and owing in full. Airship waives any remedies or right to cure that may be provided by law, statute or regulation. 8. Representations and Warranties . As a material inducement to Lender s entry into this Agreement, Airship makes to Lender as of the Effective Date and throughout the Term, the following representations and warranties: (a) Authority/Enforceability . Airship is in compliance with all laws and regulations applicable to its organization, existence and transaction of business and has all necessary rights and powers to engage in the transactions contemplated by the Agreement. (b) Binding Obligations . Airship is authorized to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Agreement and such obligations are and shall continue to be valid and binding obligations of Airship. (c) Compliance with Laws . Airship has, and at all applicable times shall have obtained, all permits, licenses, exemptions, and approvals necessary to engage in the Agreement, and shall maintain substantial compliance with all governmental requirements applicable to its business, including but not limited to all applicable statutes, laws, regulations and ordinances. 9. Indemnification . Airship hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Lender, and its employees, agents, successors and assigns from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, claims, actions, judgments, court costs and legal or other expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and expenses) which Lender may incur relating to this Agreement and Airship s actions with respect thereto. 10. Miscellaneous. 10.1 No Partnership or Joint Venture . This Agreement does not create, and will not be interpreted or construed as creating or evidencing, any partnership, franchise, or agency between the Parties or as imposing any partnership, franchise or agency obligation or liability upon either Party, and under no circumstances shall Airship look to Lender as its employer, nor as a partner, agent, or principal. The Parties are at arm s length, with the sole relationship arising out of this Agreement being that of Airship being a borrower and Lender the lender. 10.2 Notices . Any notice required or authorized to be given pursuant to the terms hereof shall be sufficiently given (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed facsimile or other electronic means, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. Loan Agreement Page 3 10.3 Attorneys' Fees . Airship shall be liable to Lender (and shall reimburse Lender) for all costs, expenses and fees incurred by Lender in any suit, action, proceeding, bankruptcy case, or bankruptcy adversary proceeding, or appeal, with or without suit, in connection with enforcing Lender s rights under this Agreement, including, without limitation: (a) attorneys' fees and costs incurred by Lender in advance of suit, action, proceeding, bankruptcy case, or bankruptcy adversary proceeding incurred to analyze or prepare Lender s claims against Airship, (b) attorneys' fees and costs in connection with any default by Airship relating to the Promissory Note or determination of any rights or remedies of Lender; and (c) attorneys' fees and costs for any actions, proceedings, reviews or appeals therefrom which Lender may institute or in which Lender may appeal or participate. 10.4 Assignment/Delegation . Airship shall not assign any of its rights, nor delegate any obligations, hereunder. Any purported assignment of rights or delegation of duties by Airship shall be null and void and of no force or effect. 10.5 No Third Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is not intended to and shall not be construed to provide any rights, remedies or benefits to or for any person or entity not a Party to this Agreement, including, but not limited to, clients or customers of Airship. 10.6 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, unenforceable or void, the remainder of the Agreement shall not be affected thereby and shall continue in full force and effect. 10.7 Full Integration; Amendments in Writing . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Airship and Lender relating to the matters set forth herein. No prior or contemporaneous written, oral, and electronic representation, negotiation, or agreement form a part of this Agreement, and this Agreement supersedes all prior written, oral, or electronic agreements between Airship and Lender relating to this Agreement. No amendment, modification, or supplement to this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of both Parties. 10.8 Counterparts . The Parties may execute this Agreement in two or more counterparts, electronically or by facsimile, which shall, in the aggregate, be signed by each party. Each counterpart shall be deemed an original instrument as against any party who has signed it. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties agree to the above terms as of the Effective Date: Airship Kirkland LP Airship AI Holdings, Inc. /s/ Victor Huang /s/ Derek Xu By: Victor Huang By: Derek Xu Its: General Partner Its: COO Loan Agreement Page 4 EXHIBIT A FORM OF PROMISSORY NOTE FOR MULTIPLE ADVANCES Loan Agreement Page 5 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 airsp_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 airsp_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Victor Huang, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Airship AI Holdings, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Victor Huang Victor Huang Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 airsp_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 airsp_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Mark E. Scott, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Airship AI Holdings, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Mark E. Scott Mark E. Scott Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 airsp_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 airsp_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with Quarterly Report of Airship AI Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Victor Huang, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Victor Huang Victor Huang Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Airship AI Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by Airship AI Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The forgoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 airsp_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 airsp_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with Quarterly Report of Airship AI Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Mark E. Scott, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Mark E. Scott Mark E. Scott Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Airship AI Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by Airship AI Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The forgoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 airsp-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 airsp-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 airsp-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 airsp-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

