<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1655210_0001655210-24-000263.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8960141</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>249269</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1630269</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3128655</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1975517</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1783348</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001655210-24-000263.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107071153
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001655210-24-000263
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEYOND MEAT, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001655210
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				264087597
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38879
		FILM NUMBER:		241433133

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		888 N. DOUGLAS STREET, SUITE 100
		CITY:			EL SEGUNDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90245
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-756-4112

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		888 N. DOUGLAS STREET, SUITE 100
		CITY:			EL SEGUNDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90245

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Savage River, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151008

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001655210-24-000263.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 bynd-20240928.htm
 10-Q BYND Q3 2024

bynd-20240928 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address, including zip code, of principal executive offices) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 5, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited): 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 57 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 59 
 Part II. Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 60 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 60 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 67 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 67 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 67 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 67 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 68 
 Signatures 
 69 

i 

Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that involve risks and uncertainties concerning the business, products and financial results of Beyond Meat, Inc. (including its subsidiaries unless the context otherwise requires, Beyond Meat, we, us, our or the Company ). We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current opinions, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions and projections about future events and financial trends affecting the operating results and financial condition of our business. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are made and/or management s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to: 
 the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our liquidity needs, including estimates of our expenses, future revenues, capital expenditures, capital requirements and our ability to obtain additional equity or debt financing, including the terms of such financing (if at all), and to bolster and restructure our balance sheet; 
 the availability of our ATM Program (as defined below); 
 risks related to our significant debt, including our ability to repay our indebtedness, limitations on our cash flow from operations and our ability to satisfy our obligations under the convertible senior notes; our ability to refinance the convertible senior notes; our ability to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the convertible senior notes for cash, under certain circumstances, or to pay any cash amounts due upon conversion; the significant dilution to existing stockholders that will result if we exchange any portion of our outstanding Notes (as defined below) for equity; provisions in the indenture governing the convertible senior notes delaying or preventing an otherwise beneficial takeover of us; and any adverse impact on our reported financial condition and results from the accounting methods for the convertible senior notes; 
 a continued decrease in demand, and the underlying factors negatively impacting demand, in the plant-based meat category; 
 risks and uncertainties related to certain cost-reduction initiatives, cost structure improvements, workforce reductions and executive leadership changes, and the timing and success of reducing operating expenses and achieving certain financial goals and cash flow positive objectives; 
 the timing and success of narrowing our commercial focus to certain anticipated growth opportunities; accelerating activities that prioritize gross margin expansion and cash generation, including as part of our review of our global operations initiated in November 2023 Global Operations Review changes to our pricing architecture within certain channels including price increases of certain of our products in our U.S. retail and foodservice channels; and accelerated, cash-accretive inventory reduction initiatives; 
 our ability to successfully execute our Global Operations Review, including the exit or discontinuation of select product lines such as Beyond Meat Jerky; the impact of non-cash charges such as provision for excess and obsolete inventory and potential impairment charges, accelerated depreciation on write-offs and disposals of fixed assets, and losses on sale and write-down of fixed assets; further optimization of our manufacturing capacity and real estate footprint; reductions in our workforce; and the continued review of our operations in China, which may include scaling back or discontinuing some or all of our operations in China; 
 matters relating to our El Segundo Campus and Innovation Center Campus Headquarters including, without limitation, the ability to meet our obligations under our Campus Headquarters lease Campus Lease ), the timing of occupancy and completion of the build-out of our remaining space, any cost overruns or delays, the unavailability of the tenant improvement allowance to pay for the build-out of our remaining space, the impact of workforce reductions or other cost-reduction initiatives on our space demands, and the timing and success of subleasing, assigning or otherwise transferring 
 ii 

excess space or negotiating a partial lease termination at our Campus Headquarters on terms advantageous to us or at all, including any potential impairment charges that may result; 
 our ability to meet our obligations under leases for our corporate offices, manufacturing facilities and warehouses, or risks related to excess space capacity under our leases due to workforce reductions or other cost-reduction initiatives; 
 reduced consumer confidence and changes in consumer spending, including spending to purchase our products, and negative trends in consumer purchasing patterns due to levels of consumers disposable income, credit availability and debt levels, and economic conditions, including due to recessionary and inflationary pressures; 
 our inability to properly manage and ultimately sell our inventory in a timely manner, which has in the past and could in the future require us to sell our products through liquidation channels at lower prices, write-down or write-off obsolete inventory, or increase inventory provision; 
 any future impairment charges, including due to any future changes in estimates, judgments or assumptions, failure to achieve forecasted operating results, weakness in the economic environment, changes in market conditions, declines in our market capitalization, failure to sublease, assign or otherwise transfer excess space or negotiate a partial lease termination at our Campus Headquarters on terms advantageous to us or at all, and our continued review of our operations in China, which may include scaling back or discontinuing some or all of our operations in China; 
 our ability to accurately predict consumer taste preferences, trends and demand and successfully innovate, introduce and commercialize new products and improve existing products such as our Beyond IV platform and our Beyond Sun Sausage line, including in new geographic markets; 
 the effects of competitive activity from our market competitors and new market entrants; 
 our ability to protect our brand against misinformation about our products and the plant-based meat category, real or perceived quality or health issues with our products, marketing campaigns aimed at generating negative publicity regarding our products and the plant-based meat category, including regarding the nutritional value of our products, and other issues that could adversely affect our brand and reputation; 
 the impact of inflation and higher interest rates across the economy and on consumer behavior, including higher food, grocery, raw materials, transportation, energy, labor and fuel costs; 
 the impact of adverse and uncertain economic and political conditions in the U.S. and international markets, including concerns about the likelihood of an economic recession, downturn or periods of high inflation, and the 2024 U.S. presidential election; 
 disruption to, and the impact of uncertainty in, our domestic and international supply chain, including labor shortages and disruption, shipping delays and disruption, and the impact of cyber incidents at suppliers and vendors; 
 our ability to streamline operations and improve cost efficiencies, which could result in the contraction of our business and the implementation of significant cost cutting measures such as further downsizing and exiting certain operations, including product lines, domestically and/or abroad; 
 the impact of uncertainty as a result of doing business in China and Europe, including our continued review of our operations in China, which may include scaling back or discontinuing some or all of our operations in China; 
 the volatility of or inability to access the capital markets, including due to macroeconomic factors, geopolitical tensions or the outbreak of hostilities or war for example, the war in Ukraine and the conflict in Israel, Gaza and surrounding areas; 
 changes in the retail landscape, including our ability to maintain and expand our distribution footprint, the timing, success and level of trade and promotion discounts, our ability to maintain and grow market share and increase household penetration, repeat purchases, buying rates (amount spent per buyer) and purchase frequency, our ability to maintain and increase sales velocity of our products, and the timing and success of the Beyond IV and Beyond Sun Sausage product launches; 
 changes in the foodservice landscape, including the timing, success and level of marketing and other financial incentives to assist in the promotion of our products, our ability to maintain and grow market 
 iii 

share and attract and retain new foodservice customers or retain existing foodservice customers, and our ability to introduce and sustain offering of our products on menus; 
 the timing and success of distribution expansion and new product introductions, including the timing and success of the Beyond IV and Beyond Sun Sausage product launches, in increasing revenues and market share; 
 our ability to differentiate and continuously create innovative products, respond to competitive innovation and achieve speed-to-market, including the timing and success of the Beyond IV and Beyond Sun Sausage product launches; 
 the timing and success of strategic Quick Service Restaurant QSR partnership launches and limited time offerings resulting in permanent menu items; 
 the outcomes of legal or administrative proceedings, or new legal or administrative proceedings filed against us; 
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 our ability to identify and execute cost-down initiatives intended to improve our profitability; 
 the effectiveness of our business systems and processes; 
 our estimates of the size of our market opportunities and ability to accurately forecast market growth; 
 our ability to effectively optimize our manufacturing and production capacity, and real estate footprint, including consolidating manufacturing facilities and production lines, exiting co-manufacturing arrangements and effectively managing capacity for specific products with shifts in demand; 
 risks associated with underutilization of capacity which have in the past and could in the future give rise to increased costs per unit, underutilization fees, termination fees and other costs to exit certain supply chain arrangements and product lines, and/or the write-down or write-off of certain equipment and other fixed assets; 
 our ability to accurately forecast our future results of operations and financial goals or targets, including as a result of fluctuations in demand for our products and in the plant-based meat category generally and increased competition; 
 our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory, including the impact of customer orders ahead of holidays and shelf reset activities, customer and distributor changes and buying patterns, such as reductions in targeted inventory levels, and supply chain and labor disruptions, including due to the impact of cyber incidents at suppliers and vendors; 
 our operational effectiveness and ability to fulfill orders in full and on time; 
 variations in product selling prices and costs, the timing and success of changes to our pricing architecture within certain channels including the price increases of certain of our products in our U.S. retail and foodservice channels, and the mix of products sold; 
 our ability to successfully enter new geographic markets, manage our international business and comply with any applicable laws and regulations, including risks associated with doing business in foreign countries, substantial investments in our manufacturing operations in China and the Netherlands, and our ability to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA or other anti-corruption laws; 
 the effects of global outbreaks of pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), epidemics or other public health crises, or fear of such crises; 
 the success of our marketing initiatives and the ability to maintain and grow our brand awareness, maintain, protect and enhance our brand, attract and retain new customers and maintain and grow our market share, particularly while we are seeking to reduce our operating expenses; 
 our ability to attract, maintain and effectively expand our relationships with key strategic foodservice partners; 
 our ability to attract and retain our suppliers, distributors, co-manufacturers and customers; 
 our ability to procure sufficient high-quality raw materials at competitive prices to manufacture our products; 
 the availability of pea and other proteins and avocado oil that meet our standards; 
 iv 

our ability to diversify the protein sources used for our products; 
 our ability to successfully execute our strategic initiatives; 
 the volatility associated with ingredient, packaging, transportation and other input costs; 
 our ability to keep pace with technological changes impacting the development of our products and implementation of our business needs; 
 significant disruption in, or breach in security of our or our suppliers or vendors information technology systems, including any inability to detect or timely report any cybersecurity incidents, and resultant interruptions in service and any related impact on our reputation, including data privacy, and any potential impact on our supply chain, including on customer demand, order fulfillment and lost sales, and the resulting timing and/or amount of net revenues recognized; 
 the ability of our transportation providers to ship and deliver our products in a timely and cost effective manner; 
 senior management and key personnel changes, the attraction, training and retention of qualified employees and key personnel, and our ability to maintain our company culture; 
 the effects of organizational changes including reductions-in-force and realignment of reporting structures; 
 the success of operations conducted by joint ventures where we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may not have the same goals, strategies or priorities as we do and where we do not receive all of the financial benefit; 
 the impact of the discontinuation of the Beyond Meat Jerky product line; 
 risks related to use of a professional employer organization to administer human resources, payroll and employee benefits functions for certain of our international employees, and use of certain third party service providers for the performance of several business operations including payroll and human capital management services; 
 the impact of potential workplace hazards; 
 the effects of natural or man-made catastrophic or severe weather events, including events brought on by climate change, particularly involving our or any of our co-manufacturers manufacturing facilities, our suppliers facilities or any other vital aspects of our supply chain; 
 the effectiveness of our internal controls; 
 accounting estimates based on judgment and assumptions that may differ from actual results; 
 changes in laws and government regulation affecting our business, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC governmental regulation, and state, local and foreign regulation; 
 new or pending legislation, or changes in laws, regulations or policies of governmental agencies or regulators, both in the U.S. and abroad, affecting plant-based meat, the labeling or naming of our products, or our brand name or logo; 
 the failure of acquisitions and other investments to be efficiently integrated and produce the results we anticipate; 
 risks inherent in investment in real estate; 
 adverse developments affecting the financial services industry; 
 the financial condition of, and our relationships with our suppliers, co-manufacturers, distributors, retailers, and foodservice customers, and their future decisions regarding their relationships with us; 
 our ability and the ability of our suppliers and co-manufacturers to comply with food safety, environmental or other laws or regulations and the impact of any non-compliance on our operations, brand reputation and ability to fulfill orders in full and on time; 
 seasonality, including increased levels of grilling activity and higher levels of purchasing by customers ahead of holidays, customer shelf reset activity and the timing of product restocking by our retail customers; 
 v 

the impact of increased scrutiny from a variety of stakeholders, institutional investors and governmental bodies on environmental, social and governance ESG practices, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence and disclosure on ESG matters; 
 our, our suppliers and our co-manufacturers ability to protect our proprietary technology, intellectual property and trade secrets adequately; 
 the impact of tariffs and trade wars; 
 the impact of changes in tax laws; and 
 the risks discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 1, 2024 (the 2023 10-K ), Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors, included herein, and those discussed in other documents we file from time to time with the SEC. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, should, expects, might, plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, seek, would or continue, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. 
 This report also contains estimates and other statistical data obtained from independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other data about our industry and ultimate consumers. The number of retail and foodservice outlets where Beyond Meat branded products are available was derived from rolling 52- week data as of September 2024 and excludes retail outlets unique to Beyond Meat Jerky. This data involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates and data. In 2023, as part of our Global Operations Review, we made the decision to discontinue the Beyond Meat Jerky product line. 
 All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth above. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements because of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise, except to the extent required by applicable laws. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 
 Beyond Meat, Beyond Burger, Beyond Beef, Beyond Sausage, Beyond Breakfast Sausage, Beyond Meatballs, Beyond Chicken, Beyond Popcorn Chicken, Beyond Steak, Beyond Sun Sausage, the Caped Steer Logo and Eat What You Love are registered or pending trademarks of Beyond Meat, Inc. in the United States and, in some cases, in certain other countries. All other brand names or trademarks appearing in this report are the property of their respective holders. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names contained herein are referred to without the and symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. 
 
 vi 

Part I. Financial Information 
 
 ITEM I. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share and per share data) (unaudited) September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, current Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Restricted cash, non-current Property, plant, and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Prepaid lease costs, non-current Other non-current assets, net Investment in unconsolidated joint venture Total assets Liabilities and stockholders deficit: Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued bonus Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accrued litigation settlement costs Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Convertible senior notes, net Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Finance lease obligations and other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities (continued on the next page) 

1 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share and per share data) (unaudited) September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commitments and Contingencies Note 9 
 per share shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value per share shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net revenues Cost of goods sold Gross profit (loss) ) Research and development expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Restructuring expenses ) ) Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net: Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other, net Total other income (expense), net ) Loss before taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Equity in losses of unconsolidated joint venture Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share available to common stockholders basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation (loss) gain, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans, net ) ) Share-based compensation for equity classified awards Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at April 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans, net ) ) Share-based compensation for equity classified awards Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance at July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans, net ) ) Share-based compensation for equity classified awards Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) (continued on the next page) 

5 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit (continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 (unaudited) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans, net ) ) Share-based compensation for equity classified awards Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at March 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans, net ) ) Share-based compensation for equity classified awards Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at June 29, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans, net ) ) Share-based compensation for equity classified awards Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) (unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash lease expense Share-based compensation expense Provision for doubtful accounts Loss on sale of fixed assets Amortization of debt issuance costs Equity in losses of unconsolidated joint venture Write-off of note receivable Unrealized (gain) loss on foreign currency transactions ) Net change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Prepaid lease costs, non-current ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Payments for investment in joint venture ) Return of security deposits Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Principal payments under finance lease obligations ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payments of minimum withholding taxes on net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the period (continued on the next page) 

7 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) (unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: 
 Non-cash additions to property, plant and equipment 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 
 Reclassification of pre-paid lease costs to operating lease right-of-use assets Non-cash additions to financing leases (concluded) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1. 
 growing global issues: human health, climate change, constraints on natural resources and animal welfare. 
 of the Company s assets were located in the United States. 
 
 Note 2. 

9 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 
 million and million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains (losses) included in Other, net were million and ) million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Foreign currency translation (loss) gain, net of tax, reported as cumulative translation adjustment through Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax was ) million and million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains (losses) included in Other, net were million and ) million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 There were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities into or out of Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 The Company had million in restricted cash as of September 28, 2024, which was comprised of million to secure the letter of credit delivered to the landlord as security for the performance of its obligations under the Campus Lease, recorded in Restricted cash, non-current (see Note 9 ), and million to secure a letter of credit associated with a third party contract manufacturer in Europe, recorded in Restricted cash, current in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet. In the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the letter of credit associated with the third party contract manufacturer was renegotiated and reduced from million at December 31, 2023 to million at September 28, 2024. 
 million and 

10 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The offsetting charge is recorded as a reduction of revenues in the same period when the expense is incurred. 
 Presentation of Net Revenues by Channel 
 Foodservice U.S. net revenues International: Retail Foodservice International net revenues Net revenues 
 Two distributors accounted for approximately and , respectively, of the Company s gross revenues in the three months ended September 28, 2024; and one distributor accounted for approximately of the Company s gross revenues in the three months ended September 30, 2023. One distributor accounted for approximately of the Company s gross revenues in the nine months ended September 28, 2024; and one distributor accounted for approximately of the Company s gross revenues in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. No other customer or distributor accounted for more than 10 of the Company s gross revenues in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 See Note 11 . 
 Prepaid expenses are included under the caption Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets and were million and million as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

11 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Outbound shipping and handling costs included in SG A expenses in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were million and million, respectively. Outbound shipping and handling costs included in SG A expenses in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were million and million, respectively. 

12 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

13 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Note 3. 
 years and years, and often include or more options to renew. Some leases also include early termination options, which can be exercised under specific conditions. The Company includes options to extend the lease term if the options are reasonably certain of being exercised. The Company does not have residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants associated with its leases. 
 On January 14, 2021, the Company entered into a lease with renewal options Campus Lease to house its corporate headquarters, lab and innovation space Campus Headquarters in El Segundo, California. Although the Company is involved in the design of the tenant improvements of the Campus Headquarters, the Company does not have title or possession of the assets during construction. In addition, the Company does not have the ability to control the leased Campus Headquarters until each phase of the tenant improvements is complete. The Company paid million and million in rent prepayments and payments towards construction costs of the Campus Headquarters in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023, respectively. The rent prepayments and payments towards construction costs are initially recorded in Prepaid lease costs, non-current in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets and will ultimately be reclassified as a component of a right-of-use asset upon lease commencement for each phase of the lease. 
 In 2022, the tenant improvements associated with Phase 1-A were completed, and the underlying asset was delivered to the Company. As such, upon commencement of Phase 1-A, the Company recognized a million right-of-use asset, which included the reclassification of million of the construction payments previously included in Prepaid lease costs, non-current, and a million lease liability. Upon completion of the tenant improvements associated with Phase 1-A, the Company moved its innovation team from its former Manhattan Beach Innovation Center to the Campus Headquarters. In 2023, the tenant improvements associated with Phase 1-B were completed, and the underlying asset was delivered to the Company. As such, upon commencement of Phase 1-B, the Company recognized a million right-of-use asset, which included the reclassification of million of the construction payments previously included in Prepaid lease costs, non-current, and a million lease liability. Upon completion of the tenant improvements associated with Phase 1-B, the Company moved its headquarters, sales and marketing operations to the Campus Headquarters. 
 On September 17, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment to the Campus Lease, which amendment: (i) revised the square footage of the premises, building and project to: (a) increase the Company s base rent by approximately over the initial lease term; (b) adjust the Company s percentage share of direct expenses; and (c) increase the tenant improvement allowance to reflect a reduction in the scope of landlord s work; (ii) specify which improvements must be removed by the Company from the premises if the premises are not occupied in their entirety throughout the initial lease term and first extension term; and (iii) address other ministerial matters concerning the Campus Lease. Costs associated with this amendment are included in operating lease costs related to research and development expenses and SG A expenses and are reflected in the tables below. 
 The lease on the Company s Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center expired on January 31, 2024. Costs associated with this lease through its expiration date are included in operating lease costs related to research and development expenses and are reflected in the tables below. 

14 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

square foot property for an initial period of with an option to renew for an additional at an annual rent of approximately million. The lease is classified as a finance lease in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 28, 2024. Costs associated with this lease are included in finance lease costs related to cost of goods sold and are reflected in the tables below. 
 Lease cost Research and development expenses Lease cost Selling, general and administrative expenses Variable lease cost (1) 
 Cost of goods sold Variable lease cost (1) 
 Research and development expenses Variable lease cost (1) 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost: Short-term lease cost Cost of goods sold Short-term lease cost Research and development expenses Short-term lease cost Selling, general and administrative expenses Short-term lease cost Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of use assets Cost of goods sold Amortization of right-of use assets Research and development expenses Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Variable lease cost (1) 
 Cost of goods sold Finance lease cost Total lease cost 
 ____________ 
 (1) Variable lease cost primarily consists of common area maintenance, such as cleaning and repairs. 

15 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Lease cost Research and development expenses Lease cost Selling, general and administrative expenses Variable lease cost (1) 
 Cost of goods sold Variable lease cost (1) 
 Research and development expenses Variable lease cost (1) 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost: Short-term lease cost Cost of goods sold Short-term lease cost Research and development expenses Short-term lease cost Selling, general and administrative expenses Short-term lease cost Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of use assets Cost of goods sold Amortization of right-of use assets Research and development expenses Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Variable lease cost (1) 
 Cost of goods sold Variable lease cost (1) 
 Research and development expenses Finance lease cost Total lease cost 
 ____________ 
 (1) Variable lease cost primarily consists of common area maintenance, such as cleaning and repairs. 

16 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Finance leases, net Property, plant and equipment, net Total lease assets Liabilities Current: Operating lease liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Long-term: Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Finance lease liabilities Finance lease obligations and other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) Total discounted future minimum lease payments 
 Weighted average discount rate 

17 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 
 
 Note 4. 
 Work in process Finished goods Total 
 
 Note 5. 
 
 Research and development equipment Leasehold improvements Building Finance leases Software Furniture and fixtures Vehicles Land Assets not yet placed in service Total property, plant and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Of the total depreciation and amortization expense in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, million and million, respectively, were recorded in cost of goods sold, million and million, respectively, were recorded in research and development expenses, and million and million, respectively, were recorded in SG A expenses in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

18 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million and million, respectively. Of the total depreciation and amortization expense in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, million and million, respectively, were recorded in cost of goods sold, million and million, respectively, were recorded in research and development expenses, and million and million, respectively, were recorded in SG A expenses in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Company had million and million in property, plant and equipment concluded to meet the criteria for assets held for sale as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company recorded million in loss on sale of fixed assets in each of the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and recorded million and million in loss on sale of fixed assets in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Note 6. 
 Convertible senior notes 
 Debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt outstanding Less: current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 On March 5, 2021, the Company issued billion aggregate principal amount of its Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Convertible Notes in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On March 12, 2021, the initial purchasers of the Convertible Notes exercised their option to purchase an additional million aggregate principal amount of the Company s Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Additional Notes, and together with the Convertible Notes, the Notes ), and such Additional Notes were issued on March 16, 2021. 
 The total amount of debt issuance costs of million was recorded as a reduction to Convertible senior notes, net in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet and is being amortized as interest expense over the term of the Notes using the effective interest method. In each of the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million in interest expense related to the amortization of the debt issuance costs related to the Notes. The effective interest rate in both of the three month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was . In each of the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million in interest expense related to the amortization of the debt issuance costs related to the Notes. The effective interest rate in both of the nine month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was . 

19 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Convertible senior notes due on March 15, 2027 
 Level 2 
 The Notes are carried at face value less the unamortized debt issuance costs on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of September 28, 2024, the estimated fair value of the Notes was approximately million. The Notes are quoted on the Intercontinental Exchange and are classified as Level 2 financial instruments. The estimated fair value of the Notes was determined based on the actual bid price of the Notes on September 23, 2024, the last day of the period when the notes were traded. 
 As of September 28, 2024, the remaining life of the Notes was approximately years. 
 
 Note 7. 
 authorized shares of common stock, par value per share, of which shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, and authorized shares of preferred stock, par value per share, of which shares were issued and outstanding. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company s shares consisted of authorized shares of common stock, par value per share, of which shares were issued and outstanding, and authorized shares of preferred stock, par value per share, of which shares were issued and outstanding. 
 The Company has not declared or paid any dividends, or authorized or made any distribution upon or with respect to any class or series of its capital stock. 
 Common Stock 
 Shares available for grant under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (1) 
 Shares available for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan Shares reserved for potential issuance under the Notes Total common stock reserved for future issuance (1)(2) 
 _________________ 
 (1) Shares available for issuance under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan includes shares that may be issued pursuant to performance stock units if of the applicable performance target is achieved. 
 (2) Total common stock reserved for future issuance does not include shares that may be issued pursuant to the ATM Program discussed below. 

20 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million including up to million in shares of common stock that may be sold pursuant to the Company s equity distribution agreement (the Equity Distribution Agreement with Goldman Sachs Co. LLC Goldman Sachs ), as sales agent, under an at the market offering program (the ATM Program ). 
 million from time to time to or through Goldman Sachs, as the sales agent, subject to compliance with applicable laws and the applicable requirements of the Equity Distribution Agreement. The Equity Distribution Agreement also requires the Company to pay Goldman Sachs a commission equal to of the aggregate gross proceeds of any shares sold through Goldman Sachs pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement. The Company intends to use the net proceeds, if any, from sales of common stock issued under the ATM Program for general corporate and working capital purposes. The timing of any sales and the number of shares sold, if any, will depend on a variety of factors to be determined and considered by the Company. The Company is not obligated to sell any shares under the Equity Distribution Agreement. As of September 28, 2024, no sales had been made under the Equity Distribution Agreement and the ATM Program s full capacity remained available. 
 
 Note 8. 
 shares, which includes an increase of shares effective January 1, 2024 under the terms of the 2018 Plan. 
 Authorized Granted (1) 
 ) Shares withheld to cover taxes Forfeited Balance - September 28, 2024 __________ 
 (1) Includes shares reserved for issuance pursuant to performance stock units if of the applicable performance target is achieved. 
 As of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and shares, respectively, issuable under stock options outstanding, and shares, respectively, issuable under unvested RSUs outstanding, and shares, respectively, issuable under unvested 

21 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

shares reserved for issuance under unvested PSUs outstanding if of the applicable performance target is achieved, and shares, respectively, issued for stock option exercises, RSU settlement and restricted stock grants, and and shares, respectively, available for grant under the 2018 Plan. 
 Stock Options 
 N/A Average expected term (years) N/A Expected volatility N/A Dividend yield N/A N/A N/A N/A 
 Option grants in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 generally vest of the total award on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and thereafter ratably vesting monthly over the remaining period, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. 
 Granted Exercised ) Canceled/Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 28, 2024 Vested and exercisable at September 28, 2024 Vested and expected to vest at September 28, 2024 
 __________ 
 
 In the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded in aggregate million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to options. In the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded in aggregate million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to options. The share-based compensation expense is included in cost of goods sold, research and 

22 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million in unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock option awards which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 RSU grants to employees in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 generally vest of the total award on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and thereafter vest quarterly over the remaining of the award, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. Some of the RSU grants to continuing employees in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 vest of the total award on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and thereafter vest quarterly over the remaining four quarters of the award, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. Some of the RSU grants to continuing employees in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 vest quarterly over four quarters, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. 
 Annual RSU grants to directors on the Company s Board of Directors (the Board in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 vest monthly over a period subject to continued service through the vesting date. RSU grants to new directors on the Board in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 vest monthly over a period subject to continued service through the vesting date. RSU grants to non-employee consultants and ambassadors in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 vest on varying dates, subject to continued service through the vesting date. 
 Granted Vested (1) 
 ) Canceled/Forfeited ) Unvested at September 28, 2024 ________ 
 (1) Includes shares of common stock that were withheld to cover taxes on the release of vested RSUs and became available for future grants pursuant to the 2018 Plan. 
 In the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to RSUs. In the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to RSUs. The share-based compensation expense is included in cost of goods sold, research and development expenses and SG A expenses in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 As of September 28, 2024, there was million in unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

23 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million in PSUs with market-based and service-based vesting conditions to certain executive officers. The market vesting criteria is based on the Company s TSR results relative to a peer group. The peer group includes the constituents of the S P Food and Beverage Select Industry Index excluding companies in the S P 500 as of the beginning of the performance periods during a , and performance period beginning on January 1, 2024 and ending on December 31, 2024, December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2026, respectively. The market vesting condition allows for a range of vesting from to of the target amount, depending on the relative TSR achieved by the Company against the peer group. In addition to the market vesting condition, these PSUs are subject to the continued service of the executive officers through the last day of the applicable performance period. The fair values of PSUs are measured on the grant date using a Monte Carlo valuation model. Each of the performance periods is considered an individual tranche of the award referred to as Tranche 1, Tranche 2 and Tranche 3, respectively. 
 January 1, 2024 - December 31, 2024 Tranche 2 January 1, 2024 - December 31, 2025 Tranche 3 January 1, 2024 - December 31, 2026 
 Granted Vested Canceled/Forfeited Unvested at September 28, 2024 
 The total grant date fair value of the awards was determined to be million, with each tranche of the awards representing million of the total expense. The requisite service period for each tranche of the award is months, months and months, respectively. Share-based compensation expense related to PSUs is recognized on a straight-line basis over their requisite service periods, regardless of whether the market condition is ultimately satisfied. Share-based compensation expense is not reversed if the achievement of the market condition does not occur. 
 In the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to PSUs. The share-based compensation expense is included in SG A expenses in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. Prior to December 31, 2023, the Company had share-based compensation expense related to PSUs. 
 As of September 28, 2024, there was million in unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested PSUs which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of years. 

24 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

shares of common stock, including an increase of shares effective January 1, 2024 under the terms of the ESPP. The ESPP is expected to be implemented through a series of offerings under which participants are granted purchase rights to purchase shares of the Company s common stock on specified dates during such offerings. The administrator has not yet approved an offering under the ESPP. 
 
 Note 9. 
 rentable square feet in a portion of a building located at 888 N. Douglas Street, El Segundo, California, to be built out by the Landlord and delivered to the Company in multiple phases. In 2022 and in the second quarter of 2023, the tenant improvements associated with Phase 1-A and Phase 1-B, respectively, were completed and the underlying assets were delivered to the Company. Therefore, the Company began recognizing a right-of-use asset and lease liability for Phase 1-A in its condensed consolidated balance sheet in the year ended December 31, 2022 and for Phase 1-B in its condensed consolidated balance sheet in the second quarter ended July 1, 2023. See Note 3 . 
 On September 17, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment to the Campus Lease, which amendment: (i) revised the square footage of the premises, building and project to: (a) increase the Company s base rent by approximately over the initial lease term; (b) adjust the Company s percentage share of direct expenses; and (c) increase the tenant improvement allowance to reflect a reduction in the scope of landlord s work; (ii) specify which improvements must be removed by the Company from the premises if the premises are not occupied in their entirety throughout the initial lease term and first extension term; and (iii) address other ministerial matters concerning the Campus Lease. Aggregate payments towards base rent over the initial lease term associated with the remaining phases not yet delivered to the Company will be approximately million. 
 Concurrent with the Company s execution of the Campus Lease, the Company delivered to the Landlord a letter of credit in the amount of million as security for the performance of its obligations under the Campus Lease, which amount will decrease to: (i) million on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Rent Commencement Date (as defined in the Campus Lease); (ii) million on the eighth (8th) anniversary of the Rent Commencement Date; and (iii) in the event the Company receives certain credit ratings; provided the Company is not then in default of its obligations under the Campus Lease. The letter of credit is secured by a million deposit included in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets as Restricted cash, non-current as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Given the Company s intention to reduce its overall operating expenses and cash expenditures, on February 2, 2024, the Company terminated the agreement to purchase the Enschede Property and the security deposit was returned to the Company, which was subsequently paid to the purchaser of the property to be applied towards the deposit and future lease payments. The Company entered into a lease agreement with the purchaser of the property to lease the approximately square foot property for an initial period of with an option to renew for an additional at an annual rent of approximately million. See Note 3 . 

25 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

phases of development, and the Company has agreed to guarantee certain repayment obligations of BYND JX under such agreement. In the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, BYND JX received and million, respectively, in subsidies from the JXEDZ Finance Bureau. such subsidies were received in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During Phase 1, the Company agreed to invest million as the registered capital of BYND JX in the JXEDZ through intercompany investment in BYND JX and BYND JX agreed to lease a facility in the JXEDZ for a minimum of . In connection with such agreement, BYND JX entered into a factory leasing contract with a JXEDZ company, pursuant to which BYND JX agreed to lease and renovate a facility in the JXEDZ and lease it for a minimum of . In the year ended December 31, 2022, the lease was amended to extend the term for an additional without rent escalation. In the fourth quarter of 2021, BYND JX leased an approximately square foot facility in Shanghai, China, for a period of , which is used as a local research and development facility to support the local manufacturing operations. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had invested million as the registered capital of BYND JX and advanced million to BYND JX. 
 In the event that the Company and BYND JX determine, in their sole discretion, to proceed with the Phase 2 development in the JXEDZ, BYND JX has agreed in the first stage of Phase 2 to increase its registered capital to million and to acquire the land use right to a state-owned land plot in the JXEDZ to conduct development and construction of a new production facility. Following the first stage of Phase 2, the Company and BYND JX may determine, in their sole discretion, to permit BYND JX to obtain a second state-owned land plot in the JXEDZ in order to construct an additional facility thereon. 
 The Planet Partnership 
 On January 25, 2021, the Company entered into the Planet Partnership, LLC TPP ), a joint venture with PepsiCo, Inc. PepsiCo to develop, produce and market innovative snack and beverage products made from plant-based protein. In the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized its share of the net losses in TPP in the amount of and million, respectively. In the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized its share of the net losses in TPP in the amount of and million, respectively. As of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had contributed its share of the investment in TPP in the amount of million. See Note 12 . 
 In 2023, as part of its review of its global operations (the Global Operations Review ), the Company made the decision to discontinue the Beyond Meat Jerky product line. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 On July 1, 2023, the Company and Roquette Fr res entered into a second amendment (the Second Amendment to the Company s existing pea protein supply agreement dated January 10, 2020, as amended by the first amendment dated August 3, 2022 (the First Amendment ). Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the terms of the agreement and existing purchase commitments set forth in the First Amendment were revised and extended through December 31, 2025. Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the purchase commitment was revised such that the Company has committed to purchase pea protein inventory totaling million in the remainder of 2024 and million in 2025. 

26 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

term. On November 21, 2023, the Company terminated the Agreement because the co-manufacturer failed to meet its obligations under the Agreement and recorded million in termination-related charges. In March 2024, the co-manufacturer brought an action against the Company in a confidential arbitration proceeding. See Litigation Arbitration with Former Co-Manufacturer . 
 Litigation 
 In connection with the matters described below, the Company has accrued for loss contingencies where it believes that losses are probable and estimable. No loss contingency is recorded for matters where such losses are either not probable or reasonably estimable (or both). Although it is reasonably possible that actual losses could be in excess of the Company s accrual, the Company is unable to estimate a reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of its accrual, due to various reasons, including, among others, that: (i) the proceedings are in early stages or no claims have been asserted; (ii) specific damages have not been sought in all of these matters; (iii) damages, if asserted, are considered unsupported and/or exaggerated; (iv) there is uncertainty as to the outcome of pending appeals, motions or settlements; (v) there are significant factual issues to be resolved; and/or (vi) there are novel legal issues or unsettled legal theories presented. It is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of all pending legal proceedings, and some of the matters discussed below seek or may seek potentially large and/or indeterminate amounts. Any such loss or excess loss could have a material effect on the Company s results of operations or cash flows or on the Company s financial condition. 
 In addition to the matters described below, the Company is involved in various other legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Based on the facts currently available, the Company does not believe that the disposition of such other matters that are pending or asserted will have a material effect on its financial statements. 
 Aliments BVeggie, Inc. 
 In November 2023, Aliments BVeggie, Inc. BVeggie filed and served legal proceedings against the Company before the Superior Court of Quebec s District of Montreal. BVeggie alleges, among other things that: (i) in 2019, the Company and BVeggie entered into a co-manufacturing agreement, by which BVeggie would produce and deliver products for the benefit of the Company, in exchange for a tolling fee to be paid per pound of product produced and delivered to the Company; (ii) the Company would have made false and misleading statements regarding the volume of purchase orders it would provide BVeggie; (iii) BVeggie invested significant sums to adapt its facilities for the intended production; (iv) the Company fell short of its undertakings and promises; and (v) in March 2023, the Company illegally terminated the business relationship. BVeggie intends to claim damages in the total amount of CAD, in compensation for its investments, lost profits and the repairs needed to be made to its facility post-termination of the business relationship and removal of the Company s equipment. The case is at a preliminary stage. The Company intends to vigorously defend against these claims. On December 7, 2023, the Company filed a motion for declinatory exception to stay the proceedings pending before the Superior Court of Quebec, district of Montreal, and refer the dispute to arbitration in California. A hearing on the motion for declinatory exception occurred on April 25, 2024. By judgment dated May 9, 2024, the Superior Court of Quebec granted the motion for declinatory exception filed by the Company and declared that the courts sitting in Los Angeles County, in the State of California, are in a better position to decide the dispute. BVeggie appealed the court s decision on June 7, 2024, and the Company filed a cross-appeal on June 18, 2024. The appeals are expected to be heard by the end of 2025. The litigation in Quebec is currently suspended pending the outcome of the appeals. 

27 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million, be voided. This litigation is also currently suspended pending the outcome of the aforementioned appeals. 
 Saskatchewan Healthcare Employees Pension Plan v. Beyond Meat, Inc. et al. 
 On May 11, 2023, a class action complaint was filed against the Company and certain current and former officers and directors in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, captioned Retail Wholesale Department Store Union Local 338 Retirement Fund v. Beyond Meat, Inc., et al., Case No. 2:23-cv-03602. On July 26, 2023, the Court granted Saskatchewan Healthcare Employees Pension Plan s motion to be appointed lead plaintiff and for its counsel to be appointed lead counsel. On August 9, 2023, the case was re-captioned as Saskatchewan Healthcare Employees Pension Plan v. Beyond Meat, Inc., et al., Case No. 2:23-cv-03602 SHEPP Action ). On October 9, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated class action complaint. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the Company and the individual defendants made false and misleading statements or omissions regarding the Company s ability to manufacture its products at scale and to its partners specifications. The complaint seeks an order certifying the class; awarding compensatory damages, interest, costs, expenses, attorneys and expert fees; and granting other unspecified equitable or injunctive relief. The complaint alleges causes of action under Sections 10(b), 20(a), and 20A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), on behalf of a putative class of investors who purchased the Company s common stock between May 5, 2020 and October 13, 2022, inclusive. On December 8, 2023, the Company and the individual defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated class action complaint. The parties completed briefing on the motion to dismiss in March 2024. On August 9, 2024, the court granted defendants motion to dismiss but granted plaintiffs leave to amend. Plaintiffs filed a first amended complaint on September 6, 2024, which no longer asserted a claim under Section 20A and which no longer included two of the individual defendants from the original complaint. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the first amended complaint on September 30, 2024. A hearing is scheduled for November 25, 2024. The Company intends to vigorously defend against these claims. 
 Stockholder Derivative Litigation Actions 
 Following the SHEPP Action, derivative shareholder actions were filed by purported stockholders against the Company and certain directors and officers. On July 21, 2023, a derivative shareholder action was filed against certain current and former officers and directors of the Company in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, captioned Gervat v. Brown, et al., Case No. 2:23-cv-05954 Gervat Action ). The Gervat Action alleges substantially similar facts as those alleged in the SHEPP Action. The complaint asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and gross mismanagement. It also asserts violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act against a subset of defendants and seeks contribution for violations of Sections10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act from the individual defendants named in the SHEPP Action. The Company is named as a nominal defendant only. On July 27, 2023, a second derivative shareholder action was filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, captioned Brink v. Brown, et al., Case No. 2:23-cv-06110 Brink Action ), alleging substantially the same causes of action as alleged in the Gervat Action and facts substantially similar to those alleged in the SHEPP Action. On August 15, 2023, the Gervat and Brink Actions were consolidated into a single matter, with the complaint in the Gervat Action being the operative one, and such consolidated case was captioned In Re Beyond Meat, Inc. Stockholder Derivative Litigation, Case No. 2:23-cv-05954 Consolidated Derivative Action ). The Consolidated Derivative Action is stayed pending resolution of the defendants motion to dismiss in the SHEPP Action. On August 4, 2023, a third derivative shareholder action was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles, captioned Moore v. Nelson, et al., Case No. 23STCV18587 Moore Action ), alleging 

28 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

29 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million to a settlement fund in full satisfaction of all settlement costs and attorneys fees. 
 On August 5, 2024, the parties filed a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement agreement. The MDL court granted the motion for preliminary approval on August 14, 2024. The deadline for putative class members to object or opt out of the settlement is November 29, 2024. A hearing to determine whether to finally approve the settlement agreement is set for January 23, 2025. If approved, the settlement will resolve the claims of all persons (individuals and/or entities not opting out) who purchased any Beyond Meat product (as defined in the settlement agreement) for household use and not for resale or distribution, from May 31, 2018 to August 14, 2024. 
 Since the settlement is subject to final approval by the MDL court, the timing of payments is uncertain; although the Company paid in August 2024, with the remainder anticipated to be paid in 2025. The Company recorded million in SG A expenses in its condensed consolidated statement of operations in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, paid in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and included million in Accrued litigation settlement costs in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 28, 2024. 
 The active lawsuits, each of which was consolidated and transferred to the MDL and is subject to the class action settlement agreement, are: 
 Roberts v. Beyond Meat, Inc., No. 1:22-cv-02861 (N.D. Ill.) (filed May 31, 2022) 
 Cascio v. Beyond Meat, Inc., No. 1:22-cv-04018 (E.D.N.Y.) (filed July 8, 2022) 
 Miller v. Beyond Meat, Inc., No. 1:22-cv-06336 (S.D.N.Y.) (filed July 26, 2022) 
 Garcia v. Beyond Meat, Inc., No. 4:22-cv-00297 (S.D. Iowa.) (filed September 9, 2022) 
 Borovoy v. Beyond Meat, Inc., No. 1:22-cv-06302 (N.D. Ill.) (filed September 30, 2022 in DuPage Co., Ill.; removed on Nov. 10, 2022) 
 Zakinov v Beyond Meat, Inc., No. 4:23-cv-00144 (S.D. Tex.) (filed January 13, 2023) 
 If the class action settlement agreement is not finally approved by the MDL court, the Company is prepared to vigorously defend against all remaining claims asserted in the complaints. 
 Interbev 
 In October 2020, Interbev, a French trade association for the livestock and meat industry sent a cease-and-desist letter to of the Company s contract manufacturers alleging that the use of meat and meat-related terms is misleading the French consumer. Despite the Company s best efforts to reach a settlement, including a formal settlement proposal from the Company in March 2021, the association no longer responded. Instead, on March 13, 2022, the Company was served a summons by Interbev to appear before the Commercial Court of Paris (the Commercial Court ). The summons alleges that the Company misleads the French consumer with references to e.g. plant based meat, plant based burger and related descriptive names, and alleges that the Company is denigrating meat and meat products. The relief sought by Interbev includes (i) changing the presentation of Beyond Meat products to avoid any potential confusion with meat products, (ii) publication of the judgment of the court in the media, and (iii) damages of EUR . On October 12, 2022, the Company submitted its brief in defense. If the Commercial Court rules against the Company, it could disrupt the Company s ability to market in France. 
 On February 1, 2023, the French trade association submitted updated pleadings to the Commercial Court. The association maintains its position that the Company is misleading the consumer, and additionally alleges that it is engaging in unlawful comparative advertising of its products with respect to meat and meat products. The relief sought is unchanged. On May 24, 2023, the Company submitted its 

30 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

actions before the European Union Intellectual Property Office (the EUIPO to cancel the Company s EU trademark registration for the Caped Steer logo. Interbev is seeking cancellation of the trademark, alleging that the trademark is invalid because it allegedly misleads the public about the nature and characteristics of the products offered under the mark. Interbev is also seeking cancellation on the basis of allegedly misleading use. On July 7, 2023, the Company submitted its responses to these actions, strongly disputing these claims and defending its use and registration of the Caped Steer logo. Interbev s response regarding misleading use of the mark was filed on September 14, 2023, and the Company responded on November 17, 2023. Interbev s response regarding the invalidity of the mark was filed and served on the Company in November 2023, and the Company responded on January 12, 2024. On May 7, 2024, the Company was served with the EUIPO s first instance decision regarding the invalidity of the mark. The EUIPO held the mark to be invalid insofar as the registration covered specifically meat or dairy substitute goods. The EUIPO held the trademark to be valid insofar as the registration is for other plant, cereal, vegetable, fruit or nut-based goods. The Company filed a formal appeal of the first instance decision on July 5, 2024, followed by its substantive grounds of appeal on September 9, 2024. Interbev has until November 11, 2024 to respond, and the Company is monitoring for further developments. 
 Decrees Prohibiting Meat Names 
 On June 29, 2022, France adopted a Decree implementing a prohibition of June 2020 on the use of denominations used for foodstuffs of animal origin to describe, market or promote foodstuffs containing plant proteins (the Contested Decree ). The Contested Decree prohibited the use of meat names (such as sausage or meatballs for plant-based products, from its date of entry into force on October 1, 2022. On July 27, 2022, the French High Administrative Court issued a temporary and partial suspension of the execution of the Contested Decree, in response to a motion filed by a French trade association. 
 On October 21, 2022, the Company filed a request for annulment of the Contested Decree before the French High Administrative Court. On November 16, 2022, the Company filed a voluntary intervention in the French trade association s own application for annulment, to ensure that both the Company s voice and strong EU law arguments were heard. On January 23, 2023, the French Ministry for the Economy (the French Ministry responded to the Company s request for annulment and intervention. The French Ministry s response made clear that it would enforce the Contested Decree as a blanket ban on the use of all meaty names for plant-based products in France. On April 20, 2023, a number of plant-based companies voluntarily filed interventions in support of the Company s case. 
 On July 12, 2023, the French High Administrative Court issued an intermediate judgment in the proceedings against the French meaty names ban. The court held that there were a number of difficulties interpreting EU law, which will be decisive for the resolution of the case. For that reason, the French High Administrative Court referred the case to the CJEU, which is the highest court in the EU and can issue a 

31 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

EU member states, including France. The French High Administrative Court is bound to follow judgments of the CJEU. The procedure before the CJEU started on August 22, 2023, and the Company filed its submission on October 31, 2023. On January 15, 2024, the CJEU closed the written procedure. The period to request an oral hearing closed on February 5, 2024. 
 In parallel to the litigation before the CJEU against the Contested Decree, on August 23, 2023, France published a proposal for a new decree replacing the Contested Decree (the New Decree ). The New Decree has removed some of the Contested Decree s most open-ended language, but essentially maintains the prohibition on meaty names for plant-based proteins. The New Decree was subject to administrative review procedure by the European Commission (the EU s executive body) and the EU member states other than France. The six-months standstill period under that procedure ended on February 23, 2024. The Company supported plant-based protein trade associations against the New Decree. On February 26, 2024, the New Decree was adopted. However, on April 10, 2024, the French High Administrative Court decided once again to postpone the applicability of the New Decree. The interim relief judge noted that there were serious doubts as to whether such national measures could be adopted based on EU law, which had already prompted the ongoing CJEU litigation. 
 In this context, on March 1, 2024, the CJEU requested the French High Administrative Court to provide its view on the impact of the adoption of the New Decree on the litigation against the Contested Decree, and whether it should be declared moot or it should be allowed to proceed. On March 14, 2024, the French High Administrative Court responded to the CJEU's request for information asking it to rule in the current proceedings. On April 15, 2024, the CJEU decided that the litigation against the Contested Decree would proceed, and that an oral hearing was not necessary. 
 On October 4, 2024, the CJEU rendered its judgment. The judgment of the CJEU determined that the manner in which the Contested Decree seeks to ban meat names for plant-based foods is unlawful under EU law. It sets a precedent on the extent to which EU Member States may regulate the naming of plant-based foods at the national level in the absence of harmonization at the EU level. In its judgment, the CJEU also ruled that meat is defined under EU law as edible parts of certain animals. The Company is taking the view that the court s interpretation only affects the use of the term in the sales denomination on the label and not the use of the term in marketing and advertising materials. The case will now revert back to the French High Administrative Court, which is bound by the CJEU s judgment and is expected to render its judgment later this year or in 2025. The Company maintains its position that the Contested Decree was, and the New Decree is, illegal under French and EU law. It will continue to defend against prohibitions on meat names, among others, through plant-based protein trade associations. 
 Arbitration with Former Co-Manufacturer 
 In March 2024, a former co-manufacturer Manufacturer brought an action against the Company in a confidential arbitration proceeding. The Company had entered into an agreement with the Manufacturer, under which the Manufacturer was responsible for producing products on behalf of the Company. The Company terminated the agreement in November 2023 due to the Manufacturer s failure to produce food in compliance with applicable laws, as required by the agreement. The Manufacturer alleges that the Company terminated the agreement without a contractual basis to do so and that it is owed past and future payments under the agreement. The Manufacturer claims total damages of at least approximately million. The Company intends to vigorously defend against these claims. In October 2024, the Company filed amended counterclaims against the Manufacturer for breach of contract, breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing, fraudulent inducement, false promise, concealment, and intentional misrepresentation, and negligent misrepresentation. The Company intends to vigorously prosecute the claims asserted against the Manufacturer. 

32 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Note 10. 
 and in income tax expense, respectively, in its condensed consolidated statements of operations. In the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded in income tax benefit and in income tax expense, respectively, in its condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Company has evaluated the available evidence supporting the realization of its deferred tax assets, including the amount and timing of future taxable income, and has determined that it is more likely than not that its net deferred tax assets will not be realized. Due to uncertainties surrounding the realization of the deferred tax assets, the Company maintains a full valuation allowance against substantially all deferred tax assets. If the Company determines that it will be able to realize some portion or all of its deferred tax assets, an adjustment to its valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets will be made and the adjustment would have the effect of increasing net income in the period such determination is made. 
 As of September 28, 2024, the Company did have any accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The Company is subject to U.S. federal tax authority and U.S. state tax authority examinations for all years with respect to net operating loss and credit carryforwards. 
 
 Note 11.) ) ) ) Net loss available to common stockholders basic ) ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Dilutive effect of shares issuable under stock options Dilutive effect of RSUs Dilutive effect of PSUs Dilutive effect of Notes, if converted (1) 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted Net loss per share available to common stockholders basic and diluted __________ 
 billion in Notes outstanding as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 

33 

BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

RSUs PSUs Total 
 
 Note 12. 
 in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. Net revenues earned from TPP included in U.S. retail channel net revenues were and million, including the recognition of a million non-refundable up-front fee, in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 

34 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our 2023 10-K and Part II, Item 1A , Risk Factors and Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this report and those discussed in other documents we file from time to time with the SEC. The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included in this quarterly report and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our 2023 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future periods and our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024 or for any other interim period or for any other future year or period. 
 
 Overview 
 Beyond Meat is a leading plant-based meat company, offering a portfolio of revolutionary plant-based meats. We build meat directly from plants, an innovation that enables consumers to experience the taste, texture and other sensory attributes of popular animal-based meat products while enjoying the nutritional and environmental benefits of eating our plant-based meat products. Our brand promise, Eat What You Love, represents a strong belief that there is a better way to feed our future and that the positive choices we all make, no matter how small, can have a great impact on our personal health and the health of our planet. By shifting from animal-based meat to plant-based meat, we can positively impact four growing global issues: human health, climate change, constraints on natural resources and animal welfare. 
 We sell a range of plant-based meat products across our three core platforms of beef, pork and poultry. As of September 2024, Beyond Meat branded products were available at approximately 129,000 retail and foodservice outlets in more than 60 countries worldwide, across mainstream grocery, mass merchandiser, club store and natural retailer channels, and various food-away-from-home channels, including restaurants, foodservice outlets and schools. The number of retail and foodservice outlets where Beyond Meat branded products are available was derived from rolling 52-week data as of September 2024 and excludes retail outlets unique to Beyond Meat Jerky. In 2023, as part of our Global Operations Review, we made the decision to discontinue the Beyond Meat Jerky product line. 
 In response to the current difficult environment and the negative impact of certain factors on our business and the overall plant-based meat category, beginning in 2022 we pivoted our focus toward sustainable long-term growth supported by three pillars: (1) driving margin recovery and operating expense reduction through the implementation of lean value streams across our beef, pork and poultry platforms; (2) inventory reduction and cash flow generation through more efficient inventory management; and (3) focusing on near-term retail and foodservice growth drivers while supporting key strategic long-term partners and opportunities. 
 To further reduce operating expenses, in November 2023, we initiated our Global Operations Review, which involves narrowing our commercial focus to certain anticipated growth opportunities, and accelerating activities that prioritize gross margin expansion and cash generation. These efforts have to date included, and may in the future include, the exit or discontinuation of select product lines such as Beyond Meat Jerky; changes to our pricing architecture within certain channels including price increases of certain of our products in our U.S. retail and foodservice channels; accelerated, cash-accretive inventory reduction initiatives; further optimization of our manufacturing capacity and real estate footprint; reductions in our workforce; and the continued review of our operations in China, which may include scaling back or discontinuing some or all of our operations in China. As a result of this review, on November 1, 2023, our board of directors approved a plan to reduce our workforce by approximately 65 employees, representing approximately 19 of our global non-production 

35 

workforce (or approximately 8 of our total global workforce). We may not be able to fully realize the cost savings and benefits initially anticipated from our cost reduction initiatives and Global Operations Review, and the realized costs may be greater than expected. 
 We continue to review and evaluate our operations in China which may include scaling back or discontinuing some or all of our operations in China. If we discontinue some or cease operations altogether in China, we expect to incur non-cash charges such as provision for excess and obsolete inventory and impairment charges, accelerated depreciation on write-offs and disposals of fixed assets, and losses on sale and write-down of fixed assets, as well as certain cash and non-cash charges such as contract termination charges, lease exit and related costs, severance payments and other related costs. These charges may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 
 In recent periods, our net revenues, gross profit, gross margin, earnings and cash flows have been adversely impacted by the following, each of which may continue to impact our business and financial condition in the future: 
 unfavorable changes in our product sales mix, including the launch of new products, which may carry lower margin profiles relative to existing products, increased sales generally carrying a lower selling price per pound as a percentage of our total sales to strategic QSR customers, and lower demand for our core products; 
 continued weak demand and its resultant impact on our sales due to slower category growth, particularly for refrigerated plant-based meat; 
 unfavorable changes in consumers perceptions about the health attributes of plant-based meats and increased competitive activity; 
 deceleration of the adoption of plant-based meat across Europe and our ability to successfully launch extended shelf-life products, which could negatively impact our ability to expand distribution of our products; 
 the impact of high inflation and the plant-based meat sector s premium pricing relative to animal protein, which have caused and could continue to cause consumers to trade down into cheaper forms of protein, including animal meat, beans and other non-animal meat protein sources; 
 negative impacts on capacity utilization as a result of lower than anticipated revenues, which have in the past and could in the future give rise to increased costs per unit, underutilization fees, termination fees and other costs to exit certain supply chain arrangements and product lines, and/or the write-down or write-off of certain equipment and other fixed assets and impairment charges, driving less leverage on fixed costs and delaying the speed at which cost savings initiatives positively impact our financial results; 
 changes in forecasted demand, including for our core products namely Beyond Burger, Beyond Beef, and Beyond Sausage and others; 
 our discontinuation of Beyond Meat Jerky; 
 managing inventory levels, including sales to liquidation channels at lower prices, write-down or write-off of obsolete inventory, or increase in inventory provision; 
 changes in our pricing strategy, including actions intended to improve our price competitiveness relative to competing products or to improve profitability, such as price increases of certain of our products in our U.S. retail and foodservice channels; 
 increased unit cost of goods sold due to lower production volumes in response to weaker demand, which has and may continue in the future to adversely impact coverage of fixed production costs within our manufacturing facilities; 
 increased unit cost of goods sold due to input cost inflation, including higher transportation, raw materials, energy, labor and supply chain costs; 
 potential disruption to our supply chain generally caused by distribution and other logistical issues, including the impact of cyber incidents at suppliers and vendors; and 
 labor needs at the Company as well as in the supply chain and at customers. 

36 

Components of Our Results of Operations and Trends and Other Factors Affecting Our Business 
 Net Revenues 
 We generate net revenues primarily from sales of our products to our customers across mainstream grocery, mass merchandiser, club store and natural retailer channels, and various food-away-from-home channels, including restaurants, foodservice outlets and schools, mainly in the United States, the EU and Canada. Following our Global Operations Review, in recent periods, as part of our effort to reduce excess or obsolete inventory and generate incremental cash, we have also generated net revenues from ingredient sales. 
 We present our net revenues by geography and distribution channel as follows: 
 Distribution Channel Description U.S. Retail Net revenues from retail sales to the U.S. market and sales to TPP (as defined below) (1)(2) 
 U.S. Foodservice Net revenues from restaurant and foodservice sales to the U.S. market International Retail Net revenues from retail sales to international markets, including Canada International Foodservice Net revenues from restaurant and foodservice sales to international markets, including Canada 
 
 (1) Net revenues associated with Beyond Meat Jerky sold to the Planet Partnership, LLC TPP in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were 0. Net revenues associated with Beyond Meat Jerky sold to TPP in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were 0 and 5.3 million, respectively. In 2023, as part of our Global Operations Review, we made the decision to discontinue the Beyond Meat Jerky product line. 
 (2) Includes net revenues from ingredient sales. Net revenues from ingredient sales in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, were 1,000 and 0.3 million, respectively. Net revenues from ingredient sales in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, were 2.4 million and 0.3 million, respectively. 
 
 The following factors and trends in our business have driven net revenue generation in prior periods and are expected to be key drivers of net revenue generation over time, subject to the challenges discussed herein: 
 increased penetration across our retail channel, including mainstream grocery, mass merchandiser, club store and natural retailer channels, and our foodservice channel, including increased desire by colleges and schools, foodservice establishments, including large Full Service Restaurant and/or global QSR customers, to add plant-based products to their menus and to highlight and retain these offerings; 
 the strength and breadth of our partnerships with global QSR restaurants and retail and foodservice customers; 
 the success of our pivot to focus on sustainable long-term growth, including focusing on near-term retail and foodservice growth drivers while supporting key strategic long-term partners and opportunities, and intensifying focus on channels and geographies that are exhibiting revenue growth; 
 distribution expansion, increased sales velocity, household penetration, repeat purchases, buying rates (amount spent per buyer) and purchase frequency across our channels, including the success of promotional programs at attracting new users to the plant-based meat category; 
 increased international sales of our products across geographies, markets and channels as we seek to expand the breadth and depth of our international distribution and grow our numbers of international customers; 
 our operational effectiveness and ability to fulfill orders in full and on time; 
 our continued innovation and product commercialization, including the introduction of new products and improvement of existing products, such as our Beyond IV generation of products, that appeal to a broad range of consumers, specifically those who typically eat animal-based meat; 

37 

enhanced marketing efforts and the success thereof, as we continue to build our brand, use our portfolio and marketing to directly counter misinformation about our products and the plant-based meat category, amplify our value proposition around taste, health and planet, serve as a best-in-class partner to both retail and foodservice customers to support product development and category management, and drive consumer adoption of our products; 
 investment in in-store execution and field resources focused on shelf availability and presentation, particularly in the U.S. refrigerated meat case, to drive increased sales; 
 overall market trends, including consumer awareness and demand for nutritious, convenient and high protein plant-based foods; and 
 localized production and third party partnerships to improve our cost of production and increase the availability, accessibility and speed with which we can get our products to customers internationally. 
 As we seek to grow our net revenues, we continue to face several challenges, including prolonged, weakened demand within the plant-based meat category overall, broad macroeconomic headwinds, including elevated levels of inflation, high interest rates, waning consumer confidence and recessionary concerns in certain geographic regions, adverse changes in consumers perceptions about the health attributes of our products, increased competitive activity in the plant-based meat category, and global events such as the war in Ukraine and the conflict in Israel, Gaza and surrounding areas and their potential impact on availability of raw materials and/or distribution of our products. 
 We routinely offer sales discounts and promotions through various programs to customers and consumers. These programs include rebates, temporary on-shelf price reductions, off-invoice discounts, retailer advertisements, product coupons and other trade activities. The expense associated with these discounts and promotions is estimated and recorded as a reduction in total gross revenues in order to arrive at reported net revenues. At the end of each accounting period, we recognize a contra asset to Accounts receivable for estimated sales discounts that have been incurred but not paid which totaled 5.2 million and 6.9 million as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. We continue to face increasing competition across all channels, and we expect that trend to continue, especially if consumers continue to trade down among proteins in the context of significant inflationary pressure. Moving forward we expect to continue to invest in promotional discounting to address the current consumer trend with more targeted key selling period activations that we expect will allow us to scale back overall trade spending and continue to build brand awareness and increase consumer trials of our products. 
 In addition, because we do not have any purchase commitments from our distributors or customers, the amount of net revenues we recognize has varied and will vary in the future, from period to period, depending on the volume, timing and channels through which our products are sold, and the impact of customer orders ahead of holidays, causing variability in our results. Similarly, the timing of retail shelf resets are not within our control, and to the extent that retail customers change the timing of such events, variability of our results may also increase. Lower customer orders ahead of holidays, shifts in customer shelf reset activity and changes in order patterns of one or more of our large retail customers could cause a significant fluctuation in our quarterly results and could have a disproportionate effect on our results of operations for the entire fiscal year. 
 Our financial performance also depends on our operational effectiveness and ability to fulfill orders in full and on time. Disruptions in our supply chain could affect customer demand, resulting in orders that may not materialize due to delayed deliveries and subsequent lost sales that we may not be able to recover in full, or at all. 
 Further, we may not be able to recapture missed opportunities in later periods, for example if the opportunity is related to a significant grilling holiday like Memorial Day weekend, the Fourth of July, or Labor Day weekend. Missed opportunities may also result in missing subsequent additional opportunities. Internal and external operational issues therefore may impact the amount and variability of our results. 

38 

Seasonality 
 Generally, we expect to experience greater demand for certain of our products during the U.S. summer grilling season. In 2024, 2023 and 2022, U.S. retail channel net revenues during the second quarter were 21 , 10 and 16 higher than the first quarter, respectively. While we expected to continue to see additional seasonality effects in 2024, as compared to 2023, we saw more muted effects from seasonality in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the prior-year periods and the second quarter of 2024, reflecting, in part, pricing actions in our U.S. retail and foodservice channels. In general, any historical effects of seasonality have been more pronounced within our U.S. retail channel, with revenue contribution from this channel generally tending to be greater in the second and third quarters of the year, driven by increased levels of grilling activity, higher levels of purchasing by customers ahead of holidays, the impact of customer shelf reset activity and the timing of product restocking by our retail customers. In an environment of heightened uncertainty from recessionary and inflationary pressures, prolonged weakness in the plant-based meat category, competition and other factors impacting our business, we are unable to assess the ultimate impact on the demand for our products as a result of seasonality. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Gross profit consists of our net revenues less cost of goods sold. Gross margin is gross profit expressed as a percentage of our net revenues. Our cost of goods sold primarily consists of the cost of raw materials including ingredients and packaging, co-manufacturing fees, direct and indirect labor and certain supply costs, inbound and internal shipping and handling costs incurred in manufacturing our products, warehouse storage fees, plant and equipment overhead, depreciation and amortization expense, provision for excess and obsolete inventory, accelerated depreciation on write-offs and disposals of certain fixed assets, and losses on sale and write-down of certain fixed assets. Under certain circumstances, our cost of goods sold may also include underutilization and/or termination fees associated with our co-manufacturing agreements. 
 Subject to recessionary and inflationary pressures, prolonged weakness in the plant-based meat category, competition and other factors impacting our business, which are discussed above, we continue to expect that long-term gross profit and gross margin improvements will be delivered primarily through: 
 implementation of lean value streams across our beef, pork and poultry platforms; 
 reviewing and adjusting our pricing architecture within certain channels including price increases of certain of our products in our U.S. retail and foodservice channels; 
 exiting select product lines in order to eliminate margin-dilutive products or to streamline our supply chain operations; 
 improved volume leverage and throughput; 
 reduced manufacturing conversion costs driven in part by network consolidation and optimization of our production network; 
 greater internalization and geographic localization of our manufacturing footprint; 
 finished goods, materials and packaging input cost reductions and scale of purchasing; 
 end-to-end production processes across a greater proportion of our manufacturing network; 
 scale-driven efficiencies in procurement and fixed cost absorption; 
 product and process innovations and reformulations; and 
 improved supply chain logistics and distribution costs. 
 Gross margin improvement may, however, continue to be negatively impacted by reduced capacity utilization if demand for our products continues to decline, investments in our production infrastructure across the U.S., EU and China in advance of anticipated demand, which may not materialize within the expected timeframe, investment in production personnel, partnerships and product pipeline, aggressive pricing strategies and increased discounting, increases in inventory provision, write-down or write-off of obsolete inventory and potentially increased sales to liquidation channels at lower prices, changes in our product and 

39 

customer sales mix, expansion into new geographies and markets where cost and pricing structures may differ from our existing markets, and underutilization fees, termination fees and other costs to exit certain supply chain arrangements and product lines. Gross margin improvement is also expected to continue to be negatively impacted by the impact of inflation, and increasing labor costs, materials costs and transportation costs. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel and related expenses for our research and development staff, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, share-based compensation, scale-up expenses, depreciation and amortization expenses on research and development assets, and facility lease costs. Our research and development efforts are focused on enhancements to our existing product formulations and production processes in addition to the development of new products. We expect to continue to invest in research and development over time, as research and development and innovation are core elements of our business strategy, and we believe they represent a critical competitive advantage for us. We believe that we need to continue to innovate in order to capture a larger share of consumers who typically eat animal-based meats. We decreased our research and development expenses in 2023 and expect research and development expenses in 2024 to decrease further from the levels in 2023 primarily as a result of the reduction-in-force implemented in November 2023 and as we focus on reducing and optimizing operating expenses more broadly. 
 SG A Expenses 
 SG A expenses consist primarily of selling, marketing and administrative expenses, including personnel and related expenses, share-based compensation, outbound shipping and handling costs, non-manufacturing lease expense, depreciation and amortization expense on non-manufacturing and non-research and development assets, charges related to asset write-offs including loss on sale and write-down of fixed assets, consulting fees and other non-production operating expenses. Marketing and selling expenses include advertising costs, share-based compensation awards to non-employee consultants and ambassadors, costs associated with consumer promotions, product donations, product samples and sales aids incurred to acquire new customers, retain existing customers and build our brand awareness. Administrative expenses include expenses related to management, accounting, legal, IT and other office functions. We decreased SG A expenses in 2023 and expect SG A expenses in 2024 to decrease further from the levels in 2023, as we focus on reducing and optimizing operating expenses more broadly, including as part of the implementation of lean value streams across our beef, pork and poultry platforms. 

40 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth selected items in our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the respective periods presented (unaudited): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net revenues 81,006 75,312 249,794 269,697 Cost of goods sold 66,698 82,566 218,101 268,493 Gross profit (loss) 14,308 (7,254) 31,693 1,204 Research and development expenses 6,133 9,118 21,478 30,323 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 39,084 53,252 128,529 152,607 Restructuring expenses (4) (631) Total operating expenses 45,217 62,366 150,007 182,299 Loss from operations (30,909) (69,620) (118,314) (181,095) 
 The following table presents selected items in our condensed consolidated statements of operations as a percentage of net revenues for the respective periods presented (unaudited): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net revenues 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of goods sold 82.3 109.6 87.3 99.6 Gross profit (loss) 17.7 (9.6) 12.7 0.4 Research and development expenses 7.6 12.1 8.6 11.2 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 48.2 70.7 51.5 56.6 Restructuring expenses (0.2) Total operating expenses 55.8 82.8 60.1 67.6 Loss from operations (38.1) (92.4) (47.4) (67.2) 

41 

Three and Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 Compared to Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 
 Net Revenues 
 The following table presents our net revenues by channel in the three months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the prior-year period: 
 Three Months Ended Change (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amount U.S.: Retail 34,969 30,518 4,451 14.6 Foodservice 14,478 12,535 1,943 15.5 U.S. net revenues 49,447 43,053 6,394 14.9 International: Retail 16,565 14,153 2,412 17.0 Foodservice 14,994 18,106 (3,112) (17.2) International net revenues 31,559 32,259 (700) (2.2) Net revenues 81,006 75,312 5,694 7.6 
 Net revenues in the three months ended September 28, 2024 increased 5.7 million, or 7.6 , as compared to the prior-year period, primarily driven by a 15.8 increase in net revenue per pound, partially offset by a 7.1 decrease in volume of products sold. The increase in net revenue per pound was primarily driven by lower trade discounts, price increases of certain of our products and changes in product sales mix, partially offset by unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Net revenues from U.S. retail sales in the three months ended September 28, 2024 increased 4.5 million, or 14.6 , as compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to a 22.6 increase in net revenue per pound, partially offset by a 6.6 decrease in volume of products sold, primarily reflecting weak category demand and price elasticity effects. The increase in net revenue per pound was primarily driven by lower trade discounts and price increases of certain of our products, partially offset by changes in product sales mix. U.S. retail channel net revenues in the three months ended September 28, 2024 included 1,000 in ingredient sales. By product, the increase in U.S. retail channel net revenues was primarily due to increased sales of Beyond Burger, partially offset by decreased sales of Beyond Beef, Beyond Sausage and chicken products including Beyond Chicken Tenders, Beyond Chicken Nuggets and Beyond Popcorn Chicken. Beyond Meat branded products were available at approximately 28,000 U.S. retail outlets as of September 2024. 
 Net revenues from U.S. foodservice sales in the three months ended September 28, 2024 increased 1.9 million, or 15.5 , as compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to a 7.9 increase in volume of products sold, primarily reflecting sales of chicken products to a U.S. QSR customer that did not occur in the year-ago period, and a 7.0 increase in net revenue per pound, primarily driven by price increases of certain of our products and changes in product sales mix, partially offset by higher trade discounts. By product, the increase in U.S. foodservice channel net revenues was primarily due to the increase in sales of chicken products including Beyond Chicken Tenders, Beyond Chicken Nuggets and Beyond Popcorn Chicken. Beyond Meat branded products were available at approximately 38,000 U.S. foodservice outlets as of September 2024. 
 Net revenues from international retail sales in the three months ended September 28, 2024 increased 2.4 million, or 17.0 , as compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to a 10.5 increase in net revenue per pound and a 6.0 increase in volume of products sold, primarily reflecting distribution gains and increased demand in certain geographic regions. The increase in net revenue per pound primarily reflected lower trade discounts and changes in product sales mix, partially offset by price decreases of certain of our products and 

42 

unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. By product, the increase in international retail channel net revenues was primarily due to increased sales of Beyond Burger, partially offset by decreased sales of Beyond Beef and chicken products including Beyond Chicken Tenders. Beyond Meat branded products were available at approximately 38,000 international retail outlets as of September 2024. 
 Net revenues from international foodservice sales in the three months ended September 28, 2024 decreased 3.1 million, or 17.2 , as compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to a 22.1 decrease in volume of products sold, primarily reflecting decreased sales of burger and chicken products to a large QSR customer in the EU, partially offset by a 6.2 increase in net revenue per pound. The increase in net revenue per pound primarily reflected lower trade discounts and price increases of certain of our products, partially offset by changes in product sales mix and unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. By product, the decrease in international foodservice channel net revenues was primarily due to decreased sales of burger and chicken products, particularly to a large QSR customer in the EU. Beyond Meat branded products were available at approximately 25,000 international foodservice outlets as of September 2024. 
 The following table presents our net revenues by channel in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the prior-year period: Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amount U.S.: Retail 116,926 123,167 (6,241) (5.1) Foodservice 37,132 39,974 (2,842) (7.1) U.S. net revenues 154,058 163,141 (9,083) (5.6) International: Retail 46,728 48,437 (1,709) (3.5) Foodservice 49,008 58,119 (9,111) (15.7) International net revenues 95,736 106,556 (10,820) (10.2) Net revenues 249,794 269,697 (19,903) (7.4) 
 Net revenues in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 decreased 19.9 million, or 7.4 , as compared to the prior-year period, primarily driven by a 12.6 decrease in volume of products sold, partially offset by a 5.8 increase in net revenue per pound. The decrease in volume of products sold primarily reflected weak category demand. Net revenues from sales of Beyond Meat Jerky to TPP were 0 in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to 5.3 million in the prior-year period, including the recognition of a 2.0 million non-refundable up-front fee in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net revenue per pound was primarily driven by lower trade discounts, price increases of certain of our products and changes in product sales mix, partially offset by unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Net revenues from U.S. retail sales in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 decreased 6.2 million, or 5.1 , as compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to a 14.5 decrease in volume of products sold, partially offset by a 10.8 increase in net revenue per pound. The decrease in volume of products sold primarily reflected weak category demand. The increase in net revenue per pound was primarily driven by lower trade discounts, price increases of certain of our products and changes in product sales mix. U.S. retail channel net revenues in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 included 2.4 million in ingredient sales. By product, the decrease in U.S. retail channel net revenues was primarily due to decreased sales of Beyond Beef, Beyond Meat Jerky, chicken products, including Beyond Chicken Tenders, Beyond Chicken Nuggets and Beyond Popcorn Chicken, Beyond Sausage, Beyond Burger, Beyond Meatballs and Beyond Breakfast Sausage, partially offset by increased ingredient sales and increased sales of Beyond Steak. Net revenues from sales of Beyond Meat Jerky to TPP were 0 in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, as compared 

43 

to 5.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, including the recognition of a 2.0 million non-refundable up-front fee. 
 Net revenues from U.S. foodservice sales in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 decreased 2.8 million, or 7.1 , as compared to the prior-year period, primarily driven by a 11.7 decrease in volume of products sold, primarily reflecting weak category demand and, to a lesser extent, distribution losses, partially offset by a 5.3 increase in net revenue per pound, primarily driven by price increases of certain of our products and changes in product sales mix, partially offset by higher trade discounts. By product, the decrease in U.S. foodservice channel net revenues was primarily due to decreased sales of Beyond Burger, Beyond Beef and Beyond Beef Crumble, partially offset by increased sales of chicken products, including Beyond Chicken Tenders, Beyond Chicken Nuggets and Beyond Popcorn Chicken. 
 Net revenues from international retail sales in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 decreased 1.7 million, or 3.5 , as compared to the prior-year period, primarily driven by a 4.2 decrease in volume of products sold, primarily reflecting reduced sales of chicken products in the EU and softer demand for certain products in Canada, partially offset by a 0.7 increase in net revenue per pound. The increase in net revenue per pound was primarily due to changes in product sales mix and lower trade discounts, partially offset by unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates and price decreases in certain of our products. By product, the decrease in international retail channel net revenues was primarily due to decreased sales of chicken products, Beyond Beef and Beyond Sausage, partially offset by increased sales of Beyond Burger and Beyond Steak. 
 Net revenues from international foodservice sales in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 decreased 9.1 million, or 15.7 , as compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to a 15.7 decrease in volume of products sold, primarily reflecting decreased sales of burger and chicken products to a large QSR customer in the EU, and weak category demand. Net revenue per pound remained flat as compared to the prior year-period primarily due to price increases in certain of our products and lower trade discounts, fully offset by changes in product sales mix and unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. By product, the decrease in international foodservice channel net revenues was primarily due to decreased sales of Beyond Burger, chicken products and Beyond Beef Crumble. 
 The following table presents consolidated volume of our products sold in pounds for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amount September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amount U.S.: Retail 6,727 7,199 (472) (6.6) 22,296 26,064 (3,768) (14.5) Foodservice 2,271 2,104 167 7.9 6,061 6,866 (805) (11.7) International: Retail 3,576 3,375 201 6.0 10,416 10,868 (452) (4.2) Foodservice 4,144 5,317 (1,173) (22.1) 14,219 16,864 (2,645) (15.7) Volume of products sold 16,718 17,995 (1,277) (7.1) 52,992 60,662 (7,670) (12.6) 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amount September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amount Cost of goods sold 66,698 82,566 (15,868) (19.2) 218,101 268,493 (50,392) (18.8) 

44 

Cost of goods sold decreased 15.9 million, or 19.2 , to 66.7 million, in the three months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the prior-year period. As a percentage of net revenues, cost of goods sold decreased to 82.3 of net revenues in the three months ended September 28, 2024, from 109.6 of net revenues in the prior-year period. The decrease in cost of goods sold was primarily due to decreased cost per pound, and, to a lesser extent, lower volume of products sold. On a per pound basis, cost of goods sold decreased primarily due to lower inventory provision, lower logistics costs and lower materials costs . 
 Cost of goods sold decreased 50.4 million, or 18.8 , to 218.1 million, in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the prior-year period. As a percentage of net revenues, cost of goods sold decreased to 87.3 of net revenues in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 from 99.6 of net revenues in the prior-year period primarily due to lower volume of products sold, and, to a lesser extent, decreased cost per pound. On a per pound basis, cost of goods sold decreased primarily due to lower inventory provision and lower logistics costs, partially offset by higher materials costs. 
 Gross Profit (Loss) and Gross Margin 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amount September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amount Gross profit 
 14,308 (7,254) 21,562 297.2 31,693 1,204 30,489 2,532.3 Gross margin 
 17.7 (9.6) 2,730 bps N/A 12.7 0.4 1230 bps N/A 
 Gross profit in the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 14.3 million as compared to loss of 7.3 million in the prior-year period, an increase of 21.6 million, or 297.2 . Gross margin in the three months ended September 28, 2024 increased to 17.7 from a negative gross margin of (9.6) in the prior-year period. Gross profit and gross margin in the three months ended September 28, 2024 were positively impacted by increased net revenue per pound and decreased cost of goods sold per pound, partially offset by decreased volume of products sold. 
 Gross profit in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 31.7 million as compared to 1.2 million in the prior-year period, an increase of 30.5 million, or 2,532.3 . Gross margin in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 increased to 12.7 from 0.4 in the prior-year period. Gross profit and gross margin in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 were positively impacted by decreased cost of goods sold per pound and higher net revenue per pound, partially offset by decreased volume of products sold. Improvements in gross profit and gross margin in the U.S. retail and U.S. foodservice channels were, in part, due to the pricing strategy implemented at the beginning of 2024. 
 As disclosed in Note 2 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Shipping and Handling Costs , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report, we include outbound shipping and handling costs within SG A expenses. As a result, our gross profit and gross margin may not be comparable to other entities that present all shipping and handling costs as a component of cost of goods sold. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amount September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amount Research and development expenses 6,133 9,118 (2,985) (32.7) 21,478 30,323 (8,845) (29.2) 

45 

Research and development expenses decreased 3.0 million, or 32.7 , in the three months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to the prior-year period. Research and development expenses decreased to 7.6 of net revenues in the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 12.1 of net revenues in the prior-year period. The decrease in research and development expenses was primarily due to lower salaries and related expenses resulting from the reduction in headcount implemented in 2023 and lower expenses from in-sourcing trial production work compared to the prior-year period. 
 Research and development expenses decreased 8.8 million, or 29.2 , in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to the prior-year period. Research and development expenses decreased to 8.6 of net revenues in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 from 11.2 of net revenues in the prior-year period. The decrease in research and development expenses was primarily due to lower salaries and related expenses resulting from the reduction in headcount and lower expenses from in-sourcing trial production work compared to the prior-year period. 
 SG A Expenses 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amount September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amount Selling, general and administrative expenses 39,084 53,252 (14,168) (26.6) 128,529 152,607 (24,078) (15.8) 
 SG A expenses decreased 14.2 million, or 26.6 , to 39.1 million, or 48.2 of net revenues in the three months ended September 28, 2024, from 53.3 million, or 70.7 of net revenues in the prior-year period. The decrease in SG A expenses was primarily due to 3.8 million in lower bad debt expense, 3.3 million in lower salaries and related expenses, 3.2 million in lower consulting expenses, 2.1 million in lower general insurance expenses that included 2.0 million in business interruption insurance recovery associated with a cybersecurity incident at a supplier in 2023, 1.8 million in lower advertising expenses, 1.5 million in lower samples expenses and 1.1 million in lower outbound freight expenses, partially offset by 2.4 million in higher product donation expenses resulting from the donation of unsaleable finished goods. 
 SG A expenses decreased 24.1 million, or 15.8 , to 128.5 million, or 51.5 of net revenues in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, from 152.6 million, or 56.6 of net revenues in the prior-year period. The decrease in SG A expenses was primarily due to 6.6 million in lower advertising expenses, 6.6 million in lower salaries and related expenses, 6.1 million in lower share-based compensation expense, 3.6 million in lower bad debt expense, 3.4 million in lower loss on sale of fixed assets, 3.2 million in lower outbound freight expenses, 3.1 million in lower general insurance expenses that included 2.0 million in business interruption insurance recovery associated with a cybersecurity incident at a supplier in 2023, 2.3 million in lower samples expense and 2.0 million in lower consulting expenses, partially offset by 1.8 million in higher supply chain related expenses. SG A expenses in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 included 7.5 million related to a class action settlement agreement, which is subject to final court approval, in connection with the settlement of certain consumer class action lawsuits that originated in 2022. 
 Loss from Operations 
 Loss from operations in the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 30.9 million compared to 69.6 million in the prior-year period. The decrease in loss from operations was driven by increased gross profit and reduced operating expenses. 
 Loss from operations in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 118.3 million compared to 181.1 million in the prior-year period. The decrease in loss from operations was driven by increased gross profit and reduced operating expenses. Loss from operations in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was negatively impacted by 7.5 million in SG A expenses related to a class action settlement agreement, 

46 

which is subject to final court approval, in connection with the settlement of certain consumer class action lawsuits that originated in 2022. 
 Total Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Total other income, net, in the three months ended September 28, 2024 of 4.4 million consisted primarily of 4.1 million in net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains due to favorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates of the Euro and the Chinese Yuan, and 1.4 million in interest income, partially offset by 1.0 million in interest expense from the amortization of convertible debt issuance costs. Total other expense, net, in the three months ended September 30, 2023 of 0.7 million consisted primarily of 2.5 million in net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction losses and 1.0 million in interest expense from the amortization of convertible debt issuance costs, partially offset by 2.8 million in interest income. 
 Total other income, net, in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 of 2.9 million consisted primarily of 5.1 million in interest income, 0.6 million in net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains due to favorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates of the Euro and Chinese Yuan and 0.5 million in subsidies received from the Jiaxing Economic Development Zone Finance Bureau related to our investment in our subsidiary, Beyond Meat (Jiaxing) Food Co., Ltd., partially offset by 3.0 million in interest expense from the amortization of convertible debt issuance costs. Total other income, net, in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 1.9 million consisted primarily of 8.4 million in interest income, partially offset by 3.0 million in interest expense from the amortization of convertible debt issuance costs and 3.3 million in net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction losses due to unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates of the Euro and Chinese Yuan. 
 Net Loss 
 Net loss in the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 26.6 million, as compared to 70.5 million in the prior-year period. Net loss per common share in the three months ended September 28, 2024 was 0.41, as compared to 1.09 in the prior-year period. The decrease in net loss was primarily driven by higher gross profit, lower operating expenses and higher Total other income (expense), net. 
 Net loss in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 115.4 million, as compared to 183.0 million in the prior-year period. Net loss per common share in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was 1.78, as compared to 2.85 in the prior-year period. The decrease in net loss was primarily due to higher gross profit, lower operating expenses, higher Total other income (expense), net and a 3.8 million reduction in losses related to TPP. Net loss in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was negatively impacted by 7.5 million in SG A expenses related to a class action settlement agreement, which is subject to final court approval, in connection with the settlement of certain consumer class action lawsuits that originated in 2022. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use the non-GAAP financial measures set forth below in assessing our operating performance and in our financial communications. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful additional information to investors about current trends in our operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons of operations. In addition, management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to assess operating performance and for business planning purposes. Management also believes these measures are widely used by investors, securities analysts, rating agencies and other parties in evaluating companies in our industry as a measure of our operational performance. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the comparable GAAP measures. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures may not be computed in the same manner as similarly titled measures used by other companies. 

47 

Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net loss adjusted to exclude, when applicable, income tax expense (benefit), interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, restructuring expenses, share-based compensation expense, accrued litigation settlement costs and Other, net, including interest income and foreign currency transaction gains and losses. 
 Adjusted EBITDA as a of net revenues is defined as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net revenues. 
 There are a number of limitations related to the use of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as a of net revenues rather than their most directly comparable GAAP measures. Some of these limitations are: 
 Adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and amortization expense and, although these are non-cash expenses, the assets being depreciated may have to be replaced in the future increasing our cash requirements; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest expense, or the cash required to service our debt, which reduces cash available to us; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect income tax payments that reduce cash available to us; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect restructuring expenses that reduce cash available to us; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect share-based compensation expense and therefore does not include all of our compensation costs; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect accrued litigation settlement costs which reduce cash available to us; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect Other, net, including interest income and foreign currency transaction gains and losses, that may increase or decrease cash available to us; and 
 other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure. 

48 

The following table presents the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to its most comparable GAAP measure, net loss, as reported (unaudited): Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net loss, as reported (26,576) (70,492) (115,416) (183,034) Income tax expense (benefit) 6 (26) 5 Interest expense 1,028 989 3,072 2,967 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 5,282 5,779 17,464 17,707 Restructuring expenses (1) 
 (4) (631) Share-based compensation expense 5,905 6,478 17,753 23,791 Accrued litigation settlement costs 7,500 Other, net (2)(3) 
 (5,405) (243) (6,005) (4,897) Adjusted EBITDA (19,760) (57,493) (75,658) (144,092) Net loss as a of net revenues (32.8) (93.6) (46.2) (67.9) Adjusted EBITDA as a of net revenues 
 (24.4) (76.3) (30.3) (53.4) 
 ____________ 
 (1) Primarily comprised of legal and other expenses associated with the dispute with a co-manufacturer with whom an exclusive supply agreement was terminated in May 2017. On October 18, 2022, the parties to this dispute entered into a confidential written settlement agreement and mutual release related to this matter. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a credit of (4,000) and (0.6) million, respectively, in restructuring expenses, primarily driven by a reversal of certain accruals. 
 (2) Includes 4.1 million in net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and (2.5) million in net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction losses in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Includes 0.6 million in net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and (3.3) million in net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction losses in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Includes 1.4 million and 2.8 million in interest income in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Includes 5.1 million and 8.4 million in interest income in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 ATM Program 
 In May 2023, we filed an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the 2023 Shelf Registration Statement with the SEC registering an indeterminate amount of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, purchase contracts and units (collectively, Company securities ). On March 18, 2024, we filed an updated shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the 2024 Shelf Registration Statement ), which the SEC declared effective on April 12, 2024 and which replaced the 2023 Shelf Registration Statement. The 2024 Shelf Registration Statement allows us to sell, from time to time and at our discretion, Company securities having an aggregate offering price of up to 250.0 million including up to 200.0 million in shares of common stock that may be sold pursuant to our equity distribution agreement (the Equity Distribution Agreement with Goldman Sachs Co. LLC Goldman Sachs ), as sales agent, under an at the market offering program (the ATM Program ). 
 Pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement, we may offer and sell common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 200.0 million from time to time to or through Goldman Sachs, as the sales agent, 

49 

subject to our compliance with applicable laws and the applicable requirements of the Equity Distribution Agreement. The Equity Distribution Agreement also requires us to pay Goldman Sachs a commission equal to 3.25 of the aggregate gross proceeds of any shares sold through Goldman Sachs pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement. We intend to use the net proceeds, if any, from sales of common stock issued under the ATM Program for general corporate and working capital purposes. The timing of any sales and the number of shares sold, if any, will depend on a variety of factors to be determined and considered by us. We are not obligated to sell any shares under the Equity Distribution Agreement. As of September 28, 2024, no sales had been made under the Equity Distribution Agreement and the ATM Program s full capacity remained available. 
 We anticipate entering into a new equity distribution agreement (the New Equity Distribution Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc., as sales agent, pursuant to the which we may offer and sell from time to time Common Stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 200.0 million under an at the market offering program (the New ATM Program ). The New ATM Program, when implemented, will fully replace the existing ATM Program with Goldman Sachs. 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 In 2021, we issued a total of 1.15 billion aggregate principal amount of 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. For a discussion about the Notes, see Note 6 , Debt, to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity Outlook 
 Our cash from operations could be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks detailed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of our 2023 10-K and Part II, Item 1A , Risk Factors and Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this report. In addition, inflation, high interest rates in certain geographic regions, overall economic conditions, concerns about the likelihood of a recession and hostilities in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, among other factors, have led to increased disruption and volatility in capital markets and credit markets generally, which could adversely affect our ability to access capital resources in the future and potentially harm our liquidity outlook. 
 We have recurring net losses and negative operating cash flows and while we are implementing a business plan focused on achieving sustainable, profitable operations over time, we expect that we will continue to operate at a loss for the foreseeable future. As part of our current business plan, we intend to continue to reduce operating expenses and utilize inventory management to reduce working capital. To further reduce operating expenses, in November 2023, we initiated our Global Operations Review, which involves narrowing our commercial focus to certain anticipated growth opportunities and accelerating activities that prioritize gross margin expansion and cash generation. These efforts have to date included, and may in the future include, the discontinuation of select product lines such as Beyond Meat Jerky; changes to our pricing architecture within certain channels including price increases of certain of our products in our U.S. retail and foodservice channels; accelerated, cash-accretive inventory reduction initiatives; further optimization of our manufacturing capacity and real estate footprint; reductions in our workforce; and the continued review of our operations in China, which may include scaling back or discontinuing some or all of our operations in China. 
 Based on our current business plan, we believe that our existing cash balances, including our anticipated cash flow from operations, will be sufficient to fund our operations and meet our foreseeable cash requirements through the next twelve months. However, our ability to meet these requirements will depend on, among other things, our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenue and cash flow from operations and our ability to manage costs and working capital successfully. Additionally, we may use our cash resources faster than we predict due to unexpected expenditures or higher-than-expected expenses due to unfavorable macroeconomic events, including inflationary pressures or otherwise, competition or other factors that are 

50 

beyond our control. We expect that we will need to raise significant additional capital through the issuance of equity and/or debt securities, and/or incur other indebtedness to continue to fund our operations and repay our indebtedness in the future. To bolster our balance sheet, subject to our compliance with applicable laws, the applicable requirements of the New Equity Distribution Agreement and market conditions, we expect to raise additional capital through the issuance of equity securities under our New ATM Program by the end of 2024, which will result in additional dilution to our stockholders and may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In addition, we continue to pursue alternatives to further bolster and restructure our balance sheet in 2025. Any issuance of equity or debt securities may be for cash or in exchange for our outstanding Notes, which could have a highly dilutive effect on current stockholders and could negatively affect the trading price of our common stock. In addition to resulting in additional dilution to our existing stockholders or negatively affecting the trading price of our common stock, any such potential financings may result in the imposition of debt covenants and repayment obligations, or other restrictions that may adversely affect our business. Furthermore, any such securities issued pursuant to potential financings may include rights that are senior to our shares of common stock. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully raise additional funds for the amounts needed or when needed, or on terms commercially acceptable, if at all. Our inability to raise required capital in the future would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our cash requirements under our significant contractual obligations and commitments are listed below in the section titled Contractual Obligations and Commitments . 
 Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend on many factors including, among others, demand in the plant-based meat category and for our products; our rate of revenue generation; the results of our Global Operations Review and the successful implementation of our ongoing cost-reduction initiatives including our continued review of our operations in China, which may include scaling back or discontinuing some or all of our operations in China; timing to adjust our supply chain and cost structure in response to material fluctuations in product demand; the number and characteristics of any additional products or manufacturing processes we develop or acquire to serve new or existing markets; our investment in and build out of our Campus Headquarters, including the timing and success of subleasing, assigning or otherwise transferring excess space or negotiating a partial lease termination at our Campus Headquarters on terms advantageous to us or at all; the success of, and expenses associated with, our marketing initiatives; our investment in manufacturing and facilities to optimize our manufacturing and production capacity, including underutilization fees, termination fees and exit costs; our investments in real property and joint ventures; the costs required to fund domestic and international operations and growth; the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing future products or improvements to existing products or manufacturing processes; any lawsuits related to our products or commenced against us, including the class actions brought against us or the derivative actions brought against certain of our current and former directors and officers; the expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel; variations in product selling prices and costs, the timing and success of changes to our pricing architecture within certain channels including price increases of certain of our products in our U.S. retail and foodservice channels, and the mix of products sold; the level of trade and promotional spending to support our products appropriately; the expenses associated with our sales force; our management of accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable and other working capital accounts; the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on our cash balances; the costs associated with being a public company; the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing intellectual property claims, including litigation costs and the outcome of such litigation; and the timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or royalties on, any future approved products, if any. 
 Our operating environment continues to be affected by uncertainty related to macroeconomic issues, including ongoing, further weakened demand in the plant-based meat category, high inflation, higher interest rates, and concerns about the likelihood of a recession, among other things, all of which have had and could continue to have unforeseen impacts on our actual realized results, including our liquidity outlook. Although in the third quarter of 2023 we met our previously stated target of achieving cash flow positive operations within the second half of 2023, this outcome included the benefit of certain transitory factors which abated and, as 

51 

such, we did not sustain free cash flow positive operations in the fourth quarter of 2023 or in the first three quarters of 2024. Our ability to make progress toward our goal of achieving sustained cash flow positive operations is dependent on a number of assumptions and uncertainties, including, without limitation, demand in the plant-based meat category and for our products; our ability to reduce costs and achieve positive gross margin; our ability to grow revenues and meet operating expense reduction targets, which may be subject to factors beyond our control; timing of capital expenditures; and our ability to monetize inventory and manage working capital. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Our primary cash needs are for operating expenses, working capital and capital expenditures to support our business. We finance our operations primarily through sales of our products and existing cash. Beginning in the first quarter of 2023 we also began generating cash through ingredient sales. From time to time, we also generate cash from sales of certain fixed assets. 
 We raised a total of 199.5 million from the sale of convertible preferred stock, including through sales of convertible notes which were converted into preferred stock, net of costs associated with such financings. In connection with our initial public offering, we sold an aggregate of 11,068,750 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 25.00 per share and received approximately 252.4 million in net proceeds. In 2019, we completed a secondary public offering of our common stock in which we sold 250,000 shares and certain selling stockholders sold 3,487,500 shares. We sold 250,000 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 160.00 per share and received approximately 37.4 million in net proceeds. 
 In 2021, we issued a total of 1.15 billion in aggregate principal amount of Notes. See Note 6 , Debt, to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. On March 18, 2024, we filed the Shelf Registration Statement with the SEC, which the SEC declared effective on April 12, 2024, in connection with our ATM Program, discussed above. As of September 28, 2024, no sales had been made under the Equity Distribution Agreement and the ATM Program s full capacity remained available. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had 121.7 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and 13.2 million in restricted cash, which was comprised of 12.6 million to secure the letter of credit delivered to our landlord as security for the performance of our obligations under the Campus Lease and 0.6 million to secure a letter of credit associated with a third party contract manufacturer in Europe. In the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the letter of credit associated with the third party contract manufacturer was renegotiated and reduced from 2.8 million at December 31, 2023 to 0.6 million at September 28, 2024. 
 We anticipate that we will raise additional capital in 2024 and 2025, which may include the issuance of debt or equity securities, including through our New ATM Program, subject to our compliance with applicable laws, the applicable requirements of the New Equity Distribution Agreement and market conditions, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully raise additional funds for the amounts needed or when needed, or on terms commercially acceptable, if at all. See Liquidity Outlook above for additional information. 

52 

Cash Flows 
 The following table presents the major components of net cash flows used in operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated (unaudited): 
 Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash used in: Operating activities (69,861) (79,282) Investing activities (10) (9,340) Financing activities (1,282) (388) 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 In the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we incurred a net loss of 115.4 million, which was the primary reason for net cash used in operating activities of 69.9 million. Net cash inflows from changes in our operating assets and liabilities were 1.5 million, primarily from a decrease in raw materials and packaging, and work in process inventories, an increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets, partially offset by an increase in prepaid lease costs, non-current, an increase in accounts receivable, a decrease in operating lease liabilities and a decrease in accounts payable. Net loss in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 included 44.0 million in non-cash expenses primarily comprised of share-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expense, non-cash lease expense, amortization of debt issuance costs and unrealized gain on foreign currency exchange transactions. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred a net loss of 183.0 million, which was the primary reason for net cash used in operating activities of 79.3 million. Net cash inflows from changes in our operating assets and liabilities were 39.0 million, primarily due to a decrease in inventory purchases, an increase in accounts payable and a decrease in prepaid expenses and current assets, partially offset by cash outflows due to an increase in prepaid lease costs related to our Campus Headquarters, a decrease in operating lease liabilities, a decrease in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and an increase in accounts receivable. Net loss in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included 64.7 million in non-cash expenses primarily comprised of share-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expense, our portion of the losses in TPP, loss on sales of fixed assets and the write-off of an uncollectible note receivable. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was 17.5 million and 17.7 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities primarily relates to capital expenditures to support our investment in property, plant and equipment, offset by proceeds from sales of certain fixed assets. 
 In the nine months ended September 28, 2024, net cash used in investing activities was 10,000 and consisted of 4.5 million in cash outflows for purchases of property, plant and equipment, primarily driven by investments in production equipment and facilities, partially offset by 4.1 million in proceeds from sales of certain fixed assets and 0.4 million in proceeds from the return of security deposits. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in investing activities was 9.3 million and consisted of cash outflows for purchases of property, plant and equipment, primarily driven by investments in production equipment and facilities, and 3.3 million in investment in TPP that was previously committed, partially offset by 2.5 million in proceeds from sales of certain fixed assets. 

53 

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 
 In the nine months ended September 28, 2024, net cash used in financing activities was 1.3 million, primarily from 0.7 million in payments under finance lease obligations and 0.6 million in payments of minimum withholding taxes on net share settlement of equity awards. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was 0.4 million, primarily from 0.4 million in payments of minimum withholding taxes on net share settlement of equity awards and 0.2 million in payments under finance lease obligations, partially offset by 0.2 million in proceeds from stock option exercises. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 There have been no significant changes during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 to the contractual obligations disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations set forth in the 2023 10-K, other than the following: 
 Leases 
 In 2021, we entered into the Campus Lease with HC Hornet Way, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Landlord ), to house our Campus Headquarters. Although we are involved in the design of the tenant improvements of the Campus Headquarters, we do not have title or possession of the assets during construction. In addition, we do not have the ability to control the leased Campus Headquarters until each phase of the tenant improvements is complete. We paid 4.9 million and 4.2 million in rent prepayments and payments towards construction costs of the Campus Headquarters in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023, respectively. The rent prepayments and payments towards construction costs are initially recorded in Prepaid lease costs, non-current in our condensed consolidated balance sheets and will ultimately be reclassified as a component of a right-of-use asset upon lease commencement for each phase of the lease. We began recognizing a right-of-use asset and lease liability for Phase1-A in our condensed consolidated balance sheet in the year ended December 31, 2022 and for Phase 1-B in our condensed consolidated balance sheet in the second quarter ended July 1, 2023. On September 17, 2024, we entered into an amendment to the Campus Lease, which amendment: (i) revised the square footage of the premises, building and project to: (a) increase our base rent by approximately 851,000 over the initial lease term; (b) adjust our percentage share of direct expenses; and (c) increase the tenant improvement allowance to reflect a reduction in the scope of landlord s work; (ii) specify which improvements must be removed by us from the premises if the premises are not occupied in their entirety throughout the initial lease term and first extension term; and (iii) address other ministerial matters concerning the Campus Lease. Aggregate payments towards base rent over the initial lease term associated with the remaining phases not yet delivered to us are approximately 79.6 million. 
 Concurrent with our execution of the Campus Lease, we delivered to the Landlord a letter of credit in the amount of 12.5 million as security for the performance of our obligations under the Campus Lease, which amount will decrease to: (i) 6.3 million on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Rent Commencement Date (as defined in the Campus Lease); (ii) 3.1 million on the eighth (8th) anniversary of the Rent Commencement Date; and (iii) 0 in the event the Company receives certain credit ratings; provided the Company is not then in default of its obligations under the Campus Lease. 
 The letter of credit is secured by a 12.6 million deposit included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as Restricted cash, non-current as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023. See Note 3 , Leases , and Note 9 , Commitments and Contingencies , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 On January 31, 2024, the lease on our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center expired. 

54 

Given our intention to reduce our overall operating expenses and cash expenditures, on February 2, 2024, we terminated the agreement to purchase a property adjacent to our manufacturing facility in Enschede, the Netherlands (the Enschede Property and the security deposit was returned to us and subsequently paid to the purchaser of the property to be applied towards the deposit and future lease payments. We entered into a lease agreement with the purchaser of the property to lease the approximately 114,000 square foot property for an initial period of five years with an option to renew for an additional five years at an annual rent of approximately 1.0 million. This lease is classified as a finance lease in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 28, 2024. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 In 2022, we entered into a co-manufacturing agreement Agreement with a co-manufacturer to manufacture various products for us. The Agreement included a minimum order quantity commitment per month and an aggregate quantity over a five-year term. On November 21, 2023, we terminated the Agreement because the co-manufacturer failed to meet its obligations under the Agreement and recorded 4.4 million in termination-related charges. In March 2024, the co-manufacturer brought an action against us in a confidential arbitration proceeding. See Note 9 , Commitments and Contingencies Litigation Arbitration with Former Co-Manufacturer , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had committed to purchase pea protein inventory totaling 19.8 million, with 2.7 million in the remainder of 2024 and 17.1 million in 2025. As of September 28, 2024, we had also committed to purchase flavor ingredients inventory totaling 4.3 million, with 1.4 million in the remainder of 2024 and 2.9 million in 2025. In addition, as of September 28, 2024, we had approximately 10.3 million in purchase order commitments for capital expenditures to purchase property, plant and equipment including machinery and equipment, payments for which will be due within twelve months. 
 Settlement of Consumer Class Actions Regarding Protein Claims 
 On May 6, 2024, we entered into a confidential binding settlement term sheet with respect to certain consumer class action lawsuits that originated in 2022. On July 8, 2024, the parties entered into a class action settlement agreement, pursuant to which we agreed to contribute 7.5 million to a settlement fund in full satisfaction of all settlement costs and attorneys fees, which is subject to final court approval. See Note 9, Commitments and Contingencies Litigation Consumer Class Actions Regarding Protein Claims , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 Since the settlement is subject to final court approval, the timing of payments is uncertain; although we paid 250,000 in August 2024, with the remainder anticipated to be paid in 2025. We recorded 7.5 million in SG A expenses in our condensed consolidated statement of operations in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, paid 250,000 in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and included 7.25 million in Accrued litigation settlement costs in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements or any holdings in variable interest entities. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 In preparing our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities that are reported in the financial statements and accompanying disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions. To the extent that there are differences 

55 

between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. 
 There have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to those disclosed in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies in the 2023 10-K. 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 Please refer to Note 2 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report for a discussion of recently adopted accounting pronouncements and new accounting pronouncements that may impact us. 

56 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including fluctuations in interest rates, raw material prices, foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and inflation as follows: 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our cash consists of amounts held by third-party financial institutions. Our investment policy has as its primary objective investment activities which preserve principal without significantly increasing risk. 
 In 2021, we issued a total of 1.15 billion aggregate principal amount of 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027. The proceeds from the issuance of the Notes were approximately 1.0 billion, net of capped call transaction costs of 84.0 million and debt issuance costs totaling 23.6 million. See Note 6 , Debt, to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. The Notes do not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of the Notes do not accrete. However, special interest and additional interest may accrue on the Notes at a rate per annum not exceeding 0.50 (subject to certain exceptions) upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the failure to file certain SEC reports or to remove certain restrictive legends from the Notes. 
 Ingredient Risk 
 We are exposed to risk related to the price and availability of our ingredients because our profitability is dependent on, among other things, our ability to anticipate and react to raw material and food costs. Currently, the main ingredient in our products is pea protein, which is sourced from peas grown in the United States, France and Canada. The prices of pea protein and other ingredients we use are subject to many factors beyond our control, such as the number and size of farms that grow yellow peas, the vagaries of the farming businesses, including poor harvests due to adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and pestilence, and changes in national and world economic conditions. In addition, we purchase some ingredients and other materials offshore, and the price and availability of such ingredients and materials may be affected by political events or other conditions in these countries or tariffs or trade wars. 
 In the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, a hypothetical 10 increase or 10 decrease in the weighted-average cost of pea protein, our primary ingredient, would have resulted in an increase of approximately 0.7 million and 2.3 million, respectively, or a decrease of approximately 0.7 million and 2.3 million, respectively, to cost of goods sold. We are working to diversify our sources of supply and intend to enter into long-term contracts to better ensure stability of prices of our raw materials. As of September 28, 2024, we had a multi-year sales agreement with Roquette which expires in December 2025. See Note 9 , Commitments and Contingencies , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal business operations. These risks include the translation of local currency balances of foreign subsidiaries, transaction gains and losses associated with intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries and transactions denominated in currencies other than a location's functional currency. Our foreign entities use their local currency as the functional currency. For these entities, we translate net assets into U.S. dollars at period end exchange rates, while revenue and expense accounts are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the periods being reported. Resulting currency translation adjustments are included in Accumulated other comprehensive income and foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in Other, net. Transaction gains and losses on long-term intra-entity transactions are recorded as a component of Other comprehensive loss. Transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting entity s functional currency may give rise to transaction gains and losses that impact our results of operations. 

57 

Our foreign currency exchange risk is primarily related to our intercompany balances denominated in various foreign currencies. We have exposure to the European Euro and the Chinese Yuan. Foreign currency translation (loss) gain, net of tax, reported as cumulative translation adjustment through Other comprehensive (loss) income was (1.2) million and 0.3 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains (losses) included in Other, net were 4.1 million and (2.5) million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Foreign currency translation (loss) gain, net of tax, reported as cumulative translation adjustments through Other comprehensive (loss) income was (0.3) million and 0.1 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Net realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains (losses) included in Other, net were 0.6 million and (3.3) million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Based on the intercompany balances as of September 28, 2024, an assumed 5 or 10 adverse change to foreign currency exchange rates would result in a loss of approximately 5.8 million and 11.6 million, respectively, recorded in Other, net in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Although we have seen inflation in certain raw materials, and in the cost of logistics and labor, we do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on the costs of our inputs to date. Although difficult to quantify, we believe inflation is likely having an adverse effect on our end customers ability to purchase our products, resulting in decreased sales. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. For additional information, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Inflationary price pressures of raw materials, labor, transportation, fuel or other inputs used by us and our suppliers, including the effects of higher interest rates, has negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, our business and results of operations in Part I, Item 1A , Risk Factors , in our 2023 10-K. 

58 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 28, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected. 

59 

Part II. Other Information 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We establish an accrued liability for legal matters when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and estimable. For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 9 , Commitments and Contingencies , of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. Although the outcome of these and other claims cannot be predicted with certainty, other than the settlement of certain actions, management is not currently able to estimate the reasonable possible amount of loss or range of loss and does not believe that it is probable that the ultimate resolution of the current matters will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, the final results of any current or future proceeding cannot be predicted with certainty, and until there is final resolution on any such matter that we may be required to accrue for, we may be exposed to loss in excess of the amount accrued. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our 2023 10-K, as updated and supplemented below and in our subsequent filings. These risks could materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Additional factors and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. 
 Risk Factors 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP or any future impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and operating results. 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP involves making estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets (including intangible assets), liabilities, revenues and expenses. This includes estimates, judgments and assumptions for assessing the recoverability of our assets, pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board issued authoritative guidance. If any estimates, judgments or assumptions change in the future, the Company may be required to record additional expenses and/or impairment charges. See Part 1, Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business The Company is subject to accounting estimate risks in the 2023 10-K. 
 We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under assumptions or conditions that may change in the future. While we believe the assumptions and estimates we make are reasonable, any changes to our assumptions or estimates, or any actual results which differ from our assumptions or estimates, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and operating results. Improper design and implementation of internal controls related to the estimates could result in misstatement of financial reports. 
 We perform an asset impairment analysis on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that a long-lived asset group may not be recoverable. Failure to achieve forecasted operating results, due to weakness in the economic environment or other factors, changes in market conditions and declines in our market capitalization, our continued review of our operations in China which may include 

60 

scaling back or discontinuing some or all of our operations in China, failure to negotiate a partial lease termination or sublease, assign or otherwise transfer the unoccupied space of our Campus Headquarters, among other things, could result in impairment of our assets and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Risks Related to Our Investments 
 Our manufacturing operations in China and Europe require substantial investments and are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties. We continue to review and evaluate our operations in China, which may result in scaling back or discontinuing some or all of our operations in China and may result in significant write-downs or impairment charges in the future. 
 Our substantial investment in manufacturing facilities in China and Europe may expose us to substantial risks and, as a result, we may not realize a return on our investment. Unforeseen delays in the operations of our Chinese or European manufacturing facilities may cause us to incur additional expenses. Operating these facilities may require additional capital expenditures and the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel, which will divert resources from our existing business or operations. Our Chinese and European facilities may not provide us with all of the operational and financial benefits we expect to receive. These and other risks may result in our not realizing a return on, or losing some or all, of our planned investments in China and Europe, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and financial performance. 
 We continue to review and evaluate our operations in China which may include scaling back or discontinuing some or all of our operations in China. If we discontinue some or cease operations altogether in China, we expect to incur non-cash charges such as provision for excess and obsolete inventory and impairment charges, accelerated depreciation on write-offs and disposals of fixed assets, and losses on sale and write-down of fixed assets, as well as certain cash and non-cash charges such as contract termination charges, lease exit and related costs, severance payments and other related costs. These charges may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 
 Risks Related to Our Lease Obligations, Indebtedness, Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 
 If the build out of our Campus Headquarters is delayed or incurs cost overruns, does not operate in accordance with our expectations, or if we are unable to build out or occupy the rest of the Campus Headquarters and cannot negotiate a partial lease termination, or sublease, assign or otherwise transfer the unoccupied space on terms favorable to us or at all, which may result in penalty payments, impairment charges and/or write-offs, our business or financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 In 2021, we entered into a lease agreement for an initial term of 12 years to develop and house our Campus Headquarters. The Campus Headquarters is being built out by the Landlord, who delivered Phase 1-A of the Campus Headquarters to us in the third quarter of 2022 and Phase 1-B of the Campus Headquarters to us in the second quarter of 2023. We currently do not have firm timing on the delivery of the rest of the Campus Headquarters. If we cannot complete development of the Campus Headquarters for any reason or within the approved budget, or if there are significant cost overruns and/or delays in the development of the Campus Headquarters, our cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we may not be able to build out or occupy the rest of the Campus Headquarters and are considering subleasing, assigning or otherwise transferring the unoccupied space, or negotiating a partial lease termination but may be unable to enter into or negotiate such an agreement or partial termination, which could have an adverse effect on our operating and financial results. An agreement to partially terminate, sublease, assign or otherwise transfer the unoccupied part of the Campus Headquarters would be subject to certain risks and uncertainties. For example, the agreement may not be completed on terms advantageous to us because the rental rate we receive under the agreement may not fully cover the rental rate we pay under the Campus Lease for the same space or our subtenants may fail to make lease payments, which may result in impairment charges for right-of-use assets and prepaid lease costs and could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, a partial termination of the lease could result in a penalty 

61 

payment to exit the lease and non-cash write-off of prepaid lease costs which could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, the period in which the improvement allowance was available to us to fund the build out of the Campus Headquarters ended on September 30, 2024 under the Campus Lease. Our inability to use the improvement allowance to build out the rest of the Campus Headquarters may limit us from further developing and occupying, or subleasing, assigning, or otherwise transferring the rest of the Campus Headquarters. Further, there could be unanticipated difficulties in initiating and maintaining operations at the Campus Headquarters, including, but not limited to, IT system interruptions, other infrastructure support problems or the Campus Headquarters may prove less conducive to our operations than currently anticipated. These risks could all result in operational inefficiencies or similar difficulties that could prove difficult or impossible to remedy and could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our significant indebtedness and liabilities could limit the cash flow available for our operations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to satisfy our obligations under our Notes. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had approximately 1.3 billion of consolidated indebtedness and other liabilities. We may also incur additional indebtedness to meet future financing needs. Our indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our security holders and our business, results of operations and financial condition by, among other things: 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing; 
 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, which will reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes; 
 limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; 
 diluting the interests of our existing stockholders as a result of issuing shares of our common stock upon conversion or exchange of the Notes (as defined below) which may also reduce the trading price of our common stock; and 
 placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital. 
 In 2021, we issued a total of 1.15 billion aggregate principal amount of our 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our current or future indebtedness, including the Notes, as applicable, depends on our future performance and our ability to raise additional capital, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to refinance the Notes on terms satisfactory to us, or at all. Such financing and other potential financings could result in substantial dilution to stockholders, and could result in the reduction in the trading price of our common stock, imposition of debt covenants and repayment obligations, or other restrictions that may adversely affect our business. Based on our current business plan, we expect that we will be required to raise additional capital to pay amounts due under our current or future indebtedness, including the Notes, and our cash needs may increase in the future. In addition, any future indebtedness that we may incur may contain financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to operate our business, raise capital or make payments under our other indebtedness. If we fail to comply with these covenants or to make payments under our indebtedness when due, then we would be in default under that indebtedness, which could, in turn, result in that and our other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. 

62 

We will require additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, may force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product manufacturing and development, and other operations. 
 Since our inception, substantially all of our resources have been dedicated to the development of our three core plant-based product platforms of beef, pork and poultry, including purchases of property, plant and equipment, principally to support the development and production of our products, the build-out and equipping of our former Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center and our Innovation Center within our Campus Headquarters, and the purchase, build-out and equipping of manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and abroad. We have and believe that we will continue to expend resources as we expand into additional markets we may choose to pursue. These expenditures are expected to include costs associated with research and development, manufacturing and supply, as well as marketing and selling existing and new products. In addition, other unanticipated costs may arise. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of 134.9 million. In the near term, subject to our compliance with applicable laws, the applicable requirements of the New Equity Distribution Agreement and market conditions, we expect to raise additional capital through the issuance of equity securities under our New ATM Program by the end of 2024, which will result in additional dilution to our stockholders and may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In addition, we continue to pursue alternatives to further bolster and restructure our balance sheet in 2025, through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, including strategic collaborations. For example, on March 18, 2024, we filed the 2024 Shelf Registration Statement, which the SEC declared effective on April 12, 2024 and which replaced the 2023 Shelf Registration Statement. The 2024 Shelf Registration Statement allows us to sell, from time to time and at our discretion, Company securities having an aggregate offering price of up to 250.0 million including up to 200.0 million in shares of common stock that may be sold. Any issuance of equity or debt securities may be for cash or in exchange for our outstanding Notes, which could have a highly dilutive effect on current stockholders and could negatively affect the trading price of our common stock. In addition to resulting in additional dilution to our existing stockholders or negatively affecting the trading price of our common stock, any such potential financings may result in the imposition of debt covenants and repayment obligations, or other restrictions that may adversely affect our business. Furthermore, any such securities issued pursuant to potential financings may include rights that are senior to our shares of common stock. In addition, the capital markets may experience extreme volatility and disruption, including high interest rates in certain geographic regions and higher borrowing costs, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, including our ability to access the capital markets to raise capital and meet liquidity needs. We may be unable to raise additional capital for reasons including, without limitation, our operational and/or financial performance, investor confidence in us and the plant-based meat industry, credit availability from banks and other financial institutions and the status of current projects. If we cannot access the capital markets upon favorable terms or at all, it could adversely affect our business and financial position. 
 Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend on many factors, including, among others: 
 demand in the plant-based meat category and for our products; 
 our rate of revenue generation; 
 the results of our review of our global operations and the successful implementation of our ongoing cost-reduction initiatives including our continued review of our operations in China, which may include scaling back or discontinuing some or all of our operations in China; 
 timing to adjust our supply chain and cost structure in response to material fluctuations in product demand; 
 the number and characteristics of any additional products or manufacturing processes we develop or acquire to serve new or existing markets; 

63 

our investment in and build out of our Campus Headquarters, including the timing and success of subleasing, assigning or otherwise transferring excess space or negotiating a partial lease termination at our Campus Headquarters on terms advantageous to us or at all; 
 the success of, and expenses associated with, our marketing initiatives; 
 our investment in manufacturing and facilities to optimize our manufacturing and production capacity, including underutilization fees, termination fees and exit costs; 
 our investments in real property and joint ventures; 
 the costs required to fund domestic and international operations and growth; 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing future products or improvements to existing products or manufacturing processes; 
 any lawsuits related to our products or commenced against us, including the class actions brought against us or the derivative actions brought against certain of our current and former directors and officers; 
 the expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel; 
 variations in product selling prices and costs; 
 the timing and success of changes to our pricing architecture within certain channels including price increases of certain of our products in our U.S. retail and foodservice channels, and the mix of products sold; 
 the level of trade and promotional spending to support our products appropriately; 
 the expenses associated with our sales force; our management of accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable and other working capital accounts; 
 the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on our cash balances; 
 the costs associated with being a public company; 
 the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing intellectual property claims, including litigation costs and the outcome of such litigation; and 
 the timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or royalties on, any future approved products, if any. 
 Additional funds may not be available when we need them, on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely basis, we may be required to: 
 delay, limit, reduce or terminate our manufacturing, research and development activities; or 
 delay, limit, reduce or terminate our establishment of sales and marketing capabilities or other activities that may be necessary to generate revenue and achieve profitability. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our business plan objectives or be able to achieve or maintain cash-flow positive operating results. If we are unable to generate adequate funds from operations and/or raise sufficient additional funds, we may not be able to repay our existing debt, including the Notes, continue to operate our business, respond to competitive pressures or fund our operations. As a result, we may be required to significantly reduce, reorganize, discontinue or shut down our operations. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Compliance Matters, Litigation and Legal Proceedings 
 Any changes in, or changes in the interpretation of, applicable laws, regulations or policies of the FDA or U.S. Department of Agriculture (the USDA ), state regulators or similar foreign regulatory authorities that relate to the use of the word meat or other similar words in connection with plant-based meat products could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition. 
 The FDA and the USDA, state regulators or similar foreign regulatory authorities, such as Health Canada or the CFIA, or authorities of the U.K., the EU or the EU member states, or China, including the State Administration for Market Regulation and its local counterpart agencies, could take action to impact our ability to use the term meat or similar words (such as beef, burger or sausage, including the Beyond Meat logo of the Caped Longhorn superhero) to describe or advertise our products. In addition, a food may be deemed misbranded if its labeling is false or misleading in any particular way, and the FDA, CFIA, EU member state 

64 

authorities or other regulators could interpret the use of the term meat or any similar phrase(s) to describe our plant-based meat products as false or misleading or likely to create an erroneous impression regarding their composition. 
 For example, in 2018, the state of Missouri passed a law prohibiting any person engaged in advertising, offering for sale, or sale of food products from misrepresenting a product as meat that is not derived from harvested production livestock or poultry. The state of Missouri Department of Agriculture has clarified its interpretation that products which include prominent disclosure that the product is made from plants, or comparable disclosure such as through the use of the phrase plant-based, are not misrepresented under the Missouri law. Additional states, including Arkansas, Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Texas and Wyoming, have subsequently passed similar laws, and legislation that would impose specific requirements on the naming of plant-based meat products has been introduced, but not enacted, in other states. The United States Congress considered (but did not pass) federal legislation, called the Real MEAT Act, that could require changes to our product labeling and marketing, including identifying products as imitation meat products, and that would give USDA certain oversight over the labeling of plant-based meat products. If similar bills gain traction and ultimately become law, we could be required to identify our products as imitation on our product labels. Further, the FDA has announced that it is developing guidance on naming plant-based meat alternatives that could impact our naming expectations. Canadian Food and Drug Regulations also provide requirements for simulated meat products, including requirements around composition and naming. 
 In Europe, the Agriculture Committee of the European Parliament proposed in May 2019 to reserve the use of meat and meat-related terms and names for products that are manufactured from the edible parts of animals. In October 2020, the European Parliament rejected the adoption of this provision. In the absence of European Union legislation, it was unclear whether member states remained free to establish national restrictions on meat-related names. In June 2020, France adopted a law prohibiting names to indicate foodstuffs of animal origin to describe, market or promote foodstuffs containing vegetable proteins. In October 2021, France published a draft implementing decree (the Contested Decree to define, for example, the sanctions in case of non-compliance with the new law, and the Contested Decree went into effect in 2022. At the time, the Company took the view that the Contested Decree did not comply with the laws of the EU, in particular the principle of free movement of goods. In July 2022, at the request of a trade association, the French High Administrative Court partially suspended the execution of the Contested Decree. The Company filed an application for annulment against the Contested Decree and intervened in favor of the trade association in their pending case against the Contested Decree. Several plant-based companies filed voluntary intervention in support of the Company s case on April 20, 2023. On July 12, 2023, the French High Administrative Court decided to refer the case to the Court of Justice of the European Union ("CJEU"). The CJEU was asked to decide on the lawfulness of the Contested Decree banning meaty names for plant-based protein under EU law. The procedure before the CJEU started on August 22, 2023, and the Company filed its submission on October 31, 2023. On January 15, 2024, the CJEU closed the written procedure. The period to request an oral hearing closed on February 5, 2024. 
 In parallel to the litigation before the CJEU against the Contested Decree, on August 23, 2023, France published a proposal for a new decree replacing the Contested Decree New Decree ). The New Decree has removed some of the Contested Decree s most open-ended language, but essentially maintains the prohibition on meaty names for plant-based proteins. The New Decree was subject to administrative review procedure by the European Commission (the EU s executive body) and the EU member states other than France. The six-months standstill period under that procedure ended on February 23, 2024. The Company supported plant-based protein trade associations against the New Decree. On February 26, 2024, the New Decree was adopted. However, on April 10, 2024, the French High Administrative Court decided once again to postpone the applicability of the New Decree. The interim relief judge noted that there were serious doubts as to whether such national measures could be adopted based on EU law, which had already prompted the CJEU litigation. 
 In this context, on March 1, 2024, the CJEU requested the French High Administrative Court to provide its view on the impact of the adoption of the New Decree on the litigation against the Contested Decree, and 

65 

whether it should be declared moot or it should be allowed to proceed. On March 14, 2024, the French High Administrative Court responded to the CJEU's request for information asking it to rule in the current proceedings. On April 15, 2024, the CJEU decided that the litigation against the Contested Decree would proceed, and that an oral hearing was not necessary. On October 4, 2024, the CJEU rendered its judgment. 
 The judgment of the CJEU determined that the manner in which the Contested Decree seeks to ban meat names for plant-based foods is unlawful under EU law. It sets a precedent on the extent to which EU Member States may regulate the naming of plant-based foods at the national level in the absence of harmonization at the EU level. In its judgment, the CJEU also ruled that meat is defined under EU law as edible parts of certain animals. The Company is taking the view that the court s interpretation only affects the use of the term in the sales denomination on the label and not the use of the term in marketing and advertising materials. The case will now revert back to the French High Administrative Court, which is bound by the CJEU s judgment and is expected to render its judgment later this year or in 2025. 
 France was the first EU member state to adopt such a law, but others followed. On December 16, 2023, an Italian law prohibiting names to indicate foodstuffs of animal origin to describe, market or promote foodstuffs containing vegetable proteins Italian Law entered into force. The Italian Law requires the Ministry of Agriculture to adopt a decree with the names that may not be used to describe plant-based products by February 16, 2024. However, on January 29, 2024, the European Commission issued a formal letter informing the Italian government that the Italian Law was adopted in violation of EU law, and is thus not applicable or enforceable. On February 28, 2024, the Italian Minister for Agriculture confirmed that the adoption of an implementing decree is currently suspended. We are not aware of any steps taken by the Italian government to adopt the implementing decree, nor have the authorities attempted to enforce the Italian Law. The judgment of the CJEU concerning the French ban will likely affect the approach taken by Italy in the future. 
 Separately, on December 5, 2023, Poland published a draft decree banning the use of meaty names to designate plant-based products. We are not aware of any additional developments in the legislative process. In June 2024, a Polish association of breeders requested that the Ministry of Agriculture advance the decree and regulate the use of meaty names. The judgment of the CJEU concerning the French ban will likely affect the approach taken by Poland in the future. 
 The CJEU judgment has provided clarification on the ability of EU Member States to adopt national legislation with respect to sales denominations for plant-based products in the absence of harmonization at the EU level. EU Member States may reflect on the CJEU judgment and take a position on whether to adopt national measures. Such measures could affect our ability to use certain terms for our plant-based products in the future. 
 Moreover, in light of the CJEU judgment, EU member state regulatory authorities may take action with respect to the use of the term meat or similar terms in advertising materials and other labeling (beyond the sales denomination), such that we are unable to use those terms with respect to our plant-based products, we could be subject to enforcement action or recall of our products marketed with these terms, we may be required to modify our marketing strategy, or required to identify our products as imitation in our product labels, and our business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and have a negative impact on our reputation or business. 
 From time to time, we may be party to various claims and litigation proceedings. We evaluate these claims and litigation proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we may establish reserves, as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our assessments and estimates. For information regarding pending legal proceedings, please see Part II 

66 

Item 1, Legal Proceedings, and Note 9 , Commitments and Contingencies , to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 Even when not merited, the defense of these lawsuits may divert our management s attention, and we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. The results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some of these legal disputes may result in adverse monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, cash flows or results of operations. Any claims or litigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete effectively or to obtain adequate insurance in the future. 
 Furthermore, while we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to self-insured retentions, various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. Even if we believe a claim is covered by insurance, insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing and, if the insurers prevail, the amount of our recovery. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2024, none of our directors or executive officers of the Company , modified or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as such term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

67 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form Date Number 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 10-Q 6/12/2019 3.1 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 8-K 2/13/2024 3.1 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate. 
 S-1/A 3/27/2019 4.1 4.2 Description of Registrant s Securities. 
 10-K 3/01/2023 4.3 4.3 Indenture, dated as of March 5, 2021, between Beyond Meat, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 8-K 3/05/2021 4.1 4.4 Form of certificate representing 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2021). 
 8-K 3/05/2021 4.1 10.1 First Amendment dated as of September 17, 2024 to the Lease dated January 14, 2021, by and between Registrant and HC Hornet Way, LLC . 
 X 10.2 Stock Ownership Guidelines for Outside Directors . 
 X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101 The following financial statements from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X _________________ This certification is deemed furnished, and not filed, with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Beyond Meat, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

68 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 BEYOND MEAT, INC. Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Ethan Brown Ethan Brown President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Lubi Kutua 
 Lubi Kutua Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

69 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101firstamendmenttolease.htm
 EX-10.1 FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 
 
 EXECUTION COPY 

 FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE 
 
 This First Amendment to Lease (this Amendment is dated as of September 17, 2024, and is made by and between HC Hornet Way, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Landlord and Beyond Meat, Inc., a Delaware corporation Tenant ), with respect to the following facts and circumstances 
 
 A. Landlord and Tenant executed that certain Lease dated January 14, 2021 (the Original Lease for certain premises described therein consisting of approximately 281,110 rentable square feet (the Premises ). Initially capitalized terms not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Original Lease. 
 
 B. Tenant requested that the scope of Landlord s Work be reduced (as contemplated by Section 1.2.2 of the Original Lease), and Tenant and Landlord have agreed upon an increase in the Tenant Improvement Allowance that Tenant shall receive as a result thereof, as more fully set forth in this Amendment. 
 
 C. Landlord caused the Premises to be remeasured in accordance with Section 1.3 of the Lease, which requires a revision of the stated area of the Premises and the Building (and a revision of the amounts, percentages and figures appearing or referred to in the Original Lease that are based thereon), as more fully set forth in this Amendment. 
 
 D. Certain of the Tenant Improvements have been approved by Landlord on the condition that Tenant restore such areas to their original condition upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease, as more fully set forth in this Amendment. 
 
 E. Tenant requested Landlord s consent to install a backup generator within a portion of the Project that presently is Common Area, and Landlord is willing to permit Tenant to install a backup generator within such area, as more fully set forth in this Amendment. 
 
 F. Certain changes to Tenant s anticipated occupancy schedule require changes to the Phased Premises Delivery Dates, as more fully set forth in this Amendment. 
 
 G. Pursuant to Ordinance No. 1594, adopted by the El Segundo City Council on November 19, 2019 and codified by Chapter 34 of the Zoning Code of the City of El Segundo (the Ordinance and as a condition to the issuance of a Certificate of Occupancy for the Premises (or portion thereof), Tenant either (1) must acquire and install artwork on or in the vicinity of the Project site that is visible, accessible, and compatible with the Building and Project (individually and collectively, Artwork ), or (2) pay to the City of El Segundo an in-lieu fee. Tenant elected to acquire and install Artwork at the Project, and Landlord is willing to permit such Artwork to be installed at the Project, in accordance with the Ordinance and this Amendment. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows 
 
 1. Reduction in Scope of Landlord s Work Increase in Tenant Improvement Allowance . Pursuant to Section 1.2.2 of the Original Lease, Tenant provided Notice to Landlord requesting that Landlord not complete certain then-uncompleted elements of Landlord s Work and on account thereof, Landlord and Tenant have agreed that the Tenant Improvement Allowance shall be increased by 1,105,586.00, allocated among the Phases as Tenant shall determine. 
 2. Rent Commencement Date and Lease Expiration Date . 
 2.1 The Rent Commencement Date is November 9, 2021 because the BSC Completion Date was April 13, 2021, and the Rent Commencement Date is on a date 210 days following the BSC Completion Date. Accordingly, the Lease Expiration Date is November 30, 2033, in accordance with Section 7.5 of the Summary. 
 2.2 The Notice of Lease Term Dates attached to the Original Lease as Exhibit C is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with Exhibit 1 attached hereto. 
 3. Revision of Premises, Building and Project Area . 
 3.1 Remeasurement . Landlord has caused Stevenson to remeasure the Premises and the Building pursuant to Section 1.3 of the Original Lease. Based on the Stevenson Space Accounting Book, dated September 27, 2022 (the Revised Stevenson Accounting 
 (a) the area of the Premises is hereby adjusted to 282,085 rentable square feet (from 281,110 rentable square feet), and each reference to 281,110 rentable square feet in the Original Lease is hereby amended by deleting it and replacing it with 282,085 rentable square feet 
 (b) the area of the Building is hereby adjusted to 390,615 rentable square feet (from 388,989 rentable square feet), and each reference to 388,989 rentable square feet in the Original Lease is hereby amended by deleting it and replacing it with 390,615 rentable square feet and 
 (c) the area of the Project is hereby adjusted to 404,615 rentable square feet (from 402,989 rentable square feet), and the reference to 402,989 rentable square feet in the Original Lease is hereby amended by deleting it and replacing it with 404,615 rentable square feet . 
 3.2 Premises Area . Section 6 of the Summary set forth in the Original Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 2 

6. Premises Article 1 
 Suites A, B, C, D, E and G in the Building, consisting of approximately 282,085 rentable square feet of space. The portion of the Premises shown on Exhibit A-1 is sometimes referred to as Phase I-A , consisting of approximately 72,351 rentable square feet of space the portion of the 
 Premises shown on Exhibit A-2 is sometimes referred to as Phase I-B , consisting of approximately 69,117 rentable square feet of space the portion of the Premises shown on Exhibit A-3 is sometimes referred to as Phase II-A , consisting of approximately 40,536 rentable square feet of space the portion of the Premises shown on Exhibit A-4 is sometimes referred to as Phase II-B (Phase II-A and Phase II-B are collectively referred to as Phase II ), consisting of approximately 61,566 rentable square feet of space and the portion of the Premises shown on Exhibit A-5 is sometimes referred to as Phase III , consisting of approximately 38,514 rentable square feet of space. Phase I-A, Phase I-B, Phase II- A, Phase II-B and Phase III are sometimes individually referred to as a Phase and collectively as Phases . 
 
 3 

3.3 Base Rent Schedule . Section 8 of the Summary set forth in the Original Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 8. Base Rent Article 3 
 
 Months of Initial Lease Term 
 Monthly Installment of Base Rent 
 1 through 12 
 0.00 
 13 through 19 
 494,065.66 
 20 through 24 
 850,310.32 
 25 
 875,819.63 
 26 through 36 
 1,109,478.82 
 37 through 48 
 1,142,763.19 
 49 through 60 
 1,177,046.08 
 61 through 72 
 1,212,357.47 
 73 through 84 
 1,248,728.19 
 85 through 96 
 1,286,190.04 
 97 through 108 
 1,324,775.74 
 109 through 120 
 1,364,519.01 
 121 through 132 
 1,405,454.58 
 133 through 144 
 1,447,618.22 

3.4 Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses Schedule . Section 9 of the Summary set forth in the Original Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 9. Tenant s Share of Direct Expenses Article 4 
 Prior to the Rent Commencement Date (i.e., November 9, 2021) 0 . 
 From the Rent Commencement Date (i.e., November 9, 2021) until the earlier of (i) the date Tenant actually occupies more than 129,081 rentable square feet within the Premises (the Occupancy Date ), or (ii) the last day of the nineteenth (19 th month of the Lease Term 33.18 (based on the ratio set forth in Section 9 of the Summary in the Original Lease i.e., prior to remeasurement of approximately 129,081 rentable square feet for Phase I-A and Phase I-B, as the numerator, and approximately 388,989 rentable square feet in the Building, as the denominator). 
 
 4 

From the earlier of (a) the Occupancy Date or (b) the first day of the twentieth (20 th month of the Lease Term, until the earlier of (i) the date Tenant actually occupies more than 222,559 rentable square feet within the Premises or 
 (ii) the last day of the twenty-fifth (25 th month of the Lease Term 57.21 (based on the ratio set forth in Section 9 of the Summary in the Original Lease i.e., prior to remeasurement of approximately 222,559 rentable square feet for Phase I-A, Phase I-B, Phase II-A and Phase II-B, as the numerator, and approximately 388,989 rentable square feet in the Building, as the denominator). 
 
 From and after the earlier of (a) the date Tenant actually occupies more than 222,559 rentable square feet within the Premises or (b) the first day of the twenty-sixth (26 th month of the Lease Term 72.22 (based on ratio of approximately 282,085 rentable square feet in the Premises, as the numerator, and approximately 390,615 rentable square feet in the Building, obtained from the Revised Stevenson Accounting). 
 
 Except as provided above, during the Lease Term, Tenant s Share in any Building shall equal the quotient derived when the rentable area of the applicable portion of the Premises located within such Building is divided by the rentable area of such Building. 
 The Building s Allocable Share shall mean, as of the BSC Completion Date, 96.54 (based on approximately 390,615 rentable square feet in the Building divided by approximately 404,615 rentable square feet in the Project). At all times during the Lease Term, the Building s Allocable Share shall equal the quotient derived when the rentable area of the Building is divided by the rentable area of all of the Buildings in the Project. 
 
 3.5 Increase of Tenant Improvement Allowance . Landlord hereby increases the Tenant Improvement Allowance by an additional 153,600.00 (i.e., in addition to the increase described in Section 2 above), applicable to Phase III, on account of the increase in the area of the Premises and by further agreement of the parties hereto. 
 5 

4. Restoration Matters . 
 4.1 Components of Initial Improvements Future Alterations . Landlord approved certain aspects of the Tenant Improvements described on Exhibit 2 attached hereto on condition that Tenant remove the same and restore the applicable portion of the Premises to its pre-existing condition on or before the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term, as more particularly set forth on Exhibit 1 attached hereto and subject to the last sentence of Section 6.4 of the Work Letter attached as Exhibit B to the Original Lease (collectively, the TI Restoration Items ). Tenant acknowledges that Landlord continues to reserve its right to approve future Alterations on condition that Tenant restore the portion of the Premises where such Alterations will be constructed to the condition in existence immediately prior to the commencement of such Alterations by the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term, pursuant to Section 8.1 of the Original Lease except , that, Landlord s right to condition its approval as described above in this sentence respecting any Tenant Improvements shall continue to be governed by Section 6.4 of the Work Letter attached as Exhibit B to the Original Lease. If Landlord requires future restoration work as a condition to approving any proposed additional Alterations as described above in this Section 4.1, the parties hereto shall revise the TI Restoration Items accordingly by noting, among other things, whether such alterations are Alterations or Tenant Improvements Subject to Restoration. 
 4.2 Public Art Installation . 
 (a) Landlord acknowledges Tenant is obligated under the Ordinance to acquire and install Artwork, or pay to the City of El Segundo an in-lieu fee, as a condition to the issuance of a Certificate of Occupancy for the Premises (or portion thereof), and Tenant elected to commission Artwork to be installed at the Project for Phase I of the Premises. Landlord hereby approves of Tenant s proposed installation(s) of the Artwork in the Common Areas near the Premises in the locations shown on Exhibit 3 attached hereto and at other locations at the Project as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto (in their reasonable discretion) and in compliance with the Ordinance Artwork Location provided , however, if the City of El Segundo requires any portion of the Artwork to be relocated to another part of the Project during the Lease Term, such relocation shall be performed at Tenant s sole cost and expense. Tenant shall not be obligated to pay any rent for the installation or display of the Artwork at the Artwork Location, but is obligated to pay for the Artwork and the cost of its installation at the Artwork Location. 
 (b) Landlord and Tenant further agree that the Artwork shall be maintained by Landlord s facilities maintenance team maintaining the Common Areas of the Project and the cost of maintaining the Artwork and insuring the Artwork, if it is insured, shall be 
 6 

Operating Expenses. Landlord and Tenant each covenant to abide by the applicable provisions of the Ordinance and shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Landlord Parties and Tenant Parties, as applicable, from any and all loss, cost, damage, expense and liability (including, without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees) incurred in connection with or arising from such indemnitor s failure to abide by the applicable provisions of the Ordinance. 
 (c) Landlord acknowledges that Section 15-34-6.C of the Ordinance requires a covenant regarding the maintenance of the Artwork to be recorded with the Los Angeles County Registrar-Recorder s office as a condition to the issuance of a Certificate of Occupancy if Artwork will be installed at the Project site, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 4 . Landlord hereby agrees to execute, deliver and record such covenant with the Los Angeles County Registrar-Recorder s office. 
 4.3 Landscaping of MTA Leased Area . Landlord approves of Tenant s proposed improvements to the area shown on Exhibit 5 attached hereto, which area Landlord leases from the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority MTA provided, however, if MTA ever requires during the Lease Term that the rail tracks within Landlord s leased premises under its lease with MTA be uncovered, Tenant shall do so at its sole cost and expense. 
 5. Generator . Tenant has requested permission to install a generator in the portion of the Common Area shown on Exhibit 6 (the Generator Area ), and Landlord hereby grants permission for Tenant s installation of a Kohler Generator manufactured in 2022 (750kw), Model 750REOZMD, with a 973 gallon diesel above-ground fuel tank (the Generator in the Generator Area, on the condition that the installation and operation of such Generator shall be conducted at all times in accordance with applicable laws (including, but not limited to, the approval of the El Segundo Fire Department), and that Tenant shall be obligated to register, obtain permits for and maintain the Generator as required by the South Coast Air Quality Management District throughout the Lease Term while the Generator is at the Project. Regardless of whether Tenant exercises the option to extend the Lease Term, Tenant shall be required to remove the Generator and restore the Generator Area not later than the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease Term. 
 6. General Provisions . 
 6.1 Further Assurances . Each of the parties hereto agrees to execute and deliver all such further documents and to take all such further actions as may be reasonably requested by the other party hereto to effectuate fully the terms and provisions of this Amendment, provided such documents or actions do not limit, reduce or impair the rights of the party upon whom such request is made. 
 6.2 Binding Effect . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Landlord, its successors and assigns and Tenant and its permitted successors and assigns. 
 7 

6.3 Reaffirmation . Except for those provisions that are inconsistent with this Amendment and those terms, covenants and conditions for which performance has been completed, all other terms, covenants and conditions of the Original Lease shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect, and Landlord and Tenant hereby reaffirm and ratify the Original Lease, as amended by this Amendment. 
 6.4 Governing Law Headings . Interpretation of this Amendment shall be governed by the laws of the State of California. The headings of the paragraphs contained in this Amendment are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment. All references to the Lease in the Original Lease shall be deemed to be references to the Original Lease as amended by this Amendment. 
 6.5 Electronic Signatures Counterparts . Each party hereto, and its respective successors and assigns, shall be authorized to rely upon the signatures of all of the parties hereto delivered by email or other electronic means as constituting a duly authorized, irrevocable, actual, current delivery of this Amendment with original ink signatures. The parties further consent and agree that (1) to the extent a party hereto executes this Amendment using electronic signature technology, by clicking SIGN , such party is signing this Amendment electronically, and (2) the electronic signatures appearing on this Amendment shall be treated for purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, the same as handwritten signatures. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original part and all of which together shall constitute a single agreement. 
 6.6 Authority . Each party hereto hereby represents, covenants and warrants to the other party that (i) each individual executing this Amendment on behalf of such representing party has the authority and ability to bind such party and that no other person must execute this Amendment on behalf of such party and (ii) the consent or approval of any third party, including, without limitation, a lender, is not required with respect to the execution of this Amendment by such party, or if any such third party consent or approval is required, such party has obtained any and all such consents or approvals. 
 
 REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 
 8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been executed by Landlord and Tenant as of the date first set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Amendment. 

LANDLORD HC HORNET WAY, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 By s Brent Iloulian 
 Name Brent Iloulian 
 Title Authorized Representative 

TENANT BEYOND MEAT, INC., 
 a Delaware corporation 
 
 By s Jonathan Nelson 
 Name Jonathan Nelson 
 Title Chief Operations Officer 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 ex102stockownershipguideli.htm
 EX-10.2 STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDLINES

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 

 BEYOND MEAT, INC. 
 STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES FOR OUTSIDE DIRECTORS 
 (Adopted on October 22, 2024) 
 Purpose 
 Effective as of October 22, 2024 (the Effective Date ), upon the recommendation of the Human Capital Management and Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of Beyond Meat, Inc. (the Company ), the Board has adopted these stock ownership guidelines to strengthen the alignment of interests between the Company s non-employee directors and stockholders and further promote the Company s commitment to sound corporate governance. 
 Applicability 
 These stock ownership guidelines apply to any person providing services as a non-employee director of the Company who is covered by, and compensated under, the Company s Outside Director Compensation Policy, as amended from time to time (such persons are referred to herein as Outside Directors ). Once a person has become an Outside Director, the person will be subject to these stock ownership guidelines until he or she is no longer an Outside Director. 
 Minimum Stock Ownership Guidelines 
 Stock ownership guidelines for the Outside Directors are determined as a multiple of the director s annual cash retainer (consisting of the annual base cash retainer payable to such director, but disregarding any additional fees paid in specific leadership roles, for committee membership or for any additional Board service) (the Annual Cash Retainer ). Such Outside Directors are expected to own shares of the Company s common stock Common Stock having an aggregate value of at least the applicable multiple of his or her Annual Cash Retainer as set forth below Title Guideline Outside Director Five (5) times Annual Cash Retainer 
 
 Outside Directors are encouraged to own shares of Common Stock beyond these minimum stock ownership guidelines. 
 Time Period for Compliance 
 The minimum stock ownership guidelines described above are required to be met within five (5) years from the later of (i) the Effective Date and (ii) the date the person first became an Outside Director. 
 Retention Ratios 
 Until the required stock ownership guideline is reached, Outside Directors are required to retain at least fifty percent (50 of the Net Shares (as defined below). This retention ratio applies to Net Shares received upon (i) the vesting of restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock awards, performance-based restricted stock units and similar instruments expressed in stock units and payable in shares of Common Stock or (ii) the exercise of stock options or similar instruments payable in shares of Common Stock. Once the requisite level has been achieved, ownership of the guideline amount must be maintained for as long as the individual is subject to these stock ownership guidelines. For purposes of the foregoing, Net Shares are those shares of Common Stock 

that are issued to, or held by, an Outside Director after deducting any applicable tax withholdings and the payment of any exercise or purchase price (if applicable) upon the vesting or settlement of equity awards or the exercise of stock options. 
 Measurement and Valuation 
 Compliance with these stock ownership guidelines will be measured as of the last business day of each fiscal year (the Measurement Date by the Company s Chief Financial Officer, and the results of such measurement will be reported to the Compensation Committee at least once per year. On the Measurement Date, compliance will be measured using each Outside Director s Annual Cash Retainer then in effect, and the average closing price of the Common Stock as reported by the stock exchange or national market system on which the Common Stock are listed, for the 90-trading day period immediately preceding (and ending on the trading date immediately prior to) the date of calculation. Once an Outside Director has achieved the applicable stock ownership guideline, such person will be considered in compliance until the next Measurement Date, regardless of any change in the price of Common Stock, so long as such person continues to own at least the same number of shares of Common Stock owned at the time of achieving the applicable stock ownership guideline. 
 Calculating Share Ownership 
 Shares that will count toward achievement of the stock ownership guidelines include, without duplication 
 
 Shares owned outright by the Outside Director or any of such person s immediate family members residing in the same household 
 Shares held in trust for the benefit of the Outside Director or such person s immediate family residing in the same household 
 Shares underlying vested but unsettled restricted stock and restricted stock units (whether time- or performance-based) and 
 Unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units, excluding unvested performance-based restricted stock and or restricted stock units (during periods preceding certification of attainment of the applicable performance conditions thereunder). 
 Failure to Achieve Stock Ownership Guidelines 
 Failure by an Outside Director to achieve or to show sustained progress toward achievement of the applicable stock ownership guideline may result in the Compensation Committee taking any action it deems appropriate under the circumstances until the applicable stock ownership guideline is achieved, including reducing future equity compensation grants and or requiring the person to retain all shares of Common Stock obtained through the vesting or exercise of equity grants. 
 Administration 
 The Board, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, reserves the right to modify or amend these stock ownership guidelines at any time. The Compensation Committee will evaluate whether exceptions should be made for any Outside Director on whom the applicable stock ownership guideline would impose a severe financial hardship. 
 2 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 byndq3202410qex-311.htm
 BYND EX-31.1 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Ethan Brown, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Beyond Meat, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 By s Ethan Brown Ethan Brown President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 byndq3202410qex-312.htm
 BYND EX-31.2 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Lubi Kutua, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Beyond Meat, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 By s Lubi Kutua Lubi Kutua Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 byndq3202410qex-321.htm
 BYND EX-32.1 CEO 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ethan Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer of Beyond Meat, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 By s Ethan Brown Ethan Brown President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 byndq3202410qex-322.htm
 BYND EX-32.2 CFO 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Lubi Kutua, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Beyond Meat, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that , to my knowledge 
 (1) the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 By s Lubi Kutua Lubi Kutua Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 bynd-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 bynd-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 bynd-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 bynd-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 bynd-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

