<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1000694_0001000694-24-000043.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8440765</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>171449</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2579048</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2129945</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1840637</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1603223</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001000694-24-000043.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112160810
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001000694-24-000043
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NOVAVAX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001000694
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				222816046
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26770
		FILM NUMBER:		241448095

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 QUINCE ORCHARD ROAD
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878
		BUSINESS PHONE:		240-268-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 QUINCE ORCHARD ROAD
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001000694-24-000043.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 nvax-20240930.htm
 10-Q

nvax-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 . 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated Filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant's Common Stock, 0.01 par value, was as of October 31, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 NOVAVAX, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 1 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 6 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 44 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 46 
 Item 5 
 Other Information 
 48 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 48 
 SIGNATURES 
 49 

i 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 NOVAVAX, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share information) 
 (unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Product sales Licensing, royalties, and other Grants Total revenue Expenses: Cost of sales Research and development Selling, general, and administrative Total expenses Loss from operations 
 ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net 
 ) Loss before income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss per share: 
 Basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 
 Basic and diluted 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Net unrealized gain on available-for-sale marketable securities 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

NOVAVAX, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share information) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Restricted cash Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right of use asset, net Goodwill Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Current portion of finance lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred revenue Convertible notes payable Non-current finance lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 par value, shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Stockholders' deficit: Common stock, par value, shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock, cost basis, shares at September 30, 2024 and shares at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 3 

NOVAVAX, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (in thousands, except share information) 
 (unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 
 Total Stockholders' 
 Deficit 
 Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock issued under incentive programs ) Unrealized gain on available-for-sale marketable securities 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment Net loss 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock issued under incentive programs ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs of 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 

Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' 
 Deficit 
 Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock issued under incentive programs ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs of 
 Unrealized gain on available-for-sale marketable securities 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment Net loss 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock issued under incentive programs ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs of 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

4 

NOVAVAX, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands)(unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities: Net loss 
 ) ) Reconciliation of net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash stock-based compensation Provision for excess and obsolete inventory Impairment of long-lived assets Other items, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Inventory ) Accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, and other assets ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 ) Investing Activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Purchases of available-for-sale marketable securities 
 ) Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale marketable securities 
 Internal-use software ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities: Net proceeds from sales of common stock Net proceeds from the exercise of stock-based awards Finance lease payments ) ) Repayment of 2023 Convertible notes ) Payments of costs related to issuance of 2027 Convertible notes ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities: Right-of-use asset leases, net of tenant improvement allowance on facility leases 
 ) Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Internal-use software included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash interest payments, net of amounts capitalized Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 5 

NOVAVAX, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 September 30, 2024 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Note 1 
 
 Note 2 
 million loss and a million loss, and a million loss and million gain for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are reflected in Other income (expense), net. 
 The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Results for this or any interim period are not necessarily indicative of results for any future interim period or for the entire year. The Company operates in business segment. 
 6 

million in cash and cash equivalents, million in marketable securities, and negative working capital of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized net loss of million, and had net cash flows provided by operating activities of million. 
 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, the Company evaluated its ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements are issued. Based on the Company s current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances and the Company's current cash flow forecast for the one-year going concern look forward period, the Company has concluded that it expects to have sufficient capital available to fund its operations for the one-year period from the date that these financial statements are issued. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had concluded that there was substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern primarily due to significant uncertainty related to its ability to successfully develop, manufacture, distribute, and market its updated vaccine and execute on certain cost-reduction initiatives as described in Note 15. The Sanofi CLA combined with cost reductions and the settlement of certain liabilities, has alleviated the substantial doubt. 
 7 

See Note 15 for additional information on the severance and employee benefit costs for terminated employees and impairment of assets in connection with the Company s Restructuring Plan as defined in Note 15. 
 
 Note 3 
 Total marketable securities 
 
 securities that were in an unrealized loss position for more than 12 months. 
 
 8 

Note 4 
 Government-backed securities (1) 
 Treasury securities (1) 
 Corporate debt securities (2) 
 Total cash equivalents and marketable securities 
 Liabilities Convertible notes due 2027 
 
 (1) Classified as cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 million classified as Cash and cash equivalents and million classified as marketable securities as of September 30, 2024, on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Fixed-income investments categorized as Level 2 are valued at the custodian bank by a third-party pricing vendor s valuation models that use verifiable observable market data, such as interest rates and yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals and credit spreads, bids provided by brokers or dealers, or quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics. Pricing of the Company s convertible notes has been estimated using observable inputs, including the price of the Company s common stock, implied volatility, interest rates, and credit spreads. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any transfers between levels. 
 The amount in the Company s consolidated balance sheets for accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates its fair value due to its short-term nature. 
 9 

Note 5 
 million and million related to amounts that were billed to customers and million and million related to amounts which had not yet been billed to customers as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 ) Allowance for credit losses (1) : 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 ) ) Deferred revenue: (2) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 ) 
 (1) There was allowance for credit losses recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, there was a million reversal of a credit loss allowance due to the collection of a previously recognized allowance for credit losses. To estimate the allowance for credit losses, the Company evaluates the credit risk related to its customers based on historical loss experience, economic conditions, the aging of receivables, and customer-specific risks. 
 million reclassification of refundable upfront payments previously included in Deferred revenue to Other current liabilities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, additions included a million reclassification of an upfront payment from Other current liabilities to Deferred revenue related to the settlement with Gavi as discussed below. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, deductions included a million reclassification of refundable upfront payments previously included in Deferred revenue to Other current liabilities. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied), excluding amounts related to sales-based royalties and constrained variable consideration, was billion, of which billion was included in Deferred revenue. Failure to meet regulatory milestones, obtain timely supportive recommendations from governmental advisory committees, or achieve product volume or delivery timing obligations under the Company s advance purchase agreements APAs may require the Company to refund portions of upfront and other payments or result in reduced future payments, which could adversely impact the Company s ability to realize revenue from its unsatisfied performance obligations. The timing to fulfill performance obligations related to APAs will depend on the timing of product manufacturing, receipt of marketing authorizations for additional indications, delivery of doses based on customer demand, and the ability of the customer to request the Company s updated vaccine under certain of the Company s APAs. The timing to fulfill performance obligations related to the Sanofi CLA will depend on the timing of delivery of Sanofi Transition Services and Sanofi Technology Transfer services and delivery of doses and other materials based on Sanofi demand. 
 Under an APA with Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance Gavi ), entered into in May 2021 (the Gavi APA ), the Company received upfront payments of million from Gavi (the Advance Payment Amount to be applied against purchases of the Company s prototype vaccine by certain countries participating in the COVAX Facility. As of December 31, 2023, the remaining Gavi Advance Payment Amount was million. In February 2024, the Company entered into a Termination and Settlement Agreement with Gavi (the Gavi Settlement Agreement terminating the Gavi APA, settling the arbitration proceedings, and releasing both parties of all claims arising from, under, or otherwise in connection with the Gavi APA. In February 2024, the claims and counterclaims were dismissed with prejudice. Pursuant to the Gavi Settlement Agreement, the Company is responsible for payment to Gavi of (i) an initial settlement payment of million, which the Company paid in February 2024, and (ii) deferred payments, in equal annual amounts of million payable each calendar year through a 
 10 

million during the deferred payment term. Such deferred payments may be reduced through Gavi s use of an annual vaccine credit equivalent to the unpaid balance of such deferred payments each year, which may be applied to qualifying sales of any of the Company s vaccines for supply to certain low-income and lower-middle income countries. The Company has the right to price the vaccines offered to such low-income and lower-middle income countries in its discretion, and, when utilized by Gavi, the Company will credit the actual price per vaccine paid against the applicable credit. The Company intends to price vaccines offered via the tender process, consistent with its shared goal with Gavi to provide equitable access to those countries. Also, pursuant to the Gavi Settlement Agreement, the Company granted Gavi an additional credit of up to million that may be applied against qualifying sales of any of the Company s vaccines for supply to such low-income and lower-middle income countries that exceed the million deferred payment amount in any calendar year during the deferred payment term. In total, the Gavi settlement agreement is comprised of million of potential consideration, consisting of the million initial settlement payment, deferred payments of up to million that may be reduced through annual vaccine credits, and the additional credit of up to million that may be applied for certain qualifying sales. 
 The Company recorded the million difference between the refund liability recorded as of December 31, 2023 of million and the million of total consideration under the arrangement as a reduction to revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining amounts included on the Company s consolidated balance sheet were million in non-current Deferred revenue for the additional credit that may be applied against future qualifying sales, million in Other current liabilities, and million in Other non-current liabilities. In addition, the Company and Gavi entered into a security agreement pursuant to which Novavax granted Gavi a security interest in accounts receivable from SII under the SII R21 Agreement (see Note 6), which will continue for the deferred payment term of the Gavi Settlement Agreement. 
 Product Sales 
 Europe Rest of the world 
 Total product sales revenue 
 Product sales in the U.S. are primarily made through large pharmaceutical wholesale distributors at the wholesale acquisition cost WAC ). Product sales in the U.S. are recorded net of gross-to-net deductions. 
 
 Amounts charged against product sales (1) 
 Credits/deductions 
 ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 million of net adjustments made to prior period product sales, due primarily to million of previously estimated product returns, which are no longer eligible for customer credits and therefore were recognized in product revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, offset by increases to other gross-to-net deductions. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million of gross-to-net deductions were 
 11 

million and million of gross-to-net deductions were included in Accrued expenses, respectively. 
 The Company has an APA with the Commonwealth of Australia Australia for the purchase of doses of COVID-19 Vaccine (the Australia APA ). In March 2024, the Company and Australia agreed to cancel the COVID-19 Vaccine doses previously scheduled for delivery in the fourth quarter of 2023. As a result of the cancellation, the total contract value was reduced by million, including million of deferred revenue related to the cancelled doses that will be applied as a credit towards future deliveries of doses. Australia is not required to purchase updated vaccine doses until the Company receives authorization from Therapeutic Goods Administration TGA ). The Company does not expect approval in time for product delivery in 2024 which could result in a loss or deferral of approximately million of contract value. The Company plans to seek an amendment to the Australia APA which may not be achievable on acceptable terms or at all. As of September 30, 2024, million was classified as current Deferred revenue and million was classified as non-current Deferred revenue with respect to the Australia APA in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. If the Company is unable to satisfy its obligations under the amended Australia APA, million of deferred revenue may become refundable and approximately million of remaining funds under the contract may no longer be available. 
 The Company has an APA with His Majesty the King in Right of Canada as represented by the Minister of Public Works and Government Services, as successor in interest to Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Canada, as represented by the Minister of Public Works and Government Services (the Canadian government ), for the purchase of doses of COVID-19 Vaccine (the Canada APA ). The Canadian government may terminate the Canada APA, as amended, if the Company fails to receive regulatory approval for its COVID-19 Vaccine using bulk antigen produced at Biologics Manufacturing Centre BMC Inc. on or before December 31, 2024 . The Company does not expect to receive regulatory approval of its COVID-19 Vaccine using bulk antigen produced at BMC on or before December 31, 2024 . Therefore, the Company plans to seek an amendment to the Canada APA to address possible alternatives, which may not be achievable on acceptable terms or at all. As of September 30, 2024, million was classified as current Deferred revenue and million was classified as non-current Deferred revenue with respect to the Canadian APA in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. If the Canadian government terminates the Canada APA, million of the deferred revenue would become refundable and approximately million of the contract value related to future deliverables would no longer be available. 
 
 In July 2024, the Pharmaceutical Management Agency Pharmac ), a New Zealand Crown entity, provided notice of its termination of its APA (the New Zealand APA ). Pharmac has requested a refund of certain advanced payments, and the Company is in discussion with Pharmac regarding whether a refund of the advanced payments is appropriate under the New Zealand APA. As of September 30, 2024, million was reclassified from current Deferred revenue to Other current liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Approximately million of the contract value related to future deliverables may no longer be available if the New Zealand APA is terminated. The Company responded to Pharmac in September 2024 indicating it does not believe Pharmac has the right to unilaterally terminate the contract or receive a refund of any part of the remaining upfront payment. 
 
 Licensing, Royalties, and Other 
 Licensing, royalties, and other includes licensing payments, transition services revenue, and technology transfer revenue from the Sanofi CLA; royalty milestone payments; sales-based royalties; and Matrix-M adjuvant sales. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, the Company recognized million and million in revenue related to license fees and sales-based royalties and million and million in revenue related to Matrix-M adjuvant sales, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million of transition services revenue and technology transfer revenue, respectively. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million and million in revenue related to Matrix-M adjuvant sales. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million in revenue related related to sales-based royalties. 
 Grants 
 billion funding in revenue. 
 12 

Note 6 
 years after the first commercial sale of the vaccine in each country. 
 Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited 
 The Company has a collaboration and license agreement with Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Takeda under which the Company granted Takeda an exclusive license to develop, manufacture, and commercialize the Company s COVID-19 Vaccine in Japan. Under the agreement, Takeda purchases Matrix-M adjuvant from the Company to manufacture doses of COVID-19 Vaccine, and the Company is entitled to receive milestone and sales-based royalty payments from Takeda based on the achievement of certain development and commercial milestones, as well as a portion of net profits from the sale of COVID-19 Vaccine. In September 2021, Takeda finalized an agreement with the Government of Japan s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare ("MHLW") for the purchase of million doses of its prototype vaccine. In February 2023, MHLW canceled the remainder of doses under its agreement with Takeda. As a result, it is uncertain whether the Company will receive future sales-based royalty payments from Takeda under the terms and conditions of their current collaboration and licensing agreement. 
 Sanofi 
 In May 2024, the Company entered into the Sanofi CLA under which the Company granted and Sanofi received the following: 
 
 i) A co-exclusive license to commercialize the Company s current stand-alone COVID-19 Vaccine, including the Company s prototype vaccine and updated vaccines, that address seasonal variants throughout the world (the COVID-19 Vaccine Products 
 ii) A sole license to develop and commercialize combination products containing a potential combination of the Company s COVID-19 Vaccine and Sanofi s seasonal influenza vaccine COVID-19 and influenza Combination Products or CIC Products 
 iii) A non-exclusive license to develop and commercialize combination products containing both the Company s COVID-19 Vaccine and one or more non-influenza vaccines Other Combination Products and together with the COVID-19 Vaccine Products, CIC Products, and Other Combination Products, Licensed COVID-19 Products and 
 iv) A non-exclusive license to develop and commercialize other vaccine products selected by Sanofi that include the Company s Matrix-M adjuvant (as described below, the Adjuvant Products ). 
 13 

million in the second quarter of 2024. In addition, the Company is eligible to receive development, technology transfer, launch, and sales milestone payments totaling up to million in the aggregate with respect to the COVID-19 Vaccine Products and royalty payments on Sanofi s sales of such licensed products. Milestone payments are comprised of a payment of million upon the approval of the marketing authorization for a COVID-19 Vaccine Product in a pre-filled syringe from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration U.S. FDA ), million upon the transfer of such approval to Sanofi, million upon the transfer of EMA approval of a COVID-19 Vaccine Product in a pre-filled syringe to Sanofi, million upon database lock of an existing Phase 2/3 clinical trial (identifier 2019nCoV-503), million upon the completion of the technology transfer of the Company s manufacturing process for the COVID-19 Vaccine Products to Sanofi, and up to million in CIC Product-related development and launch milestones. 
 The Company is also eligible to receive development, launch, and sales milestone payments of up to million for each of the first four Adjuvant Products and million for each Adjuvant Product thereafter, and royalty payments on Sanofi s sales of all such licensed products. In addition, a portion of the technology transfer costs and research and development costs incurred by the Company will be reimbursed by Sanofi in accordance with agreed upon plans and budgets. 
 The Company assessed whether the Sanofi CLA fell within the scope of ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements ASC 808 based on whether the arrangement involved joint operating activities and whether both parties have active participation in the arrangement and are exposed to significant risks and rewards. The Company determined that the Sanofi CLA did not fall within the scope of ASC 808, as the Company does not share in the significant financial risks of Sanofi's development or commercialization activities. The Company then analyzed the arrangement pursuant to the provisions of ASC 606 and determined that the arrangement represents a contract with a customer and is therefore within the scope of ASC 606. 
 The Company identified the following performance obligations in the Sanofi CLA and determined that they were within the scope of ASC 606: delivery of (i) the licenses described above (the COVID-19 Vaccine license, CIC Products license, Other Combination Product license, and Adjuvant Products license) (collectively the Sanofi CLA Licenses ), (ii) research and development transition services that support further regulatory approval and development of the COVID-19 Vaccine, referred to as the Sanofi Transition Services , and (iii) technology transfer of the existing manufacturing process for the COVID-19 Vaccine Products and Matrix-M adjuvant, referred to as the Sanofi Technology Transfer. 
 The Company also evaluated whether certain options outlined in the Sanofi Agreement represented material rights that would give rise to a performance obligation and concluded that none of the options convey a material right to Sanofi and therefore are not considered separate performance obligations within the Sanofi CLA. 
 The Sanofi CLA Licenses performance obligations are considered functional intellectual property and distinct from other promises under the contract as Sanofi can benefit from the licenses on their own or together with other readily available resources. Also, the Sanofi Transition Services provide a distinct benefit to Sanofi within the context of the contract, separate from the licenses, as the services could be provided by Sanofi or another third party without the Company s assistance. The Sanofi Technology Transfer obligation is distinct as Sanofi can benefit from the Sanofi CLA Licenses transferred by the Company at the inception of the agreement with other readily available resources. Therefore, each represents a separate performance obligation within the contract with a customer under the scope of ASC 606 at contract inception. 
 14 

million, consisting of (i) fixed consideration (the million upfront nonrefundable fee), (ii) and million of variable consideration attributed to a million clinical milestone and million of estimated cost reimbursement related to Sanofi Transition Services and Sanofi Technology Transfer. Since the clinical milestone allocated to Sanofi Transition Services is entirely within the Company s control, and the cost reimbursement variable consideration allocated to Sanofi Transition Services and Sanofi Technology Transfer would be recognized as revenue only as the costs are incurred, the Company determined it is not probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue would occur. The Company utilized the expected value method to determine the amount of these payments. The Company excluded certain regulatory and technology transfer milestones from the transaction price that were determined to be inherently uncertain of achievement and are highly susceptible to factors outside of the Company s control. Sales-based royalties and launch milestones are related to the license of the intellectual property rights and the Company will recognize revenue for these in the period when subsequent sales are made or sale-based milestones are achieved pursuant to the sales-based royalty exception under ASC 606. The Company will re-evaluate the transaction price in each reporting period as uncertain events are resolved or other changes in circumstances occur. 
 The Company allocated the fixed consideration (i.e., the million nonrefundable upfront fee) to the performance obligations in the Sanofi CLA based on each performance obligation s relative stand-alone selling price, or SSP, as follows: 
 million for the upfront transfer of the licenses; 
 million for Sanofi Transition Services; and 
 million for Sanofi Technology Transfer. 
 The SSP for the licenses were determined using an approach that considered discounted, probability-weighted cash flows related to the license transferred. In developing such estimates, the Company applied judgment in determining the forecasted revenues expected margins, and the discount rate. The SSP for the ongoing Sanofi Transition Services and Sanofi Technology Transfer were based on estimates of the associated effort and cost of these services, adjusted for a reasonable gross profit margin that would be expected to be realized under similar contracts. 
 The Company recognized revenue related to the licenses at a point in time upon transfer of the rights and control of the license to Sanofi during the second quarter 2024. The Sanofi Transition Services and Sanofi Technology Transfer are recognized in revenue over time using an input method to measure progress by utilizing costs incurred to-date relative to total expected costs. Revenue recognized related to Sanofi Transition Services and Sanofi Technology Transfer for the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. The Company s consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 includes a deferred revenue balance of million million included in Deferred revenue, current portion and million included in Deferred revenue, non-current portion) related to Sanofi Transition Services and Sanofi Technology Transfer. 
 The Company recognized an asset for million of direct costs incurred to obtain the Sanofi CLA. These costs are amortized to expense over the expected period of the benefit in a manner that is consistent with the transfer of the related goods and services in the Sanofi CLA. The Company recognized million and million of amortization expense related to the asset in Selling, general, and administrative expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 In May 2024, the Company also entered into the Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which the Company sold and issued to Sanofi, in a private placement, million shares of the Company s common stock, at a price of per share for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of million. The opening price of the Company s common stock on the date of the sale approximated per share and therefore all gross proceeds were allocated to stockholders deficit. 
 15 

agreement with the Bill Melinda Gates Medical Research Institute to provide the Company s Matrix-M adjuvant for use in preclinical vaccine research. 
 Other Supply Agreements 
 In March 2024, the Company, FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies UK Limited FDBK ), FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies Texas, LLC FDBT and FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies USA, Inc. FDBU and together with FDBK and FDBT, Fujifilm entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement and Release (the Settlement Agreement to resolve disputes regarding amounts that Fujifilm claimed were due under a prior Confidential Settlement Agreement and Release effective September 30, 2022 (the CSAR by and between the Company and Fujifilm. 
 Under the CSAR, the Company agreed to pay up to million to Fujifilm in connection with the cancellation of manufacturing activity at FDBT. The final quarterly installments due to Fujifilm in 2023 under the CSAR, totaling million, were subject to Fujifilm s obligation to use commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate losses associated with the vacant manufacturing capacity caused by the termination of manufacturing activities at FDBT. In October 2023, the Company sent Fujifilm a notice of breach and refused to pay the final installments based on its contention that Fujifilm had not used commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate losses and should have offset some portion of the final payments. In October 2023, Fujifilm filed a demand for arbitration with Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services JAMS seeking payment of the full amount (the Fujifilm Arbitration ). 
 Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, in March 2024, the Company paid million to Fujifilm, the parties agreed to a mutual release of claims arising from, under or otherwise in connection with the CSAR, and Fujifilm agreed to dismiss the Fujifilm Arbitration. This payment is less than amounts previously accrued for and reflected in Research and development expense, and accordingly, the Company recorded a benefit of million as Research and development expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 upon the execution of the Settlement Agreement. 
 The Company continues to assess its manufacturing needs and intends to modify its global manufacturing footprint consistent with its contractual obligations to supply, and anticipated demand for, its COVID-19 Program, and in doing so, recognizes that significant costs may be incurred. 
 
 Note 7 
 Restricted cash, current Restricted cash, non-current (1) 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (1) Classified as Other non-current assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Note 8 
 Semi-finished goods Finished goods Total inventory 
 16 

million and million, respectively, and losses on firm purchase commitments were million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded recoveries on firm purchase commitments of million related primarily to negotiated reductions to previously recognized firm purchase commitments. Also, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million in Cost of sales related to an embedded lease agreement with a CMO for production capacity in excess of production needs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, inventory write-downs were million and million, respectively, and losses on firm purchase commitments were million and million. In addition, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded recoveries on firm purchase commitments of million and million, respectively, related primarily to negotiated reductions to previously recognized firm purchase commitments . 
 
 Note 9 
 reporting unit, which has a negative carrying amount as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Currency translation adjustments ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 Note 10 
 Convertible notes due 2027 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total convertible notes payable 
 
 The effective interest rate of the 2027 Convertible notes is . During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repaid the outstanding principal amount of million on its Convertible notes due in 2023, together with accrued but unpaid interest on the maturity date. 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense on convertible notes payable 
 17 

Note 11 
 million in gross proceeds of shares of its common stock, and terminated its then-existing At Market Issuance Sales agreement entered in June 2021 (the June 2021 Sales Agreement ). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold million shares of its common stock under its August 2023 Sales Agreement resulting in net proceeds of approximately million. There were sales recorded under the August 2023 Sales Agreement during the three months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining balance available under the August 2023 Sales Agreement was approximately million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold million shares of its common stock under its June 2021 and August 2023 Sales Agreement, resulting in net proceeds of approximately million. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold million shares of its common stock under its August 2023 Sales Agreement, resulting in net proceeds of approximately million . 
 In May 2024, the Company also entered into the Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which the Company sold and issued to Sanofi, in a private placement, million shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share at a price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of million. 
 In August 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Subscription Agreement with SK bioscience Co., Ltd. SK ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and issue to SK million shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share (the SK Shares in a private placement (the Private Placement for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of approximately million . The Company recognized the SK Shares at the settlement date fair value of million . The closing of the Private Placement occurred on August 10, 2023. 
 
 Note 12 
 million shares of common stock for grants under the 2023 Inducement Plan. As of September 30, 2024, there were million shares available for issuance under the 2023 Inducement Plan. 
 The 2015 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended 2015 Plan ), was approved at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders in June 2015. Under the 2015 Plan, equity awards may be granted to officers, directors, employees, and consultants of and advisors to the Company and any present or future subsidiary. 
 The 2015 Plan authorizes the issuance of up to million shares of common stock under equity awards granted under the 2015 Plan. All such shares authorized for issuance under the 2015 Plan have been reserved. The 2015 Plan will expire on April 18, 2034. As of September 30, 2024, there were million shares available for issuance under the 2015 Plan. 
 The Amended and Restated 2005 Stock Incentive Plan 2005 Plan expired in February 2015 and no new awards may be made under such plan, although awards will continue to be outstanding in accordance with their terms. 
 The 2023 Inducement Plan and the 2015 Plan permit, and the 2005 Plan permitted, the grant of stock options (including incentive stock options), restricted stock, stock appreciation rights SARs ), and restricted stock units RSUs ). In addition, under the 2023 Inducement Plan and the 2015 Plan, unrestricted stock, stock units, and performance awards may be granted. Stock options and SARs generally have a maximum term of and may be or were granted with an exercise price that is no less than of the fair market value of the Company s common stock at the time of grant. Grants of share-based awards are generally subject to vesting over periods ranging from one to . 
 18 

Research and development Selling, general, and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 ther e was stock-based compensation expense capitalized into inventory. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, total stock-based compensation capitalized in inventory was million. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options, SARs, RSUs, and the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). This unrecognized non-cash compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately and will be allocated between cost of sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses accordingly. This estimate does not include the impact of other possible stock-based awards that may be made during future periods. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value represents the total intrinsic value (the difference between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the period and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money stock options and SARs) that would have been received by the holders had all stock option and SAR holders exercised their stock options and SARs on September 30, 2024. This amount is subject to change based on changes to the closing price of the Company's common stock. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options and SARs exercises and vesting of RSUs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights 
 Granted Exercised ) Canceled ) ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Shares exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 19 

Risk-free interest rate - 
 
 - 
 Dividend yield Volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected term (in years) - 
 - 
 - 
 
 The total aggregate intrinsic value and weighted-average remaining contractual term of stock options and SARs outstanding under the 2023 Inducement Plan, 2015 Plan and 2005 Plan as of September 30, 2024 was million and years, respectively. The total aggregate intrinsic value and weighted-average remaining contractual term of stock options and SARs exercisable under the 2023 Inducement Plan, 2015 Plan and 2005 Plan as of September 30, 2024 was million and years, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding and unvested at September 30, 2024 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The ESPP was approved at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders in June 2013. The ESPP currently authorizes an aggregate of million shares of common stock to be purchased, and the aggregate number of shares will continue to increase on January 1 of each year up to a maximum of million shares. The ESPP allows employees to purchase shares of common stock of the Company at each purchase date through payroll deductions of up to a maximum of of their compensation, at of the lesser of the market price of the shares at the time of purchase or the market price on the beginning date of an option period (or, if later, the date during the option period when the employee was first eligible to participate). As of September 30, 2024, there were million shares available for issuance under the ESPP. 
 
 Note 13 
 
 20 

million and million of federal, state, and foreign income tax benefit, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million of federal, state, and foreign income tax expense, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the company recognized million of foreign withholding tax expense. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the company did t recognize any foreign withholding tax expense. 
 
 Note 14 
 million estimated settlement liability within Accrued expenses and the million estimated insurance recovery within Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 After the Sinnathurai Action was filed, derivative lawsuits were filed: (i) Robert E. Meyer v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. 8:21-cv-02996-TDC (the Meyer Action ), (ii) Shui Shing Yung v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. 8:21-cv-03248-TDC (the Yung Action ), (iii) William Kirst, et al. v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. C-15-CV-21-000618 (the Kirst Action ), (iv) Amy Snyder v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. 8:22-cv-01415-TDC (the Snyder Action ), (v) Charles R. Blackburn, et al. v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. 1:22-cv-01417-TDC (the Blackburn Action ), (vi) Diego J. Mesa v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. 2022-0770-NAC (the Mesa Action ), (vii) Sean Acosta v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. 2022-1133-NAC (the Acosta Action ), and (viii) Jared Needelman v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. C-15-CV-23-001550 (the Needelman Action ). The Meyer, Yung, Snyder, and Blackburn Actions were filed in the Maryland Court. The Kirst Action was filed in the Circuit Court for Montgomery County, Maryland, and shortly thereafter removed to the Maryland Court by the defendants. The Needleman Action was also filed in the Circuit Court for Montgomery County, Maryland. The Mesa and Acosta Actions were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery (the Delaware Court ). The derivative lawsuits name members of the Company s board of directors and certain members of senior management as defendants. The Company is deemed a nominal defendant. The plaintiffs assert derivative claims arising out of substantially the same alleged facts and circumstances as the Sinnathurai Action. Collectively, the derivative complaints assert claims for breach of fiduciary duty, insider selling, unjust enrichment, violation of federal securities law, abuse of control, waste, and mismanagement. Plaintiffs seek declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as an award of monetary damages and attorneys fees. 
 21 

22 

Note 15 
 Impairment of assets Total Restructuring charge (1) 
 
 million and million are included in Research and development and Selling, general, and administrative expenses, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Restructuring charges of million, million and million are included in Cost of sales, Research and development and Selling, general, and administrative expenses, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Restructuring charges of million, million and million are included in Cost of sales, Research and development and Selling, general, and administrative expenses, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Severance and employee benefit costs 
 Employees affected by the reduction in force under the Restructuring Plan are entitled to receive severance payments and certain termination benefits. The Company recorded a severance and termination benefit cost in full for employees who were notified of their termination during the reporting period and had no requirements for future service. The Company paid a total of million and million for the severance and employee benefit costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and had a remaining liability of million as of September 30, 2024. The Company had remaining liability as of December 31, 2023. 
 Impairment of assets 
 In connection with the Restructuring Plan, the Company evaluated its long-lived assets for impairment including certain leased laboratory and office spaces located in Gaithersburg, Maryland. The Company performed an impairment evaluation for the applicable long-lived assets, which is subject to judgment and actual results may vary from the estimates, resulting in potential future adjustments to amounts recorded. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million related to the impairment of capitalized internal-use software. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023 , the Company recorded an impairment charge of million related to the impairment of 
 23 

million related to ROU assets for facility leases. The Company did recognize any impairment of assets related restructuring charges during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Note 16 
 
 million, which is reflected in Other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet, previously received by the Company from the Authority under the Amended and Restated Supply Agreement. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company agreed to pay a refund of million (the Settlement Payment to the Authority in equal quarterly installments of million over a period, ending in June 2027. The Settlement Payment amount includes a million provision for interest over the period and may be avoided if the Company chooses to accelerate payments. Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement Amendment, the Authority and the Company agreed to the date of payment for the first quarterly installment to be November 30, 2024. 
 24 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Any statements in the discussion below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Quarterly Report about expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions, or future events or performance of Novavax, Inc. Novavax, together with its wholly owned subsidiaries, the Company, we, or us are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about our capabilities, goals, expectations regarding future revenue and expense levels, and capital raising activities; our operating plans and prospects, including our ability to continue as a going concern through one year from the date of our unaudited financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2024 are issued; our global restructuring and cost reduction plan Restructuring Plan ), which includes a more focused investment in our COVID-19 program (which currently includes our prototype COVID-19 vaccine ("NVX-CoV2373 or prototype vaccine ), our XBB COVID-19 vaccine NVX-CoV2601 and our updated vaccine for the 2024-2025 vaccination season NVX-CoV2705, or updated vaccine and, collectively with NVX-CoV2373 and NVX-CoV2601, our COVID-19 Vaccine or COVID-19 Program ), local regulatory authorities have also specified nomenclature for the labeling of NVX-CoV2373 and NVX-CoV2601 within their territories (e.g., Novavax COVID-19 Vaccine, Adjuvanted , Novavax COVID-19, Adjuvanted (2023-2024 Formula), respectively, for the U.S., and Nuvaxovid for ex-US territories)); our cash flow forecast and projected revenue, including potential royalties and milestones pursuant to our collaboration and license agreement (the Sanofi CLA with Sanofi Pasteur Inc. Sanofi potential market sizes and demand for our products and product candidates; the efficacy, safety, and intended utilization of our products and product candidates; the development of our clinical-stage product candidates and our recombinant vaccine and adjuvant technologies; the development of our preclinical product candidates; our expectations related to enrollment in our clinical trials; the conduct, timing, and potential results from clinical trials and other preclinical studies; plans for and potential timing of regulatory filings; our expectation of manufacturing capacity, timing, production, distribution, and delivery for our COVID-19 Vaccine by us and our partners; our expectations with respect to the anticipated ongoing development and commercialization or licensure of the COVID-19 Vaccine; our expectations with respect to the anticipated ongoing development of COVID-19 variant strain-containing monovalent or bivalent formulations, including the Phase 2b/3 Hummingbird trial, and our CIC vaccine candidate and our stand-alone influenza vaccine candidate including partnership efforts for our CIC vaccine candidate and stand-alone influenza vaccine candidate to advance towards a Biologics License Application ("BLA") filing and commercialization; efforts to expand the COVID-19 Vaccine label worldwide as a booster, and to various age groups and geographic locations; the expected timing, content, and outcomes of regulatory actions; funding under our advance purchase agreements APAs and supply agreements and amendments to, termination of, discussion regarding, or legal disputes relating to any such agreement; our available cash resources and usage and the availability of financing generally; plans regarding partnering activities and business development initiatives; our plans regarding APA amendments; and other matters referenced herein. Generally, forward-looking statements can be identified through the use of words or phrases such as believe, may, could, will, would, possible, can, estimate, continue, ongoing, consider, anticipate, intend, seek, plan, project, expect, should, would, aim, or assume, the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. 
 Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs and expectations about the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy, and other future conditions. Forward-looking statements involve estimates, assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements, and, therefore, you should not place considerable reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, our ability to successfully and timely manufacture, market, distribute, or deliver our COVID-19 Vaccine and the impact of our not having received a BLA from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration U.S. FDA for the 2024-2025 vaccination season; challenges related to our partnership with Sanofi and in pursuing additional partnership opportunities; challenges satisfying, alone or together with partners, various safety, efficacy, and product characterization requirements, including those related to process qualification, assay validation, and stability testing, necessary to satisfy applicable regulatory authorities; challenges or delays in conducting clinical trials or studies for our product candidates; challenges or delays in obtaining regulatory authorization for our product candidates, including for future COVID-19 variant strain changes, our COVID-19-Influenza CIC vaccine candidate, our stand-alone influenza vaccine candidate or other product candidates; manufacturing, distribution or export delays or challenges; our substantial dependence on Serum Institute of India Pvt. Ltd. SII and Serum Life Sciences Limited SLS and together with SII, Serum for co-formulation and filling our COVID-19 Vaccine and the impact of any delays or disruptions in their operations; difficulty obtaining scarce raw materials and supplies, including for our proprietary adjuvant; resource constraints, including human capital and manufacturing capacity, constraints on our ability to pursue planned regulatory pathways, alone or with partners, in multiple jurisdictions simultaneously, leading to staggering of regulatory filings, and potential regulatory actions; challenges in implementing the Restructuring Plan; our ability to timely deliver doses; challenges in obtaining commercial adoption and market acceptance of our COVID-19 Vaccine or any COVID-19 variant strain containing formulation, or our CIC vaccine candidates, stand-alone influenza vaccine candidates or other candidates; challenges meeting contractual requirements under 
 25 

agreements with multiple commercial, governmental, and other entities including requirements to deliver doses that may require us to refund portions of upfront and other payments previously received or result in reduced future payments pursuant to such agreements; challenges related to the seasonality of vaccinations against COVID-19; challenges related to the demand for vaccinations against COVID-19 or influenza; challenges in identifying and successfully pursuing innovation expansion opportunities; our expectation as to expenses and cash needs may prove not to be correct for reasons such as changes in plans or actual events being different than our assumptions and other risks and uncertainties identified in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024, Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024 and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which may be detailed and modified or updated in other documents filed with the SEC from time to time, and are available at www.sec.gov and at www.novavax.com. You are encouraged to read these filings as they are made. 
 We cannot guarantee future results, events, level of activity, performance, or achievement. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report may turn out to be inaccurate or materially different from actual results. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date when it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, unless required by law. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 Information in this Quarterly Report includes a financial measure that was not prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), which we refer to as adjusted cost of sales. We are presenting this non-GAAP financial measure to assist an understanding of our business and its performance. Adjusted cost of sales includes an estimate of standard manufacturing costs that were previously expensed to research and development prior to regulatory approvals for our COVID-19 Vaccine that would otherwise have been capitalized to inventory. Any non-GAAP financial measures presented are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for financial measures required by GAAP, have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP, and may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a global company focused on driving value via our proven technology platform (which includes a combination of a recombinant protein approach, innovative nanoparticle technology, and patented Matrix-M adjuvant) through partnerships and research and development. We continue to evolve our operating model to leverage four key drivers of value: a partnership with Sanofi announced in May 2024, a late-stage pipeline focuses on our CIC and standalone influenza vaccine candidates, leveraging our Matrix-M technology, and a new early-stage pipeline. 
 
 Our proprietary recombinant technology platform harnesses the power and speed of genetic engineering to efficiently produce highly immunogenic nanoparticle vaccines designed to address global health needs. 
 Our vaccine candidates are nanostructures of conformationally correct recombinant proteins that mimic those found on pathogens. This technology enables the immune system to recognize target proteins and develop protective immune responses. We believe that our vaccine technology may lead to the induction of a differentiated immune response that may be more efficacious than naturally occurring immunity or some other vaccine approaches. Our vaccine candidates also incorporate our proprietary saponin-based Matrix-M adjuvant to enhance the immune response, stimulate higher levels of functional antibodies, and induce a cellular immune response. 
 We have developed and manufactured our updated vaccine for the 2024-2025 vaccination season for use in individuals aged 12 and older. Our updated vaccine received Emergency Use Authorization EUA from the U.S. FDA in August 2024, Marketing Authorization in the European Union EU in September 2024 and approval from the Taiwan Food and Drug Administration in October 2024. 
 
 In the U.S., we were notified by the U.S. FDA that our BLA for our prototype vaccine and for NVX-CoV2601 was accepted for review with a Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA date of April 2025. 
 
 26 

In May 2024, we entered into the Sanofi CLA with Sanofi, to co-commercialize our COVID-19 Vaccine, including future updated versions that address seasonal COVID-19 variants. We will continue commercialization of our updated vaccine for the 2024-2025 vaccination season. Beginning in 2025 and continuing during the term of the Sanofi CLA, we and Sanofi will commercialize the COVID-19 Vaccine worldwide in accordance with a commercialization plan agreed by us and Sanofi, under which we will continue to supply its existing APA customers and strategic partners, including Takeda and SII. Upon completion of the existing APAs, we and Sanofi will jointly agree on commercialization activities of each party in each jurisdiction. Additionally, Sanofi has the right to develop novel influenza-COVID-19 combination vaccines utilizing our COVID-19 Vaccine and Sanofi s seasonal influenza vaccine, combination products containing our COVID-19 Vaccine and one or more non-influenza vaccines, and multiple new vaccines utilizing our Matrix-M TM adjuvant. We are eligible to receive royalties and milestones associated with the ongoing sales of our COVID-19 Vaccine and Sanofi s influenza-COVID-19 combination vaccine and any other combination vaccines Sanofi may develop, as well as ongoing product royalties for vaccines developed with our Matrix-M TM adjuvant. This partnership provides the opportunity for us to focus more on research and development and pipeline expansion. We discuss this agreement in further detail in Note 6 to our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 Additionally, our near-term focus is on developing a CIC vaccine candidate, as well as a stand-alone influenza vaccine candidate. We intend to begin enrolling our Phase 3 immunogenicity trial as soon as possible. We intend to explore opportunities to engage in strategic partnerships to advance the candidates to a BLA filing and commercialization. Furthermore, we provide our Matrix-M adjuvant for collaborations, including in R21/Matrix-M adjuvant malaria vaccine, which is authorized in several countries, as well as other preclinical vaccine research with our Matrix-M adjuvant, including through a partnership with the Bill Melinda Gates Medical Research Institute. 
 
 We intend to focus our organization to align our investments and activities with our top priorities of prioritizing the successful transition to our new partnership with Sanofi, executing our Phase 3 programs for the CIC and stand-alone influenza vaccine candidates, and delivering our updated vaccine. To maximize our opportunities and mitigate the significant risks and uncertainties of the COVID-19 market, we have progressed our cost restructuring measures to reduce spend, extend our cash runway, and operate efficiently to seek the best position for us to deliver longer-term growth. We discuss these cost restructuring strategies in greater detail in Note 15 to our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Technology Overview 
 We believe our recombinant nanoparticle vaccine technology and our proprietary Matrix-M adjuvant are well suited for the development and commercialization of vaccine candidates targeting areas both within and beyond the infectious disease space. 
 
 Recombinant Nanoparticle Vaccine Technology 
 Once a target of interest has been identified, the genetic sequence encoding an antigen is selected for developing the vaccine construct. The genetic sequence may be optimized to enhance protein stability or confer resistance to degradation. This genetic construct is inserted into the baculovirus Spodoptera frugiperda Sf-/BV insect cell-expression system, which enables efficient, large-scale expression of the optimized protein. The Sf-/BV system produces protein-based antigens that are properly folded and modified, which can be critical for functional, protective immunity. Protein antigens are purified and organized around a polysorbate-based nanoparticle core in a configuration that resembles their native presentation. This results in a highly immunogenic nanoparticle that is ready to be formulated with Matrix-M adjuvant. 
 Matrix-M Adjuvant 
 Our proprietary Matrix-M adjuvant is a key differentiator within our platform. This adjuvant has enabled potent, well tolerated, and durable efficacy by stimulating the entry of antigen presenting cells APCs into the injection site and enhancing antigen presentation in local lymph nodes. This in turn activates APCs, T-cell and B-cell populations, and plasma cells, which promote the production of high affinity antibodies, an immune boosting response. This potent mechanism of action enables a lower dose of antigen to achieve the desired immune response, thereby contributing to increased vaccine supply and manufacturing capacity. These immune-boosting and dose-sparing capabilities contribute to the adjuvant s highly unique profile. 
 
 We continue to evaluate commercial opportunities for the use of our Matrix-M adjuvant alongside vaccine antigens produced by other manufacturers. Matrix-M adjuvant is being evaluated in combination with several partner-led malaria vaccine candidates, including for R21/Matrix-M adjuvant, a malaria vaccine candidate created by the Jenner Institute, University of Oxford. The R21/Matrix-M adjuvant vaccine has been licensed to SII for commercialization, and in December 
 27 

2023, received prequalification by the World Health Organization WHO ). In July 2024, first commercial doses of the R21/Matrix-M adjuvant malaria vaccine were administered to children in Cote d Ivoire and South Sudan. Additionally, in May 2023, we entered into a three-year agreement with the Bill Melinda Gates Medical Research Institute to provide our Matrix-M adjuvant for use in preclinical vaccine research. In June 2023, we signed a material transfer agreement with SK bioscience Co., Ltd. SK for use of our Matrix-M adjuvant in preclinical vaccine experiments for shingles, influenza, and pan-COVID-19. Our adjuvant technology is also being used by commercial partners as a key component in veterinary vaccines against equine influenza and Strangles, as well as the manufacture of black-widow anti-venom. In May 2024, pursuant to the Sanofi CLA, Sanofi received a non-exclusive license to develop and commercialize other vaccine products that include our Matrix-M adjuvant. 

COVID-19 Vaccine Regulatory and Licensure 
 
 For our updated vaccine for the 2024-2025 vaccination season, in August 2024, we received EUA from the U.S. FDA for active immunization to prevent COVID-19 in individuals aged 12 and older. Our updated vaccine is included in the recommendations issued by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in June 2024. 
 
 In October 2024, we were granted Marketing Authorization by the European Commission for our updated vaccine for use in individuals aged 12 and older for the prevention of COVID-19 in the EU. This decision followed the positive opinion from the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use of the European Medicines Agency EMA ). 
 
 Additionally, in October 2024, we received approval by the Taiwan Food and Drug Administration for our updated vaccine for use in individuals aged 12 and older. 
 
 We are working to continue to expand our label for primary and re-vaccination in younger children, and to achieve supportive policy recommendations enabling broad market access. We continue to work closely with governments, regulatory authorities, and non-governmental organizations in our commitment to facilitate global access to our COVID-19 vaccine. 

Product Pipeline 
 Our clinical pipeline encompasses vaccine candidates for infectious diseases. Our COVID-19 vaccine, partnered with Sanofi, is our most advanced product. We will continue to commercialize our JN.1 COVID vaccine through the end of the 2024-2025 vaccination season. Beyond our COVID-19 vaccine, our clinical pipeline includes a CIC vaccine candidate and a stand-alone influenza vaccine candidate. Additionally, we intend to develop an early-stage pipeline based on our proven technology platform, moving forward with pandemic influenza and respiratory syncytial virus RSV combinations. Beyond our own pipeline, our Matrix-M adjuvant is being used for collaboration in R21/Matrix-M adjuvant malaria vaccine as well as, licensing rights to Sanofi for development of vaccines using our Matrix-M adjuvant or in combination with our existing COVID-19 product. 
 
 28 

(1) Authorized in select geographies under trade names Novavax COVID-19 Vaccine, Adjuvanted; Covovax and Nuvaxovid , and authorized in the U.S. under trade name, Novavax COVID-19 Vaccine, Adjuvanted (2024-2025 Formula); Ongoing post-authorization Phase 3 strain change trial. 
 (2) Commercialized by SII; Granted prequalification by the WHO and distributed by UNICEF to endemic countries in Africa. 
 
 Coronavirus Vaccine Clinical Development 
 We continue efforts to expand our COVID-19 vaccine label within the adolescent and pediatric indications. Additionally, we continue to evaluate vaccine safety, immunogenicity, and effectiveness through ongoing clinical trials and collaborative evidence-generating real-world studies. 
 Phase 3 Strain-Change and Re-vaccination Studies 
 In October 2024, we initiated and fully enrolled Study 315 to evaluate safety and immunogenicity of a single dose of the JN.1 subvariant vaccine NVX-CoV2705 in previously vaccinated adults. Topline data is expected in the first quarter of 2025 and is expected to support regulatory submissions in the U.S. and other territories for this and future variant strain formulations. 
 
 In July 2024, we locked the database for 338 participants aged 18 and older in Part 2 of the Study 313, which will evaluate the immunogenicity of a single dose of the XBB.1.5 subvariant vaccine NVX-CoV2601 in previously unvaccinated individuals. Data from Study 313 are intended to support BLA supplements and similar regulatory submissions in other territories for future variant strain formulations. 
 Phase 2b/3 Pediatric Hummingbird Study 
 In August 2023, we announced topline results from our Phase 2b/3 Hummingbird trial that met its primary endpoints in children aged 6 through 11 years demonstrating both tolerability and immunologic responses. This ongoing trial is evaluating the safety, effectiveness (immunogenicity), and efficacy of two doses of our prototype vaccine (NVX-CoV2373), followed by a booster 6 months after the primary vaccination series. The trial completed enrollment in September 2023 and includes three age de-escalation cohorts of 1,200 children each. In previous consultations with the U.S. FDA, the filing strategy included filing a supplemental BLA for children in these age cohorts once the initial BLA is approved. We are in discussion with the U.S. FDA regarding additional immunogenicity studies in light of the progressive increase in the number of children with baseline COVID-19 natural immunity during the enrollment period, which began in August 2022. 
 29 

COVID-Influenza Combination and Stand-alone Influenza Program 
 In October 2024, the U.S. FDA placed a clinical hold on the Investigational New Drug IND for our CIC and stand-alone influenza vaccine candidates. The U.S. FDA s clinical hold resulted from a spontaneous report of a serious adverse event in a participant who received the CIC vaccine in a Phase 2 trial that completed in 2023. The U.S. FDA had requested additional information on this event, initially reported as motor neuropathy. The additional information included a change in the event term to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, a condition that is not known to be immune-mediated or associated with vaccination, which in this event was assessed as not related to vaccination. In November 2024, the U.S. FDA removed the clinical hold on the IND for our CIC and stand-alone influenza vaccine candidates following the determination that we satisfactorily addressed all clinical hold issues. The information provided to the FDA supported our assessment that the serious adverse event was not related to our vaccine. We intend to begin enrolling our Phase 3 immunogenicity trial as soon as possible. 
 
 We continue to invest in development of our pipeline that uses our recombinant nanoparticle technology platform and Matrix-M adjuvant. We continue to believe these assets are key value drivers and intend to partner these assets towards a BLA filing. In addition, they may also be attractive from a pandemic preparedness perspective, and similar performance in terms of comparative immunogenicity may be expected for influenza pandemic strains. 
 
 High-dose COVID-19 Vaccine Study 
 In August 2024, we locked the database for a Phase 2 trial to evaluate our high-dose COVID-19 vaccine for annual vaccination in 994 adults ages 50 years and older. The trial measured immunogenicity levels of 5 micrograms of NVX-CoV2373 and of 5 micrograms, 35 micrograms, and 50 micrograms of NVX-CoV2601 matched with different levels of Matrix-M TM adjuvant. Analysis of the complete dataset is ongoing to determine the utility of pursuing a high dose formulation. 
 R21/Matrix-M Adjuvant Malaria Vaccine 
 R21/Matrix-M adjuvant malaria vaccine, formulated with our Matrix-M adjuvant is developed by our partner, the Jenner Institute, University of Oxford, and manufactured by SII. We have an agreement with SII related to its manufacture of R21/Matrix-M adjuvant malaria vaccine under which SII purchases our Matrix-M adjuvant for use in development activities at cost and for commercial purposes at a tiered commercial supply price, and pays a royalty in the single- to low-double digit range based on vaccine sales for a period of 15 years after the first commercial sale of the vaccine in each country. 
 In December 2023, the WHO announced it prequalified the R21/Matrix-M TM adjuvant malaria vaccine to prevent malaria disease in children caused by the P. falciparum parasite in endemic areas. In July 2024, first commercial doses of R21/Matrix-M adjuvant malaria vaccine have been administered to children in Cote d Ivoire and South Sudan. As part of the WHO malaria program, at their discretion, the vaccine is expected to be included in countries such as Central African Republic, Chad, Democratic Republic of Congo, Mozambique, Nigeria and Uganda. 

Business Highlights 
 Successful Execution of Sanofi Partnership 
 Advanced preparation for Sanofi to assume lead commercial responsibility of Nuvaxovid COVID-19 vaccine for 2025-2026 vaccination season in the U.S., Europe and select major markets not currently subject to our APAs or existing partnership agreements. 
 
 On track for our pediatric clinical trial database lock for the first cohort in the fourth quarter of 2024, achievement triggers a 50 million milestone payment. 
 
 Drive Incremental Value from our Proven Technology Platform 
 
 In November 2024, the U.S. FDA removed the clinical hold on our IND application for our CIC and stand-alone influenza vaccine candidates. We are working to initiate the Phase 3 immunogenicity clinical trial for CIC and stand-alone influenza candidates as soon as possible. 
 
 Signed a Matrix-M adjuvant related agreement with a leading pharmaceutical company to enable exploration of our technology for the potential advancement of their pipeline candidates. 
 
 Outlined guiding principles of new Research Development R D strategy based on its proven technology platform and announced the appointment of Ruxandra Draghia-Akli, MD, PhD as Executive Vice President and Head 
 30 

of R D. 
 
 Continued to advance pandemic influenza and RSV pre-clinical programs towards IND readiness, with a focus on RSV-combination options. 
 
 Continue Evolution of our Company and Reduce Operating Expenses 
 
 On track with cost structure improvements, including an approximate 26 reduction in combined R D and Selling, General and Administrative expenses in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period for 2023. 
 
 Deliver an Updated COVID-19 Vaccine for the 2024-2025 Vaccination Season 
 
 U.S. Market: 
 
 Received EUA from the U.S. FDA in individuals aged 12 and older. 
 
 Entered the market with an improved product presentation and broader access - Nuvaxovid available in pre-filled syringe presentation in over 30,000 locations across major pharmacy retailers and regional grocers in the U.S. 
 
 Our COVID-19 vaccine BLA PDUFA with an action date of April 2025 and updated to include both JN.1 variant and pre-filled syringe presentation. Achievement of BLA approval triggers a 175 million milestone payment from Sanofi. 
 
 Global Markets: 
 
 Received global authorizations including in the European Union, Canada, and Taiwan. 

Sales of Common Stock 
 In August 2023, we entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the August 2023 Sales Agreement ), which allows us to issue and sell up to 500 million in gross proceeds of shares of our common stock, and terminated our then-existing At Market Issuance Sales agreement entered into in June 2021 (the June 2021 Sales Agreement ). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 12.2 million shares of our common stock under the August 2023 Sales Agreement, resulting in net proceeds of approximately 188 million. There were no sales recorded under the August 2023 Sales Agreement during the three months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining balance available under the August 2023 Sales Agreement was approximately 51 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we sold 25.7 million shares of our common stock under our June 2021 Sales Agreement and August 2023 Sales Agreement resulting in net proceeds of approximately 211 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we sold 17.8 million shares of our common stock under our August 2023 Sales Agreement resulting in net proceeds of approximately 143 million . 
 In May 2024, we also entered into a securities subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement with Sanofi, pursuant to which we sold and issued to Sanofi, in a private placement, 6.9 million shares of our common stock at a price of 10.00 per share for aggregate gross proceeds to us of 68.8 million. 
 In August 2023, we entered into a Securities Subscription Agreement with SK, pursuant to which the we agreed to sell and issue to SK 6.5 million shares of our common stock at a price of 13.00 per share (the SK Shares in a private placement (the Private Placement for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 84.5 million . We recognized the SK Shares at the settlement date fair value of 46.5 million . The closing of the Private Placement occurred on August 10, 2023. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our accompanying unaudited financial statements and the unaudited accompanying notes, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and equity and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Our critical accounting policies and estimates are included under Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC and are updated below to incorporate revenue recognition from licensing and transition services 
 31 

included in Licensing, royalties and other in our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition, Licensing and Transition Services 
 The terms of licensing agreements may contain multiple performance obligations, which may include licenses and transition services. We evaluate licensing agreements under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), to determine the distinct performance obligations. Prior to recognizing revenue, we estimate the transaction price, including variable consideration that is subject to a constraint. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur and when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Total consideration may include nonrefundable upfront license fees, transition service fees, other payments based upon the achievement of specified milestones, and royalty payments based on product sales from licensed products. 
 For multiple distinct performance obligation arrangements, we allocate the transaction price to each distinct performance obligation based on its relative stand-alone selling price. The stand-alone selling price is generally determined for each performance obligation based on the prices charged to customers, discounted cash flows, or using expected cost-plus margin. For stand-alone selling prices determined using discounted cash flows, we consider discounted, probability-weighted cash flows related to the performance obligation transferred. In developing such estimates, we apply judgment in determining the forecasted revenues expected margins, and the discount rate. These estimates are subjective and require us any to make assumptions about future cash flows. Revenue related to performance obligations satisfied at a point in time is recognized when the customer obtains control of the promised asset. For performance obligations recognized over time, we recognize revenue using an input method to measure progress by utilizing costs incurred to-date relative to total expected costs. Under this process, we consider the costs that have been incurred to-date, as well as projections to completion using various inputs and assumptions, including, but not limited to, progress towards completion, labor costs and level of effort, material and subcontractor costs, indirect administrative costs, and other identified risks. Estimating the total cost at completion of our performance obligation under a contract is subjective and requires us to make assumptions about future activity and cost drivers. Changes in these estimates can occur for a variety of reasons and may impact the timing of revenue recognition on our contracts. Changes in estimates related to the process are recognized in the period when such changes are made on a cumulative catch-up basis. We have not experienced any material adjustments as a result of changes in estimates arising from this process. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (under the caption Recent Accounting Pronouncements ). 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following is a discussion of the historical financial condition and results of our operations that should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes set forth in this Quarterly Report. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change Revenue (in thousands): Product sales 38,210 2,231 35,979 Licensing, royalties, and other 46,302 19,833 26,469 Grants 
 164,922 (164,922) Total revenue 84,512 186,986 (102,474) 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 84.5 million as compared to 187.0 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 102.5 million. Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily comprised of revenue from product sales of COVID-19 Vaccine and revenue from transition services and technology transfer under the Sanofi Collaboration and Licensing Agreement Sanofi CLA ). Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily comprised of services performed under our U.S. government agreement with Advanced Technology 
 32 

International USG Agreement ), the Consortium Management Firm acting on behalf of the Medical CBRN Defense Consortium in connection with the partnership formerly known as Operation Warp Speed. The decrease in revenue is primarily due to a decrease in revenue under the USG Agreement during the three months ended September 30, 2024 because we recognized the full contract funding in revenue by the end of 2023, partially offset by an increase in the quantity of dose sales of COVID-19 Vaccine and licensing, royalties, and other revenue from the Sanofi CLA. 
 Product sales 
 Product sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 38.2 million as compared to 2.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our product sales related to revenue from commercial sales of COVID-19 Vaccine, which commenced in 2022. 
 The geographic distribution of product sales was as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change North America 
 33,969 2,231 31,738 Europe 1,167 1,167 Rest of the world 
 3,074 3,074 Total product sales 
 38,210 2,231 35,979 
 Licensing, royalties, and other 
 Licensing, royalties, and other includes licensing payments, transition services and technology transfer revenue under the Sanofi CLA; royalty milestone payments; sales-based royalties; and Matrix-M adjuvant sales. Licensing, royalties, and other revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 46.3 million as compared to 19.8 million during the same period in 2023, an increase of 26.5 million. The increase was primarily due to 32.7 million of revenue from transition services and technology transfer under the Sanofi CLA, partially offset by a decrease of Matrix-M adjuvant sales and sales-based royalties. 
 Grants 
 We did not have any Grant revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 164.9 million during the same period in 2023, a decrease of 164.9 million. Grant revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was comprised of revenue for services performed under our USG Agreement. As of December 31, 2023, we had recognized the full contract funding under the USG Agreement in revenue. 
 Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change Expenses (in thousands): Cost of sales 60,619 98,929 (38,310) Research and development 87,164 106,229 (19,065) Selling, general, and administrative 70,747 107,460 (36,713) Total expenses 218,530 312,618 (94,088) 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales was 60.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, including expenses of 6.2 million related to excess, obsolete, or expired inventory and losses on certain firm purchase commitments, 3.8 million ROU asset impairment charges for Contract Manufacturing Organization ("CMO") manufacturing capacity of excess quantities, 18.2 million related to unutilized manufacturing capacity, and a credit of 0.7 million related to certain negotiated reductions to previously recognized firm purchase commitments. Cost of sales was 98.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, including expense of 81.6 million related to excess, obsolete, or expired inventory and losses on firm purchase 
 33 

commitments and 14.3 million related to unutilized manufacturing capacity, partially offset by 21.5 million of negotiated reductions to certain previously recognized firm purchase commitments. Prior to receiving regulatory approval, we expensed manufacturing costs as research and development expenses. After receiving regulatory approval, we capitalize the costs of production for a particular supply chain when we determine that we have a present right to the economic benefit associated with the product. While we tracked the quantities of our manufactured vaccine product and components, we did not track pre-approval manufacturing costs and therefore the manufacturing cost of our pre-launch inventory produced prior to approval is not reasonably determinable. If inventory sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was valued at expected standard cost, including expenses related to excess and obsolete inventory, adjusted cost of sales for the period would have been approximately 60.9 million, an adjustment of 0.3 million as compared to cost of sales recognized. If inventory sold for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was valued at expected standard cost, adjusted cost of sales for the period would have been approximately 103.2 million, an adjustment of 4.3 million. The cost of sales as a percentage of product sales may fluctuate in the future as a result of changes to our customer pricing mix or standard costs. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 87.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 106.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 19.1 million. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in overall expenditures relating to development activities on coronavirus vaccines, including our COVID-19 Program, and CIC, as summarized in the table below (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Coronavirus vaccines 21,798 41,263 Other vaccine development programs 
 2,660 753 Total direct external research and development expense 24,458 42,016 Employee expenses 33,504 33,957 Stock-based compensation expense 5,166 10,022 Facility expenses 13,855 12,360 Other expenses 10,181 7,874 Total research and development expenses 87,164 106,229 
 Research and development expenses for coronavirus vaccines for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 decreased from 41.3 million to 21.8 million primarily as a result of a reduction in manufacturing and support costs due, in part, to a reduction in our global manufacturing footprint consistent with our contractual obligations to supply, and anticipated demand for, COVID-19 Vaccine, including embedded lease costs, under manufacturing supply agreements with CMOs and contract manufacturing and development organizations CDMOs ). 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses were 70.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 107.5 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 36.7 million. The decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses is primarily due to certain cost containment measures to reduce our operating spend. 
 For the remainder of 2024, we expect a reduction in our annual combined research and development, and selling, general, and administrative spend as a result of our Restructuring Plan as discussed in Note 15 to our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change Other income (expense), net (in thousands): 
 Interest expense (4,236) (2,859) (1,377) Other income (expense) 
 15,922 (2,982) 18,904 Total other income (expense), net 
 11,686 (5,841) 17,527 
 34 

Total other income (expense), net was 11.7 million of income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to a total other income (expense), net of 5.8 million of expense for the same period in 2023. The increase in other income (expense), net is primarily due to the favorable impact in 2024 as compared to 2023 of exchange rates on foreign currency denominated balances, including an intercompany loan with Novavax CZ, additional interest income from higher Cash and cash equivalents and Marketable securities balances, and a gain on insurance recoveries. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an income tax benefit of 1.3 million related to federal, state, and foreign income taxes, partially offset by foreign withholding tax expense of 0.3 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized an income tax benefit of 0.7 million related to federal, state, and foreign income taxes. 
 Net Loss 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change Net Loss (in thousands, except per share information): 
 Net loss 
 (121,300) (130,776) 9,476 Net loss per share, basic and dilutive 
 (0.76) (1.26) 0.50 Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and dilutive 
 160,049 103,429 56,620 
 Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 121.3 million, or 0.76 per share, basic and dilutive, as compared to net loss of 130.8 million, or 1.26 per share, basic and dilutive, for the same period in 2023. The increase in net loss during the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to a decrease in total revenue, partially offset by a decrease in total expenses. 
 The increase in weighted average shares outstanding for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily a result of sales of our common stock. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Revenue (in thousands): Product sales 140,438 279,937 (139,499) Licensing, royalties, and other 453,413 23,046 430,367 Grants 
 389,380 (389,380) Total revenue 593,851 692,363 (98,512) 
 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 593.9 million as compared to 692.4 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 98.5 million. Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily comprised of revenue from licensing and product sales of COVID-19 Vaccine. Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily comprised of revenue from product sales of COVID-19 Vaccine and services performed under our USG Agreement. The decrease in revenue is due to a decrease in revenue under the USG Agreement and in the quantity of dose sales of COVID-19 Vaccine, partially offset by licensing, royalties, and other revenue from the Sanofi CLA. 
 Product sales 
 Product sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 140.4 million as compared to 279.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our product sales related to revenue from commercial sales of COVID-19 Vaccine, which commenced in 2022. Our product sales primarily related to sales of COVID-19 Vaccine under our APA 
 35 

agreements. 
 The geographic distribution of product sales was as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change North America 
 29,214 2,231 26,983 Europe 91,753 59,322 32,431 Rest of the world 
 19,471 218,384 (198,913) Total product sales 
 140,438 279,937 (139,499) 
 Licensing, royalties, and other 
 Licensing, royalties, and other includes licensing payments, transition services revenue, and technology transfer revenue under the Sanofi CLA; royalty milestone payments; sales-based royalties; and Matrix-M adjuvant sales. Licensing, royalties, and other revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 453.4 million as compared to 23.0 million during the same period in 2023, an increase of 430.4 million. The increase was primarily due to 389.6 million of licensing revenue from the Sanofi CLA, which represents the amount of the 500 million upfront payment recognized at a point-in-time. The remaining amount of the upfront payment will be recognized in revenue as transition services and technology transfer are performed over time. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 39.4 million of transition services and technology transfer revenue based on progress completed. 
 Grants 
 We did not have any Grant revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 389.4 million during the same period in 2023, a decrease of 389.4 million. Grant revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was comprised of revenue for services performed under our USG Agreement. As of December 31, 2023, we had recognized the full contract funding under the USG Agreement in revenue. 
 Expenses 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Expenses (in thousands): Cost of sales 166,070 188,792 (22,722) Research and development 286,789 572,805 (286,016) Selling, general, and administrative 258,843 313,709 (54,866) Total expenses 711,702 1,075,306 (363,604) 
 36 

Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales was 166.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, including expenses of 26.4 million related to excess, obsolete, or expired inventory and losses on certain firm purchase commitments, 3.8 million ROU asset impairment charges for CMO manufacturing capacity of excess quantities, 37.1 million related to unutilized manufacturing capacity, and a credit of 0.7 million related to certain negotiated reductions to previously recognized firm purchase commitments. Cost of sales was 188.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, including expense of 121.6 million related to excess, obsolete, or expired inventory and losses on firm purchase commitments, 30.1 million related to unutilized manufacturing capacity, and a credit of 40.3 million related to negotiated reductions to certain previously recognized firm purchase commitments. Prior to receiving regulatory approval, we expensed manufacturing costs as research and development expenses. After receiving regulatory approval, we capitalize the costs of production for a particular supply chain when we determine that we have a present right to the economic benefit associated with the product. While we tracked the quantities of our manufactured vaccine product and components, we did not track pre-approval manufacturing costs and therefore the manufacturing cost of our pre-launch inventory produced prior to approval is not reasonably determinable. If inventory sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was valued at expected standard cost, including expenses related to excess and obsolete inventory, adjusted cost of sales for the period would have been approximately 167.9 million, an adjustment of 1.8 million as compared to cost of sales recognized. If inventory sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was valued at expected standard cost, adjusted cost of sales for the period would have been approximately 224 million, an adjustment of 35.2 million. The cost of sales as a percentage of product sales may fluctuate in the future as a result of changes to our customer pricing mix or standard costs. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses decreased to 286.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 572.8 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 286.0 million. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in overall expenditures relating to development activities on coronavirus vaccines, including our COVID-19 Program, and CIC, as summarized in the table below (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 Coronavirus vaccines 87,759 321,132 Other vaccine development programs 3,395 2,786 Total direct external research and development expense 91,154 323,918 Employee expenses 107,696 133,502 Stock-based compensation expense 16,848 33,826 Facility expenses 38,551 45,920 Other expenses 32,540 35,639 Total research and development expenses 286,789 572,805 
 Research and development expenses for coronavirus vaccines for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 decreased from 321.1 million to 87.8 million primarily as a result of a reduction in manufacturing and support costs due, in part, to a reduction in our global manufacturing footprint consistent with our contractual obligations to supply, and anticipated demand for, COVID-19 Vaccine, including embedded lease costs, under manufacturing supply agreements with CMOs and CDMOs. The decrease was also due to a benefit of 26.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulting from the Confidential Settlement Agreement and Release agreement entered into with Fujifilm resulting in a reduction to previously recorded expense (see Note 6 to our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements). 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased to 258.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 313.7 million for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 54.9 million. Excluding the Sanofi transaction related costs of 31.7 million, the decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses is primarily due to certain cost containment measures to reduce our operating spend. 
 For the remainder of 2024, we expect a reduction in our annual combined research and development, and selling, general, and administrative spend as a result of our Restructuring Plan as discussed in Note 15 to our accompanying unaudited 
 37 

consolidated financial statements. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 2023 
 Change Other income (expense), net (in thousands): 
 Interest expense (12,490) (10,299) (2,191) Other income 
 27,307 26,912 395 Total other income (expense), net 
 14,817 16,613 (1,796) 
 Total other income (expense), net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 14.8 million of income as compared to 16.6 million of income for the same period in 2023, a decrease of 1.8 million. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an income tax expense of 3.4 million related to federal, state, and foreign income taxes and foreign withholding taxes. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized an income tax expense of 0.3 million related to federal, state, and foreign income taxes. 
 Net Loss 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net Loss (in thousands, except per share information): 
 Net Loss 
 (106,469) (366,673) 260,204 Net Loss per share, basic and dilutive 
 (0.71) (3.94) 3.23 Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and dilutive 
 149,486 93,046 56,440 
 Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 106.5 million, or 0.71 per share, basic and dilutive, as compared to net loss of 366.7 million, or 3.94 per share, basic and dilutive, for the same period in 2023. The decrease in net loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to a decrease in research and development expenses. 
 The increase in weighted average shares outstanding for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily a result of sales of our common stock. 
 
 Liquidity Matters and Capital Resources 
 Our future capital requirements depend on numerous factors including, but not limited to, revenue from our product sales, milestone payments, royalties and reimbursements under licensing arrangements with our strategic partners; our projected activities related to the development and commercial support of our COVID-19 Vaccine and our CIC and stand-alone influenza vaccine candidates, including significant commitments under various clinical research organizations, CMO, and CDMO agreements; the progress of preclinical studies and clinical trials; the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals; the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending, and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights; and other manufacturing, sales, and distribution costs. We plan to continue developing other vaccines and product candidates, such as our potential combination vaccine candidates, which are in various stages of development. Our ability to generate revenue from product sales is subject to uncertainty specifically as it relates to our ability to successfully develop, manufacture, distribute, and market our updated vaccine and to successfully execute on our APAs, as discussed below. Additionally, our plans include our ongoing restructuring and cost reduction measures (see Note 15 to our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements), and may also include raising additional capital through a combination of additional equity and debt financing, collaborations, strategic alliances, asset sales, and marketing, distribution, or licensing arrangements. New financings may not be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain additional capital, we will assess our capital resources and may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate some or all of our operations, or further downsize our organization, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations. 
 38 

In May 2024, we entered into the Sanofi CLA pursuant to which Sanofi received: 
 i) A co-exclusive license to commercialize our current stand-alone COVID-19 Vaccine, including our prototype vaccine and updated vaccines, that address seasonal variants throughout the world (the COVID-19 Vaccine Products 
 ii) A sole license to develop and commercialize combination products containing a potential combination of our COVID-19 Vaccine and Sanofi s seasonal influenza vaccine COVID-19 and influenza Combination Products or CIC Products 
 iii) A non-exclusive license to develop and commercialize combination products containing both our COVID-19 Vaccine and one or more non-influenza vaccines Other Combination Products and together with the COVID-19 Vaccine Products, CIC Products, and Other Combination Products Licensed COVID-19 Products ); and 
 iv) A non-exclusive license to develop and commercialize other vaccine products selected by Sanofi that include our Matrix-M adjuvant. 
 Under the Sanofi CLA, we received a non-refundable upfront payment of 500 million. In addition, we will also be eligible to receive development, technology transfer, launch, and sales milestone payments totaling up to 700 million in the aggregate with respect to the Licensed COVID-19 Products and royalty payments on Sanofi s sales of such licensed products. In addition, we are eligible to receive development, launch, and sales milestone payments of up to 200 million for each of the first four Adjuvant Products and 210 million for each Adjuvant Product thereafter, and royalty payments on Sanofi s sales of all such licensed products. 
 Commencing shortly after the effective date of the Sanofi CLA, we commenced activities related to the technology transfer of our manufacturing process for the COVID-19 Vaccine Products and Matrix-M components to Sanofi. Until the successful completion of such transfer, we will supply Sanofi with both COVID-19 Vaccine Products and Matrix-M intermediary components for Sanofi s use and are eligible for reimbursement of such costs from Sanofi. Additionally, Sanofi will reimburse us for our research and development and medical affairs costs related to the COVID-19 Vaccine Products in accordance with agreed upon plans and budgets. 
 Under the Sanofi CLA, we will continue to commercialize the updated vaccine. Beginning in 2025 and continuing during the term of the Sanofi CLA, we and Sanofi will commercialize the COVID-19 Vaccine Products worldwide in accordance with a commercialization plan agreed by us and Sanofi, under which we will continue to supply our existing APA customers and strategic partners, including Takeda and SII. Upon completion of the existing APAs, we and Sanofi will jointly agree on commercialization activities of each party in each jurisdiction. 
 In May 2024, we also entered into the Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which we sold and issued to Sanofi, in a private placement, 6.9 shares of our common stock at a price of 10.00 per share for aggregate gross proceeds to us of 68.8 million. 
 We have also entered into supply agreements, sometimes referred to as APAs, with various countries globally. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied), excluding amounts related to sales-based royalties under the licensing agreements, was approximately 1.3 billion, of which 1.1 billion is included in Deferred revenue on our consolidated balance sheet. Failure to timely meet regulatory milestones, obtain timely supportive recommendations from governmental advisory committees, or achieve product volume or delivery timing obligations under our APAs may require us to refund portions of upfront or other payments or result in reduced future payments, which could adversely impact our ability to realize revenue from our unsatisfied performance obligations. The timing to fulfill performance obligations related to supply agreements will depend on timing of product manufacturing, receipt of marketing authorizations for additional indications, delivery of doses based on customer demand, and the ability of the customer to request variant vaccine under certain of our APAs. The supply agreements typically contain terms that include upfront payments intended to assist us in funding investments related to building out and operating our manufacturing and distribution network, among other expenses, in support of our global supply commitment, and are applied to billings upon delivery of COVID-19 Vaccine. Such upfront payments generally become non-refundable upon our achievement of certain development, regulatory, and commercial milestones. Additionally, for the remaining APA agreements, our intent is to amicably negotiate or deliver doses or when appropriate, exit agreements. 
 In October 2023, NVX-CoV2601 received EUA from the U.S. FDA for active immunization to prevent COVID-19 in individuals aged 12 and older. Immediately upon authorization, NVX-CoV2601 has also been included in the recommendations issued by the CDC in September 2023. Doses became available within the U.S. at many major pharmacy retailers, following the 
 39 

Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research release of vaccine batches. We have established reserves for gross-to-net deductions for amounts that we expect to return to our customers. As of September 30, 2024, gross-to-net reserve balances were 78.3 million related to product returns and 24.6 million related to wholesale distributor fees, discounts, and chargebacks and was included in Accrued expenses on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement with Fujifilm (see Note 6 to our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements), in March 2024, we paid 42.0 million to Fujifilm, the parties agreed to a mutual release of claims arising from, under or otherwise in connection with the prior confidential settlement agreement and release effective September 30, 2022, and Fujifilm agreed to dismiss its demand for arbitration with the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services JAMS ). This payment is less than amounts previously recognized as embedded lease expense and reflected in Research and development expenses from Fujifilm manufacturing activity and accordingly, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a benefit of 26.6 million as Research and development expenses. 
 We have an APA with the Commonwealth of Australia Australia for the purchase of doses of COVID-19 Vaccine (the Australia APA ). In March 2024, we and Australia agreed to cancel the COVID-19 Vaccine doses previously scheduled for delivery in the fourth quarter of 2023. As a result of the cancellation, the total contract value was reduced by 54.0 million, including 6.0 million of deferred revenue related to the cancelled doses that will be applied as a credit towards future deliveries of doses. Australia is not required to purchase updated vaccine doses until we receive authorization from Therapeutic Goods Administration TGA ). We do not expect approval in time for product delivery in 2024 which could result in a loss or deferral of approximately 240 million of contract value. We plan to seek an amendment to the Australia APA which may not be achievable on acceptable terms or at all. As of September 30, 2024, 119.1 million was classified as current Deferred revenue and 14.7 million was classified as non-current Deferred revenue with respect to the Australia APA in our consolidated balance sheet. If we are unable to satisfy our obligations under the amended Australia APA, 92.5 million of deferred revenue may become refundable and approximately 225 million of remaining funds under the contract may no longer be available. 
 In July 2024, the Pharmaceutical Management Agency Pharmac ), a New Zealand Crown entity, provided notice of its termination of its APA (the New Zealand APA ). Pharmac has requested a refund of certain advanced payments, and we are in discussion with Pharmac regarding whether a refund of the advanced payments is appropriate under the New Zealand APA. As of September 30, 2024, 31.3 million was reclassified from current Deferred revenue to Other current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. Approximately 125 million of the contract value related to future deliverables may no longer be available if the New Zealand APA is terminated. We responded to Pharmac in September 2024 indicating we do not believe Pharmac has the right to unilaterally terminate the contract or receive a refund of any part of the remaining upfront payment. 
 
 We have an APA with His Majesty the King in Right of Canada as represented by the Minister of Public Works and Government Services, as successor in interest to Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Canada, as represented by the Minister of Public Works and Government Services (the Canadian government ), for the purchase of doses of COVID-19 Vaccine (the Canada APA ). The Canadian government may terminate the Canada APA, as amended, if we fail to receive regulatory approval for its COVID-19 Vaccine using bulk antigen produced at Biologics Manufacturing Centre BMC Inc. on or before December 31, 2024. We do not expect to receive regulatory approval of our COVID-19 Vaccine using bulk antigen produced at BMC on or before December 31, 2024 . Therefore, we plan to seek an amendment to the Canada APA to address possible alternatives, which may not be achievable on acceptable terms or at all. As of September 30, 2024, 452.1 million was classified as current Deferred revenue and 136.1 million was classified as non-current Deferred revenue with respect to the Canadian APA in our consolidated balance sheet. If the Canadian government terminates the Canada APA, 28.0 million of the deferred revenue would become refundable and approximately 224 million of the contract value related to future deliverables would no longer be available. 
 In September 2022, we entered into an Amended and Restated SARS-CoV-2 Vaccine Supply Agreement (the Amended and Restated UK Supply Agreement with The Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (as assigned to the UK Health Security Agency), acting on behalf of the government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (the Authority ), which amended and restated in its entirety the SARS-CoV-2 Vaccine Supply Agreement, dated October 22, 2020, between the parties (the Original UK Supply Agreement ). Under the terms of the Amended and Restated UK Supply Agreement, the Authority agreed to purchase a minimum of 1 million doses and up to an additional 15 million doses (the Conditional Doses of our prototype vaccine, with the number of Conditional Doses contingent on, and subject to reduction based on, our timely achievement of supportive recommendations from the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation JCVI that is approved by the UK Secretary of State for Health. If the Authority did not purchase the Conditional Doses or the number of such Conditional Doses was reduced below 15 million doses of our prototype vaccine, we would have to repay up to 225.0 million related to the upfront payment previously received from the Authority under the Original UK Supply Agreement. Under the Amended and Restated UK Supply Agreement, the Authority also has the option to purchase up to an additional 44 million doses, in one or more tranches, through 2024. 
 40 

As of November 30, 2022, the JCVI had not made a supportive recommendation with respect to our prototype vaccine, thereby triggering, under the terms of the Amended and Restated UK Supply Agreement, (i) a reduction of the number of Conditional Doses from 15 million doses to 7.5 million doses, which reduced number of Conditional Doses were contingent on, and subject to further reduction based on, our timely achievement by November 30, 2023 of a supportive recommendation from JCVI that is approved by the UK Secretary of State for Health as described in the paragraph above, and (ii) an obligation for us to repay 112.5 million related to the upfront payment previously received from the Authority under the Original UK Supply Agreement. In April 2023, we repaid the 112.5 million related to the November 30, 2022 triggering event. As of November 30, 2023, the JCVI had not made a supportive recommendation with respect to the prototype vaccine, thereby triggering a reduction in the number of Conditional Doses from 7.5 million doses to zero. 
 In November 2024, we and the Authority entered into a Termination and Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Agreement and a Letter of Amendment to the Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Agreement Amendment ), relating to the Amended and Restated Supply Agreement by and between us and the Authority, settling the disputes regarding the Amended and Restated Supply Agreement and releasing both parties of all claims arising out of or connected with the Amended and Restated Supply Agreement. 
 Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement, we and the Authority agreed to terminate the Amended and Restated Supply Agreement and to fully settle the outstanding amount under dispute related to upfront payments of 112.5 million, which is reflected in Other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet, previously received by us from the Authority under the Amended and Restated Supply Agreement. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, we agreed to pay a refund of 123.8 million (the Settlement Payment to the Authority in equal quarterly installments of 10.3 million over a three year period, ending in June 2027. The Settlement Payment amount includes a 11.3 million provision for interest over the period and may be avoided if we choose to accelerate payments. Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement Amendment, we and the Authority agreed to the date of payment for the first quarterly installment to be November 30, 2024. 
 We entered into an APA with the Vaccine Alliance Gavi in May 2021 (the Gavi APA ), pursuant to which we received upfront payments of 700 million from Gavi (the Advance Payment Amount to be applied against purchases of our prototype vaccine by certain countries participating in the COVAX Facility. As of December 31, 2023, the remaining Gavi Advance Payment Amount was 696.4 million. In February 2024, we and Gavi entered into a Termination and Settlement Agreement (the Gavi Settlement Agreement terminating the Gavi APA, settling the arbitration proceedings, and releasing both parties of all claims arising from, under, or otherwise in connection with the Gavi APA. Pursuant to the Gavi Settlement Agreement, we are responsible for payment to Gavi of (i) an initial settlement payment of 75 million, which we paid in February 2024, and (ii) deferred payments, in equal annual amounts of 80 million payable each calendar year through a deferred payment term ending December 31, 2028. The deferred payments are due in variable quarterly installments beginning in the second quarter of 2024 and total 400 million during the deferred payment term. Such deferred payments may be reduced through Gavi s use of an annual vaccine credit equivalent to the unpaid balance of such deferred payments each year, which may be applied to qualifying sales of any of our vaccines funded by Gavi for supply to certain low-income and lower-middle income countries. We have the right to price the vaccines offered to such low-income and lower-middle income countries in our discretion, and, when utilized by Gavi, we will credit the actual price per vaccine paid against the applicable credit. We intend to price vaccines offered via the tender process, consistent with our shared goal with Gavi to provide equitable access to those countries. Also, pursuant to the Gavi Settlement Agreement, we granted Gavi an additional credit of up to 225 million that may be applied against qualifying sales of any of our vaccines for supply to such low-income and lower-middle income countries that exceed the 80 million deferred payment amount in any calendar year during the deferred payment term. In total, the Gavi settlement agreement is comprised of 700 million of potential consideration, consisting of the 75 million initial settlement payment, deferred payments of up to 400 million that may be reduced through annual vaccine credits, and the additional credit of up to 225 million that may be applied for certain qualifying sales. 
 We recorded the 3.6 million difference between the refund liability recorded as of December 31, 2023 of 696.4 million and the 700 million of total consideration under the arrangement as a revenue adjustment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining amounts included on our consolidated balance sheet are classified as 225.0 million in non-current Deferred revenue for the additional credit that may be applied against future qualifying sales, 95.0 million in Other current liabilities, and 290.0 million in Other non-current liabilities. In addition, we and Gavi entered into a security agreement pursuant to which we granted Gavi a security interest in accounts receivable from SII under the SII R21 Agreement (see Note 6 to our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements), which will continue for the deferred payment term of the Gavi Settlement Agreement. On February 22, 2024, the claims and counterclaims were dismissed with prejudice. 
 Our funding agreements currently include funding from the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations CEPI in the form of one or more forgivable no interest term loans CEPI Forgivable Loan Funding ). Payments received 
 41 

under the CEPI Forgivable Loan Funding are only repayable if project vaccine, as defined under the CEPI funding agreement, manufactured by the CMO network funded by CEPI is sold to one or more third parties (which could include sales credited under the Gavi Settlement Agreement), and such sales cover our costs of manufacturing such vaccine, not including manufacturing costs funded by CEPI. The timing and amount of any loan repayments is currently uncertain. 
 We continue to assess our manufacturing needs and modify our global manufacturing footprint consistent with our contractual obligations to supply, and anticipated demand for, COVID-19 Vaccine, and in doing so recognize that significant costs may be incurred. For the 2023-2024 vaccination season, we depended exclusively on Serum for co-formulation and filling, and finishing. For the 2024-2025 vaccination season, we expanded our supply chain network and introduced new single-dose vial and pre-filled syringe product presentations in certain markets. In May 2024, we and SLS entered into a supply agreement (the SLS Supply Agreement under which SLS will supply us antigen drug substance and finished COVID-19 Vaccine doses. The SLS Supply Agreement includes the general terms and conditions of supply orders between us and SLS. We and SLS execute firm purchase orders to include specific quantities to be delivered under the SLS Supply Agreement. Pursuant to the SLS Supply Agreement, SLS or its authorized manufacturer is responsible for obtaining and maintaining all necessary permits or other regulatory approvals to manufacture drug substance and drug product. Unless otherwise earlier terminated, the SLS Supply Agreement will expire on the later of June 30, 2028 or two years after the expiration or termination of the last firm purchase order under the SLS Supply Agreement. Either party may terminate the SLS Supply Agreement if the other party commits a material breach of the SLS Supply Agreement that is not timely cured or is not curable. The SLS Supply Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties of the parties along with certain customary covenants, including confidentiality and indemnity provisions. Any delays or disruptions in these suppliers operations could prevent or delay the delivery of customer orders. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 924.5 million in cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable securities as compared to 583.8 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 We funded our operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily with cash and cash equivalents, non-refundable upfront payment under the Sanofi CLA and Subscription Agreement, proceeds from the sale of securities under our August 2023 Sales Agreement, upfront payments under APAs, and revenue from product sales. In May 2023, we announced our plan to restructure our global footprint to reduce our planned expenditures and in January 2024, we announced further reductions in our global workforce. We anticipate our future operations to be funded primarily by milestone payments, royalties, transition services and technology transfer under our Sanofi CLA, revenue from product sales, our cash and cash equivalents and investments in marketable securities, and other potential funding sources including equity financings, which may include at the market offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, asset sales, and marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements. 
 The following table summarizes cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 85,900 (537,186) 623,086 Investing activities (348,045) (49,728) (298,317) Financing activities 264,005 (95,923) 359,928 Effect on exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 2,917 355 2,562 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 4,777 (682,482) 687,259 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 583,810 1,348,845 (765,035) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 588,587 666,363 (77,776) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 85.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net cash used in operating activities of 537.2 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in cash provided by operating activities is primarily due to the non-refundable upfront payment under the Sanofi CLA and an overall decrease in operating expenses period-over-period, partially offset by the timing of payments to vendors. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 348.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 49.7 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in cash used in investing activities is primarily due to our investment in marketable securities, partially offset by lower expenditures on equipment and leasehold improvements. 
 42 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 264.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net cash used in financing activities of 95.9 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in cash provided by financing activities is primarily as a result of proceeds from the sale of shares under our August 2023 Sales Agreement of approximately 188 million and Subscription Agreement of 68.8 million in 2024 as compared with the 325 million repayment of our 3.75 Convertible notes and finance lease payments during 2023, partially offset by 257.0 million of proceeds from the sale of shares under our June 2021 Sales Agreement and August 2023 Sales Agreement and the sale of SK Shares. 
 Going Concern 
 As described in Note 2 to our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements, we evaluated our ability to continue as a going concern and concluded that we will have sufficient capital available to fund our operations for at least one-year from the date that the financial statements were issued. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are subject to certain risks that may affect our results of operations, cash flows, and fair values of assets and liabilities, including volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rate movements. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Although we are headquartered in the U.S. our results of operations, including our foreign subsidiaries operations, are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, primarily the U.S. dollar against the Euro, Pound Sterling, Swedish Krona, and Czech Koruna. This exchange exposure may have a material effect on our cash and cash equivalents, cash flows, and results of operations, particularly in cases of revenue generated under APAs that include provisions that impact our and our counterparty s currency exchange exposure. To date, we have not entered into any foreign currency hedging contracts, although we may do so in the future. 
 We also face foreign currency exchange exposure that arises from translating the results of our global operations to the U.S. dollar at exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of the period. While the financial results of our global activities are reported in U.S. dollars, the functional currency for our foreign subsidiaries is generally their respective local currency. Fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rates of the countries in which we do business will affect our operating results, often in ways that are difficult to predict. A 10 decline in the foreign exchange rates (primarily against the U.S. dollar) relating to our foreign subsidiaries would result in a decline of stockholders equity (deficit) of approximately 60 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Market and Interest Rate Risk 
 The primary objective of our investment activities is preservation of capital, with the secondary objective of maximizing income. 
 Our exposure to interest rate risk is primarily confined to our investment portfolio. We do not believe that a change in the market rates of interest would have any significant impact on the realizable value of our investment portfolio. Changes in interest rates may affect the investment income we earn on our marketable securities when they mature and the proceeds are reinvested into new marketable securities and, therefore, could impact our cash flows and results of operations. 
 Interest and dividend income is recorded when earned and included in investment income. Premiums and discounts, if any, on marketable securities are amortized or accreted to maturity and included in investment income. The specific identification method is used in computing realized gains and losses on the sale of our securities. 
 Our convertible senior unsecured notes have a fixed interest rate, and we have no additional material debt. As such, we do not believe that we are exposed to any material interest rate risk as a result of our borrowing activities. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the assistance of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the 
 43 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September 30, 2024. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving such control objectives. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, have evaluated changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, and have concluded that there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Stockholder Litigation 
 On November 12, 2021, Sothinathan Sinnathurai filed a purported securities class action in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland (the Maryland Court against the Company and certain members of senior management, captioned Sothinathan Sinnathurai v. Novavax, Inc., et al., No. 8:21-cv-02910-TDC (the Sinnathurai Action ). The parties ultimately negotiated a settlement, which the Maryland Court approved on May 23, 2024. The Maryland Court closed the Sinnathurai Action on May 24, 2024. 
 After the Sinnathurai Action was filed, eight derivative lawsuits were filed: (i) Robert E. Meyer v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. 8:21-cv-02996-TDC (the Meyer Action ), (ii) Shui Shing Yung v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. 8:21-cv-03248-TDC (the Yung Action ), (iii) William Kirst, et al. v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. C-15-CV-21-000618 (the Kirst Action ), (iv) Amy Snyder v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. 8:22-cv-01415-TDC (the Snyder Action ), (v) Charles R. Blackburn, et al. v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. 1:22-cv-01417-TDC (the Blackburn Action ), (vi) Diego J. Mesa v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. 2022-0770-NAC (the Mesa Action ), (vii) Sean Acosta v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. 2022-1133-NAC (the Acosta Action ), and (viii) Jared Needelman v. Stanley C. Erck, et al., No. C-15-CV-23-001550 (the Needelman Action ). The Meyer, Yung, Snyder, and Blackburn Actions were filed in the Maryland Court. The Kirst Action was filed in the Circuit Court for Montgomery County, Maryland, and shortly thereafter removed to the Maryland Court by the defendants. The Needleman Action was also filed in the Circuit Court for Montgomery County, Maryland. The Mesa and Acosta Actions were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery (the Delaware Court ). The derivative lawsuits name members of the Company s board of directors and certain members of senior management as defendants. The Company is deemed a nominal defendant. The plaintiffs assert derivative claims arising out of substantially the same alleged facts and circumstances as the Sinnathurai Action. Collectively, the derivative complaints assert claims for breach of fiduciary duty, insider selling, unjust enrichment, violation of federal securities law, abuse of control, waste, and mismanagement. Plaintiffs seek declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as an award of monetary damages and attorneys fees. 
 On February 7, 2022, the Maryland Court entered an order consolidating the Meyer and Yung Actions (the First Consolidated Derivative Action ). The plaintiffs in the First Consolidated Derivative Action filed their consolidated derivative complaint on April 25, 2022. On May 10, 2022, the Maryland Court entered an order granting the parties request to stay all proceedings and deadlines pending the earlier of dismissal or the filing of an answer in the Sinnathurai Action. On June 10, 2022, the Snyder and Blackburn Actions were filed. On October 5, 2022, the Maryland Court entered an order granting a request by the plaintiffs in the First Consolidated Derivative Action and the Snyder and Blackburn Actions to consolidate all three actions and appoint co-lead plaintiffs and co-lead and liaison counsel (the Second Consolidated Derivative Action ). The co-lead plaintiffs in the Second Consolidated Derivative Action filed a consolidated amended complaint on November 21, 2022. On February 10, 2023, defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Second Consolidated Derivative Action. The plaintiffs filed their opposition to the motion to dismiss on April 11, 2023. Defendants filed their reply brief in further support of their motion to dismiss on May 11, 2023. On August 21, 2023, the court entered an order granting in part and denying in part the motion to dismiss. On September 5, 2023, the Company filed an Answer to the consolidated amended complaint. On September 6, 2023, the court entered an order granting the individual defendants an extension of time to file their answer until November 6, 2023. On October 6, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company formed a Special Litigation Committee SLC with full and exclusive power and authority of the Board to, among other things, investigate, review, and analyze the facts and 
 44 

circumstances surrounding the claims asserted in the pending derivative actions, including the claims that remain following the court s order on the motion to dismiss in the Second Consolidated Derivative Action. On November 7, 2023, the court entered an order granting the parties request to stay the Second Consolidated Derivative Action for up to six months from the date of entry of the order, and, on April 15, 2024, the court entered a further order extending the stay until June 6, 2024. On June 7, 2024, the court entered another order extending the stay until August 5, 2024. On August 19, 2024, the court entered another order extending the stay until November 4, 2024, to allow the SLC and the parties to continue then-ongoing mediation efforts. On November 1, 2024, the parties notified the court that a settlement in principle had been reached and requested the stay to be extended until the definitive settlement agreement is filed. On November 4, 2024, the Maryland Court ordered the parties to file the settlement agreement or a joint status report by November 18, 2024. 
 The Kirst Action was filed on December 28, 2021, and the defendants immediately removed the case to the Maryland Court. On July 21, 2022, the Maryland Court issued a memorandum opinion and order remanding the Kirst Action to state court. The plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on December 30, 2022. On January 23, 2023, defendants filed a motion to stay the Kirst action. On February 22, 2023, the parties in the Kirst Action filed for the Court s approval of a stipulation staying the Kirst Action pending the resolution of defendants motion to dismiss in the Second Consolidated Derivative Action. On March 22, 2023, the Court entered the parties stipulated stay of the Kirst Action pending resolution of the motion to dismiss in the Second Consolidated Derivative Action. 
 On August 30, 2022, the Mesa Action was filed. On October 3, 2022, the Delaware Court entered an order granting the parties request to stay all proceedings and deadlines in the Mesa Action pending the earlier of dismissal of the Sinnathurai Action or the filing of an answer to the operative complaint in the Sinnathurai Action. On January 9, 2023, following the ruling on the motion to dismiss the Sinnathurai Action, the Delaware Court entered an order granting the Mesa Action parties request to set a briefing schedule in connection with a motion to stay by defendants. On February 28, 2023, the court granted the defendants motion and stayed the Mesa Action pending the entry of a final, non-appealable judgment in the Second Consolidated Derivative Action. On August 31, 2023, the Mesa plaintiffs filed a motion to lift the stay in the Mesa Action. On October 6, 2023, the Company filed an opposition to plaintiff s motion to lift the stay. Plaintiff filed his reply on October 17, 2023. On December 27, 2023, the parties filed a letter informing the Court that the Second Consolidated Derivative Action had been stayed for a period of six months and asked the Court to stay further proceedings in the Mesa Action until expiration of that stay. 
 On December 7, 2022, the Acosta Action was filed. On February 6, 2023, defendants accepted service of the complaint and summons in the Acosta Action. On March 9, 2023, the court entered an order granting the parties request to stay the Acosta Action pending the entry of a final, non-appealable judgment in the Second Consolidated Derivative Action. On October 13, 2023, the parties filed, and the Delaware Court entered, a stipulated order providing that (i) if the Delaware Court declines to lift the stay in the Mesa Action, the Acosta Action will also remain stayed, and (ii) if the Delaware Court lifts the stay in the Mesa Action, the stay in the Acosta Action will also be lifted. 
 On April 17, 2023, the Needelman Action was filed. On July 12, 2023, the parties filed a stipulation and proposed order to stay the Needelman Action pending the Maryland Court s decision on the motion to dismiss in the Second Consolidated Derivative Action. The court entered that order on July 17, 2023. 
 On November 30, 2023, the court entered an order consolidating the Kirst and Needelman Actions. On December 14, 2023, the parties filed a stipulation (i) extending the plaintiffs deadline to file a consolidated complaint until January 29, 2024, and (ii) otherwise staying all other proceedings in the case (including the defendants deadline to respond to the consolidated complaint) until February 12, 2024. On May 3, 2024, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint. On May 14, 2024, the parties filed a stipulation staying the action until June 6, 2024. On July 12, 2024, the court entered an order staying the action until August 5, 2024. On September 24, 2024, the court entered another order staying the action until November 4, 2024. On November 4, 2024, the parties filed a stipulation requesting a status conference with the court and further requesting that the action remain stayed until such status conference takes place. 
 We are also involved in various other legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. Although the outcomes of these other legal proceedings are inherently difficult to predict, we do not expect the resolution of these other legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 45 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Information regarding risk and uncertainties related to our business appears in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024, Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on May 10, 2024, and Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024, which was filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024, and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024, other than as described below. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 
 Our existing funding and supply agreements or our advance purchase agreements do not assure success of our vaccine candidates or vaccines or that we will be able to fully fund our vaccine candidates or vaccines or our company operations, and if we are unable to satisfy the performance obligations under such agreements, the agreements may be terminated, the purchase commitments may be reduced or we may be required to refund advanced payments. 
 We have entered into, an d may in the future enter into supply agreements (also sometimes referred to as advance purchase agreements) for our COVID-19 Vaccine that include prepayments from the purchasers to help fund our development and manufacture of the vaccine. Under certain supply agreements, if we do not timely achieve requisite regulatory milestones for our COVID-19 Vaccine in the relevant jurisdictions, obtain supportive recommendations from governmental advisory committees, and/or achieve product volume or delivery timing obligations, purchasers may seek to terminate such agreements, reduce their purchase commitments, require us to refund all or some prepayments we have received, or renegotiate such agreements, each of which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition. The timing to fulfill performance obligations related to supply agreements will depend on timing of product manufacturing, receipt of marketing authorizations for additional indications, delivery of doses based on customer demand, and the ability of the customer to request variant vaccine in place of prototype vaccine under certain of our supply agreements. The supply agreements typically contain terms that include upfront payments intended to assist us in funding investments related to building out and operating our manufacturing and distribution network, among other expenses, in support of our global supply commitment, and are applied to billings upon delivery of COVID-19 Vaccine. Such upfront payments generally become non-refundable upon our achievement of certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones. We may not achieve such milestones, which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 46 

For example, in September 2022, following a delay in obtaining regulatory approval in the United Kingdom, we entered into the Amended and Restated UK Supply Agreement, which amended and restated in its entirety the Original UK Supply Agreement, which reduced the volume of vaccine doses that the UK Health Security Agency (the Authority committed to purchase. Under the terms of the Amended and Restated UK Supply Agreement, the Authority agreed to purchase a minimum of 1 million doses and up to an additional 15 million doses (the Conditional Doses of our prototype vaccine, with the number of Conditional Doses contingent on, and subject to reduction based on, our timely achievement of supportive recommendations from the JCVI that is approved by the UK Secretary of State for Health. If the Authority did not purchase the Conditional Doses or the number of such Conditional Doses was reduced below 15 million doses of our prototype vaccine, we would have to repay up to 225.0 million related to the upfront payment previously received from the Authority under the Original UK Supply Agreement. Under the Amended and Restated UK Supply Agreement, the Authority al so has the option to purchase up to an additional 44 million doses, in one or more tranches, through 2024. As of November 30, 2022, the JCVI had not made a supportive recommendation with respect to our prototype vaccine, thereby triggering (i) a reduction of the number of Conditional Doses from 15 million doses to 7.5 million doses, which reduced number of Conditional Doses were contingent on, and subject to further reduction based on, our timely achievement by November 30, 2023 of a supportive recommendation from JCVI that is approved by the UK Secretary of State for Health as described above, and (ii) an obligation for us to repay 112.5 million related to the upfront payment previously received from the Authority under the Original UK Supply Agreement. In April 2023, we repaid the 112.5 million related to the November 30, 2022 triggering event. As of November 30, 2023, the JCVI had not made a supportive recommendation with respect to the prototype vaccine, thereby triggering a reduction in the number of Conditional Doses from 7.5 million doses to zero. In November 2024, we entered into a Termination and Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Agreement and a Letter of Amendment to the Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Agreement Amendment ), with the Authority, settling the disputes regarding the Amended and Restated UK Supply Agreement and releasing both parties of all claims arising out of or connected with the Amended and Restated UK Supply Agreement. Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the Authority and us agreed to terminate the Amended and Restated UK Supply Agreement and to fully settle the outstanding amount under dispute related to upfront payments of 112.5 million, which is reflected in Other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet, previously received by us from the Authority under the Amended and Restated UK Supply Agreement. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, we agreed to pay a refund of 123.8 million (the Settlement Payment to the Authority in equal quarterly installments of 10.3 million over a three year period, ending in June 2027. The Settlement Payment amount includes a 11.3 million provision for interest over the period and may be avoided if we chooses to accelerate payments. Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement Amendment, the Authority and us agreed to the date of payment for the first quarterly installment to be November 30, 2024. 
 We have an APA with the Commonwealth of Australia Australia for the purchase of doses of COVID-19 Vaccine (the Australia APA ). In March 2024, we and Australia agreed to cancel the COVID-19 Vaccine doses previously scheduled for delivery in the fourth quarter of 2023. As a result of the cancellation, the total contract value was reduced by 54.0 million, including 6.0 million of deferred revenue related to the cancelled doses that will be applied as a credit towards future deliveries of doses. Australia is not required to purchase updated vaccine doses until we receive authorization from Therapeutic Goods Administration TGA ). We do not expect approval in time for product delivery in 2024 which could result in a loss or deferral of approximately 240 million of contract value. We plan to seek an amendment to the Australia APA which may not be achievable on acceptable terms or at all. As of September 30, 2024, 119.1 million was classified as current Deferred revenue and 14.7 million was classified as non-current Deferred revenue with respect to the Australia APA in our consolidated balance sheet. If we are unable to satisfy our obligations under the amended Australia APA, 92.5 million of deferred revenue may become refundable and approximately 225 million of remaining funds under the contract may no longer be available. 
 We have an APA with His Majesty the King in Right of Canada as represented by the Minister of Public Works and Government Services, as successor in interest to Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Canada, as represented by the Minister of Public Works and Government Services (the Canadian government ), for the purchase of doses of COVID-19 Vaccine (the Canada APA ). The Canadian government may terminate the Canada APA, as amended, if we fail to receive regulatory approval for its COVID-19 Vaccine using bulk antigen produced at Biologics Manufacturing Centre BMC Inc. on or before December 31, 2024. We do not expect to receive regulatory approval of its COVID-19 Vaccine using bulk antigen produced at BMC on or before December 31, 2024 . Therefore, we plan to seek an amendment to the Canada APA to address possible alternatives, which may not be achievable on acceptable terms or at all. As of September 30, 2024, 452.1 million was classified as current Deferred revenue and 136.1 million was classified as non-current Deferred revenue with respect to the Canadian APA in our consolidated balance sheet. If the Canadian government terminates the Canada APA, 28.0 million of the deferred revenue would become refundable and approximately 224 million of the contract value related to future deliverables would no longer be available. 

47 

Item 5. Other Information 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) or a Rule 10b5 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015, filed on August 10, 2015 (File No. 000-26770)) 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2019 (File No. 000-26770)) 
 3.3 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 22, 2024 (File No. 000-26770)) 
 3.4 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 19, 2020 (File No. 000- 26770)) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(e) of the Securities Exchange Act 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(e) of the Securities Exchange Act 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following financial information from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ___________________________________ 
 Filed or furnished herewith. 

48 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 NOVAVAX, INC. Date: November 12, 2024 By: /s/ John C. Jacobs John C. Jacobs President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 12, 2024 By: /s/ James P. Kelly James P. Kelly Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

49 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 nvax-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, John C. Jacobs, certify that 
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Novavax, Inc. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 

5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s John C. Jacobs 
 John C. Jacobs 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 nvax-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, James P. Kelly, certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Novavax, Inc. 
 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 

5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s James P. Kelly 
 James P. Kelly 
 Executive Vice President, Chief 
 Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 nvax-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 UNITED STATES CODE 1350 
 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Novavax, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John C. Jacobs, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the dates and periods covered by this Report. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s John C. Jacobs 
 John C. Jacobs 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 nvax-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 UNITED STATES CODE 1350 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Novavax, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James P. Kelly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the dates and periods covered by this Report. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s James P. Kelly 
 James P. Kelly 
 Executive Vice President, Chief 
 Financial Officer and Treasurer 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nvax-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nvax-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nvax-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nvax-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nvax-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

