<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1956055_0001929980-24-000548.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3715282</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88594</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>662604</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>869251</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>808784</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1190578</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001929980-24-000548.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001929980-24-000548
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001956055
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41729
		FILM NUMBER:		241461912

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31-1 TAMAN MIHARJA PHASE 3B, JALAN 3/93
		STREET 2:		2 1/2 MILES, CHERAS
		CITY:			KUALA LUMPUR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			55200
		BUSINESS PHONE:		60122109795

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31-1 TAMAN MIHARJA PHASE 3B, JALAN 3/93
		STREET 2:		2 1/2 MILES, CHERAS
		CITY:			KUALA LUMPUR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			55200

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001929980-24-000548.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 buja_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

buja_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) N/A (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) + - (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered , one-half of one redeemable Warrant to acquire one Ordinary Share, and one Right to acquire one-tenth of one Ordinary Share The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of the date hereof, there were ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. BUKIT JALIL GLOBAL ACQUISITION 1 LTD. FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Part I. Financial Information 3 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 3 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 20 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 27 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 27 Part II Other Information 28 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 28 Item 1A. Risk Factors 28 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 28 Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 28 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 28 Item 5. Other Information 28 Item 6. Exhibits 29 Signatures 30 2 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) BUKIT JALIL GLOBAL ACQUISITION 1 LTD BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) (Audited) ASSETS Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total current asset Investments held in Trust Account TOTAL ASSETS Liabilities and Shareholders' (Deficit) Equity Current Liabilities Due to related party Sponsor Loan Extension loan - related party Other payable and accrued expenses Total Current Liabilities Deferred underwriters' discount Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and shares at as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Shareholders'(Deficit) Equity : Preference shares, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (excluding 2,929,515 and 5,750,000 shares subject to possible redemption) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Shareholder's (Deficit) Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders'(Deficit) Equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements 3 Table of Contents BUKIT JALIL GLOBAL ACQUISITION 1 LTD STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Formation and operating costs Share-based compensation expense Loss from Operations Other income: Interest income Dividend income on investments held in Trust Net Income (Loss) Basic and diluted weighted ordinary average shares outstanding, subject to possible redemption Basic and diluted net income per ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share attributable to non-redeemable ordinary shares The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements 4 Table of Contents BUKIT JALIL GLOBAL ACQUISITION 1 LTD STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) EQUITY For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Additional Total Shareholder's Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Equity Shares Amount Capital Deficit (Deficit) Balance as of December 31, 2023 (Audited) Accretion of ordinary share subject to redemption value - Net Income - Balance as of March 31, 2024 (Unaudited) Accretion of ordinary share subject to redemption value - Net Income - Balance as of June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) Accretion of ordinary share subject to redemption value - Net Loss - Balance as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Additional Total Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders' Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance as of December 31, 2022 (Audited) - - - - - Net Income - Balance as of March 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Sale of public units through public offering Sale of private placement shares Issuance of representative shares Share compensation expense - Underwriters' discount - Other offering expenses - Reclassification of ordinary shares subject to redemption Allocation of offering costs to ordinary shares subject to redemption - Net Income Balance as of June 30, 2023 (Unaudited) Accretion of ordinary share subject to redemption value - Offering cost - Net Income - Balance as of September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements 5 Table of Contents BUKIT JALIL GLOBAL ACQUISITION 1 LTD STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) For the Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Dividend income on investments held in Trust Share-Based compensation expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Other receivable Prepaid expenses Due to related party payable Other payable and accrued expenses Net Cash (Used In) Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchase of investments held in Trust Account Proceeds from sale of investments in the Trust Account Proceeds form promissory note - related party Payment on promissory note - related party Monthly extension fee deposited into Trust Account Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Investing Activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from sale of public units through public offerings, net of underwriters discount Proceeds from sale of private placement units Ordinary shares redemption Proceeds from issuance of extension loans to related party Repayment of promissory note to related party Proceeds from Sponsor Loan Payment of offering costs Net Cash (Used In) Provided by Financing Activities Net Change in Cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental Disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Deferred offering costs included in accrued expenses Deferred offering costs paid by promissory note Deferred underwriter's discount Reclassification of ordinary shares subject to redemption Issuance of representative shares Allocation of offering costs to ordinary shares subject to redemption Accretion of ordinary shares subject to redemption value The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements 6 Table of Contents Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. Notes To Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) units (including units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option, the Public Units ). Each Public Unit consists of one ordinary share, par value per share, one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Warrant ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of per share, and one right (the Right ), each one Right entitling the holder thereof to exchange for one-tenth of one ordinary share upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. The Public Units were sold at an offering price of per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of units (the Private Placement Unit at a purchase price of per Private Placement Units to Bukit Jalil Global Investment Ltd., a Cayman Islands company (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Each Private Placement Unit consists of one ordinary share, one-half of one warrant, and one right. These Private Placement Units are identical to the Public Units, subject to limited exceptions. However, the holder of the Private Placement Units is entitled to registration rights. In addition, the Private Placement Units and the underlying securities may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until completion of the initial Business Combination. Following the closing of the IPO and the issuance and the sale of Private Placement Units on June 30, 2023, per Public Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Units in the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Units was placed into a U.S. based trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee, and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to pay the Company s tax obligations, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units that are deposited in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the . The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the public shareholders. The Company s initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and interest income earned on the trust account that is released for working capital purposes or to pay taxes) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 7 Table of Contents Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. Notes To Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants and rights, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by June 30, 2024 (or up to December 30, 2024 if the Company extends the time needed to complete a Business Combination). On June 29, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting (the Extraordinary Meeting ), where the shareholders of the Company approved the proposal to amend Articles 48.7 and 48.8 of the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Current MAA to provide that the Company must (i) consummate a business combination, or (ii) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such Business Combination and redeem or repurchase of the Company s public shares included as part of the public units issued in the Company s initial public offering, by June 30, 2024 (the Termination Date ), and if the Company does not consummate a business combination by June 30 2024, the Termination Date may be extended up to twelve times, each by a Monthly Extension, for a total of up to twelve months to June 30, 2025, without the need for any further approval of the Company s shareholders (the Extension ). In addition, at the Extraordinary Meeting, the shareholders of the Company also approved the proposal to amend Articles 48.2, 48.4, 48.5, and 48.8 of the Current MAA (such amendment, together with the amendment mentioned in the last paragraph, the MAA Amendment to eliminate the limitation that the Company may not redeem the Company s public shares in an amount that would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than US following such redemptions. In connection with the MMA Amendment, the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, a New York limited purpose trust company (the Trustee amended the Investment Management Trust Agreement dated June 27, 2023 (the Trust Agreement ), to provide that the Trustee must commence liquidation of the Company s Trust Account by the 12-month anniversary of the closing of the IPO, or, in the event that the Company extended on a monthly basis), the time to complete the business combination for up to 24-month from the closing of the IPO (each of such monthly extensions, the Monthly Extension but has not completed the business combination within the applicable monthly anniversary of the closing of the IPO. In connection with the votes to approve the MAA Amendment Proposal and the NTA Requirement Amendment Proposal, ordinary shares of the Company were rendered for redemption, and .88 were paid to the redeeming shareholders accordingly on July 9, 2024. In order to effectuated extension of the Company s deadline to consummate a Business Combination, the Sponsor had deposited a total of Four-Monthly Extension Fee, each in the amount of , from July through September 2024, or an aggregate of , to the Trust Account of the Company to extend the deadline for the Company to complete the Business Combination contemplated from June 30, 2024 to October 30, 2024. Each Monthly Extension Payment from the Sponsor was evidenced by an unsecured promissory note (collectively, the Extension Notes issued by the Company to the Sponsor. 8 Table of Contents Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. Notes To Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) into the Trust Account (the October 2024 Extension Payment resulting the Company having until November 30, 2024 to complete its initial business combination. The Company issued the Sponsor an unsecured promissory note of (the October 2024 Extension Note ). Business Combination Agreement with Global IBO Group Ltd. On August 5, 2024, the Company entered into a business combination agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with GIBO Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company PubCo ), GIBO Merger Sub 1 Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub I ), GIBO Merger Sub 2 Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub II ), and Global IBO Group Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares GIBO ). Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, among other things, (i) Merger Sub I will merge with and into GIBO, with GIBO as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo (the First Merger ), and (ii) following the First Merger, Merger Sub I will merge with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo (the Second Merger, and together with the First Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination ). Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, each of the Company and GIBO would become a subsidiary of PubCo, and the Company s shareholders and GIBO s shareholders (except certain shareholders of GIBO (such shareholders, the Founders )) would receive Class A ordinary shares, par value per share, of PubCo PubCo Class A Ordinary Shares and the Founders would receive Class B ordinary shares, par value per share, of PubCo PubCo Class B Ordinary Shares and together with PubCo Class A Ordinary Shares, PubCo Ordinary Shares as consideration and become the shareholders of PubCo. Each PubCo Class A Ordinary Share has one vote per share while each PubCo Class B Ordinary Share has one twenty (20) votes per share. Each PubCo Class B Ordinary Share is convertible into one (1) PubCo Class A Ordinary Share at any time at the option of the holder thereof and PubCo Class A Ordinary Shares are not convertible into PubCo Class B Ordinary Shares under any circumstances. The closing date of each of the First Merger and the Second Merger is hereinafter referred to as First Closing Date and the Second Closing Date respectively. The Company and GIBO expect PubCo Class A Ordinary Shares be listed and traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC following the consummation of the Business Combination. The merger consideration for the Business Combination is 8.28 billion. Going Concern Consideration As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash of and a working capital deficit of . The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the IPO had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of for the Founder Shares and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of . Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account and Sponsor loan. The Company s cash and working capital as of September 30, 2024, are not sufficient to complete its planned activities to consummate a business combination for the upcoming year. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. management believes that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such additional conditions also raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management expects to obtain additional funds from related parties to provide the additional working capital necessary to carry out its objective to consummate a business combination. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 9 Table of Contents Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. Notes To Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) Emerging Growth Company Status Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents and in cash and did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, was over the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) limit. Furthermore, bank failures, non-performance, or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions could impair the ability of one or more of the banks participating in the credit facility from honoring their commitments. Such events could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 10 Table of Contents Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. Notes To Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) and of dividend income recognized, respectively. For the Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were 2,015,165 and of dividend income recognized, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the assets held in the trust account was and , respectively. Warrants Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption with unrecognized accretion of based on per Public Unit) deposited into trust account upon IPO closing. In addition, the Company recognized of dividend income earned from trust account and four-month extensions of as the additional accretion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 11 Table of Contents Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. Notes To Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the IPO. Concentration of Credit Risk . The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. Furthermore, bank failures, non-performance, or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions could impair the ability of one or more of the banks participating in the credit facility from honoring their commitments. Such events could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. Fair Value of Financial Instruments Total 12 Table of Contents Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. Notes To Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) Net Income (Loss) per Share shares in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share, since the exercise of the Warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such Warrants would be anti-dilutive in period which the Company incurred net loss and the Company did not have any other dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic (income) loss per share for the period presented. The net income (loss) per share presented in the statement of operations is based on the following: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Net loss including accretion of carrying value of Redemption value 13 Table of Contents Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. Notes To Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Allocation of net income/(loss) Denominators: Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income/ (loss) per share Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Allocation of net income/(loss) Denominators: Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income/ (loss) per share Recent Accounting Pronouncements Public Units, (including Public Units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option). Each Public Unit consists of one ordinary share, one-half of one redeemable Warrant, and one Right to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share. Each whole redeemable Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of per share. Each Right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share upon the consummation of the Business Combination. The Public Units were sold at an offering price of per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 14 Table of Contents Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. Notes To Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) public shares sold as part of the Public Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. The Company s redeemable ordinary share is subject to SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance which is the IPO date. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount of ordinary shares reflected on the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table. Less: Proceeds allocated to public rights and warrants Allocation of offering costs of public shares Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 Less: Redemptions Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Monthly extension fees deposited Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 Private Placement Units at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Private Placement Unit consists of one ordinary share, one-half of one whole warrant with each whole warrant to obtain one ordinary share and one right to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share. The Private Placement Units are identical to the Public Units sold in the IPO. However, the holder of the Private Placement Units will be entitled to registration rights. In addition, the Private Placement Units and the underlying securities may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 15 Table of Contents Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. Notes To Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) ordinary shares of a par value of each to the Sponsor. On November 16, 2022, the Sponsor acquired insider shares for a purchase price of and surrendered ordinary shares. On June 30, 2023, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, so there are no insider shares subject to forfeiture. Simultaneously with the effectiveness of the registration statement and prior to the closing of the IPO (including the full exercise of over-allotment option), the Sponsor transferred to the Company s directors an aggregate of insider shares , among which, 8,000 insider shares were transferred to Seck Chyn Neil Foo, and 5,000 insider shares were transferred to each of Bee Lian Ooi, Phui Lam Lee, and Suwardi Bin Hamzah Syakir, pursuant to a certain securities transfer agreement (the Securities Transfer Agreement dated April 12, 2023. The transfer of the insider shares to the Company s directors, as described above, is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, share-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the 23,000 shares transferred to the Company s directors was approximately or per share which was charged to statements of operations as a share-based compensation expense assuming the completion of business combination would be possibly occurred. The Company used the following assumptions to estimate the fair value of the shares using Level 3 fair value measurements inputs at the measurement date: Risk-free rate Volatility Dividend yield Expected likelihood of a successful business combination Due to Related Party On June 27, 2023, in connection with the IPO, the Company entered into an administrative service agreement with the Sponsor (the Administrative Service Agreement ). Pursuant to the Administrative Service Agreement, the Company shall pay the Sponsor per month (the Administrative Service Fee from June 27, 2023, the date of the Company s final prospectus for the IPO till the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination or the Company s liquidation. The Administrative Service Agreement provides that any unpaid amount of the Administrative Service Fee will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. On October 14, 2023, upon the approval of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee of the Company, the Company and the Sponsor agreed to waive full payment of the Administrative Service Fee from the start date up to 12 months. . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was no balance payable in relations to the Administrative Service Agreement to the Sponsor. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the total amount due to related party were and , respectively. Sponsor Loan On May 6, 2024 and July 16, 2024, the Company entered into two loan agreements with the Sponsor (the Advance Agreements ). Pursuant to the Advance agreements, the Sponsor agreed to make an advance up to US ). The loans are free of any interest and will be repaid upon demand. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and , respectively, under the Sponsor loan. Working Capital Loans In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. Any such loans would be on an interest-free basis and would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to the Company upon completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. Up to of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of per unit, at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private units issued to the Sponsor. The Company does not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor as the Company does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Company s trust account, but if the Company does, it will request such lender to provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the trust account. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no borrowings under the working capital loans. 16 Table of Contents Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. Notes To Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) , from July through September 2024, or an aggregate of , to the Trust Account of the Company to extend the deadline for the Company to complete the Business Combination contemplated therein by October 30, 2024. Each Monthly Extension Payment from the Sponsor was evidenced by an unsecured promissory note (collectively, the Extension Notes issued by the Company to the Sponsor. Each Extension Note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) the consummation of the Company s business combination or (ii) the date of expiry of the term of the Company (the Maturity Date ). The following shall constitute an event of default: (i) a failure to pay the principal within five business days of the Maturity Date; (ii) the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action, (iii) the breach of the Company s obligations thereunder; (iv) any cross defaults; (v) an enforcement proceedings against the Company; and (vi) any unlawfulness and invalidity in connection with the performance of the obligations thereunder, in which case the Note may be accelerated. The payees of the Extension Notes, the Sponsor, has the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Extension Notes, in whole or in part, respectively, into private units (the Units of the Company, each consisting of one ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Share ),one-half of one warrant, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of a business combination. The number of Units to be received by the Sponsor in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to the Sponsor by (y) 10.00. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had borrowings of and , respectively, under the Sponsor Extension Notes from the Sponsor. . The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 17 Table of Contents Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. Notes To Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or to the underwriters at the closing of the IPO. The Company will pay the underwriters a cash fee (the Deferred Underwriting Fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or upon the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the deferred underwriters discount was as a long-term liability on the balance sheets. Representative Shares The Company issued to the representative and/or its designees, Representative Shares upon the consummation of the IPO. . The fair value of the Representative Shares was approximately or per share which was charged to shareholders' equity upon the completion of the IPO. The Company used the following assumptions to estimate the fair value of the representative shares using Level 3 fair value measurements inputs at the measurement date: Risk-free rate Volatility Dividend yield Expected likelihood of a successful business combination shares, including ordinary shares, par value per share, and preferred shares, par value US per share. On September 15, 2022, in connection with the incorporation of the Company, the Company issued ordinary shares of a par value of each to the Sponsor. On November 16, 2022, the Sponsor acquired shares at a price of approximately per share for an aggregate of and surrendered ordinary shares. Those shares issuance and cancelation were considered as a recapitalization, which were recorded and presented retroactively. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on June 30, 2023, no ordinary shares are currently subject to forfeiture. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were ordinary shares issued or outstanding respectively, excluding and shares subject to possible redemption Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of ordinary shares will vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) of the Cayman Islands or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by the Company s shareholders. The Company s board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. The shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Warrants Each whole public warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one whole ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of days after the completion of an initial Business Combination and one year from the date that the registration statement is declared effective. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a public warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of ordinary share. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a public warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The public warrants will expire five years after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 18 Table of Contents Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. Notes To Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) public warrants were outstanding. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, the Company issued private warrants to the Sponsor included in the Private Placement Units. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were private warrants issued and outstanding. The Company will account for warrants as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, based on the specific terms of the warrant agreement. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following the closing of the initial Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and , and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if the Company s ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at the Company s option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, and the Company will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Once the warrants become exercisable (for both Public and Private Warrant), the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and . if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire -day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. into the Trust Account (the October 2024 Extension Payment resulting the Company having until November 30, 2024 to complete its initial business combination. The Company issued the Sponsor an unsecured promissory note of (the October 2024 Extension Note ). 19 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. References to the Company , us , our , or we refer to Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial statements and related notes herein. Overview We are a blank check company formed under the laws of Cayman Island on September 15, 2022, for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the initial public offering (the IPO ), our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting a business combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location. We presently have no revenue, have had losses since inception from incurring formation and operating costs and have had no operations other than identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. We have relied upon the working capital available to us following the consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement (as defined below) to fund our operations, as well as the funds loaned by the Sponsor (as defined below), our officers, directors or their affiliates. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. On June 30, 2023, we consummated the IPO of 5,750,000 units (including 750,000 units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option, the Public Units ). Each Public Unit consists of one ordinary share, 0.0001 par value per share (the Ordinary Shares ), one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Warrant ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, and one right (the Right ), each one Right entitling the holder thereof to exchange for one-tenth of one Ordinary Share upon the completion of our initial business combination. The Public Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 57,500,000. On June 30, 2023, substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, we completed the private sale (the Private Placement of 424,307 units (the Private Units to the Company s sponsor, Bukit Jalil Global Investment Ltd. (the Sponsor ), at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 4,243,070. The proceeds of 58,362,500 10.15 per Public Unit) in the aggregate from the IPO and the Private Placement, were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders and the underwriters of the IPO with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. 20 Table of Contents Recent Development Redemption as a result of Extension, Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws and Trust Agreement Amendment. As disclosed earlier, on June 29, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting (the Extraordinary Meeting ), where the shareholders of the Company approved, among others, (1) the proposal (the MAA Amendment Proposal to amend the Company s then effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to provide that the Company must (i) consummate a business combination, or (ii) cease its operations except for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete such business combination and redeem or repurchase 100 of the Company s public shares included as part of the public units issued in the Company s initial public offering, by June 30, 2024 (the Termination Date ), and if the Company does not consummate a business combination by June 30 2024, the Termination Date may be extended up to twelve times, each by a monthly extension (the Monthly Extension ), for a total of up to twelve months to June 30, 2025, without the need for any further approval of the Company s shareholders, and (2) the proposal (the NTA Requirement Amendment Proposal to amend the Company s then effective amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to provide to eliminate the limitation that the Company may not redeem the Company s public shares in an amount that would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than US 5,000,001 following such redemptions. In connection with the votes to approve the MAA Amendment Proposal and the NTA Requirement Amendment Proposal, 2,820,485 ordinary shares of the Company were rendered for redemption, which has been completed accordingly. Monthly Extension Deposit and Notes In order to effectuated extension of the Company s deadline to consummate a Business Combination, the Sponsor had deposited an aggregate of 500,000, each in the amount of 100,000, from July through October 2024, to the Trust Account of the Company to extend the deadline for the Company to complete the Business Combination contemplated from June 30, 2024 to November 30, 2024. Each Monthly Extension Payment from the Sponsor was evidenced by an unsecured promissory note (collectively, the Extension Notes issued by the Company to the Sponsor. Pursuant to the Extension Notes, the Sponsor, has the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Notes, in whole or in part, respectively, into private units of the Company, each consisting of one ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, one-half of one warrant, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon the consummation of a business combination, as described in the prospectus of the Company (File No: 333- 272605), by providing the Company with written notice of the intention to convert at least two business days prior to the closing of the business combination. The number of units to be received by the Sponsor in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to the Sponsor by (y) 10.00. 21 Table of Contents Entry into a Business Combination Agreement with Global IBO Group Ltd. On August 5, 2024, the Company entered into a business combination agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with GIBO Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company PubCo ), GIBO Merger Sub 1 Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub I ), GIBO Merger Sub 2 Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub II ), and Global IBO Group Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares GIBO ). With an aim to revolutionize content creation and consumption through artificial intelligence ("AI"), GIBO, powered by its innovative platform GIBO.ai , enables content creators to automate tasks, create personalized audio and graphics, obtain data-driven insights into the content they created, and explore new ideas through collaboration. GIBO.ai is not only equipped with cutting-edge generative AI-powered technology, but also emphasizes the establishment of a sustainable ecosystem that can empower animation creators on the content creation process and provide distribution channels for their works to be accessed and monetized by viewers on its platform. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, among other things, (i) Merger Sub I will merge with and into GIBO, with GIBO as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo (the First Merger ), and (ii) following the First Merger, Merger Sub II will merge with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo (the Second Merger, and together with the First Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination ). Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, each of the Company and GIBO would become subsidiary of PubCo, and the Company s shareholders and GIBO s shareholders (except certain shareholders of GIBO (such shareholders, the Founders )) would receive Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.000001 per share, of PubCo PubCo Class A Ordinary Shares and the Founders would receive Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.000001 per share, of PubCo PubCo Class B Ordinary Shares and together with PubCo Class A Ordinary Shares, PubCo Ordinary Shares as consideration and become the shareholders of PubCo. Each PubCo Class A Ordinary Share has one vote per share while each PubCo Class B Ordinary Share has one twenty (20) votes per share. Each PubCo Class B Ordinary Share is convertible into one (1) PubCo Class A Ordinary Share at any time at the option of the holder thereof and PubCo Class A Ordinary Shares are not convertible into PubCo Class B Ordinary Shares under any circumstances. The closing date of each of the First Merger and the Second Merger is hereinafter referred to as First Closing Date and the Second Closing Date respectively. The Company and GIBO expect PubCo Class A Ordinary Shares be listed and traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC following the consummation of the Business Combination. The merger consideration for the Business Combination is 8.28 billion. Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our activities since the IPO have involved mainly searching for a suitable target for our initial business combination and to facilitate the consummation of the business combination with GIBO. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After the IPO, we incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting, and auditing compliance), as well as for expenses associated with the search for target opportunities. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 323 which consisted of interest and dividend income of 444,201 on investments held in Trust Account which was offset by operating cost of 444,524. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we had a net income of 483,010 which consisted of interest and dividend income of 735,583 on investments held in Trust Account which was offset by operating cost of 255,158. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net income of 1,099,944 which consisted of interest and dividend income of 2,015,165 on investments held in Trust Account which was offset by operating cost of 915,221. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had a net income of 354,026 which consisted of interest and dividend income of 735,583 on investments held in Trust Account which was offset by operating cost of 384,646. 22 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, cash used in operating activities was 775,595 and 431,639, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had cash of 215,776 and 355,108, respectively, available for working capital needs. All remaining cash is held in the Trust Account and is generally unavailable for our use, prior to an initial business combination, and is restricted for use either in a business combination or to redeem the ordinary shares. As of September 30, 2024, none of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account was available to be withdrawn as described above. We intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of the IPO, including the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business or businesses and to pay our expenses relating thereto, including deferred underwriting commissions of 1,150,000 payable to A.G.P. / Alliance Global Partners A.G.P. ), the representative of the underwriters of the IPO. To the extent that our share capital is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business combination if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. Over the next 12 months (assuming a business combination is not consummated prior thereto), we will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount of interest available to us from the Trust Account is less than we expect as a result of the current interest rate environment, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 215,775 and working capital deficit of 1,075,762. The Company s cash and working capital as of September 30, 2024, are not sufficient to complete its planned activities to consummate a business combination for the upcoming year. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. management believes that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such additional conditions also raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management expects to obtain additional funds from related parties to provide the additional working capital necessary to carry out its objective to consummate a business combination. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 23 Table of Contents Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. We are obligated to pay the underwriters a deferred underwriting fees equal to 2.0 of the gross proceeds of the IPO. Upon completion of the business combination, 1,150,000 will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in the Trust Account. The founder shares, the Ordinary Shares included in the Private Units, and any Ordinary Shares that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any underlying securities) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection with the IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates In preparing these financial statements in conformity with US GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, actual results may differ from these estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies and estimates: Investments Held in Trust Account As of September 30, 2024, the assets held in the Trust Account were in the amount of 32,145,854. Warrants We account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our own Ordinary Shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of equity at the time of issuance. We determined that upon further review of the warrant agreements, we concluded that our warrants qualify for equity accounting treatment. 24 Table of Contents Offering Costs Offering costs consisting principally of underwriting, legal and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the IPO. We comply with the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 340-10-S99-1, Other Assets and Deferred Costs SEC Materials ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering . Share-Based Compensation Expense We account for share-based compensation expense in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, share-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date and recognized over the requisite service period. To the extent a share-based award is subject to a performance condition, the amount of expense recorded in a given period, if any, reflects an assessment of the probability of achieving such performance condition, with compensation recognized once the event is deemed probable to occur. Forfeitures are recognized as incurred. Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Ordinary Shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Ordinary Shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our public shares of Ordinary Shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Ordinary Shares included in the Public Units subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our balance sheet. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Ordinary Shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable Ordinary Shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated deficit. Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less interest income and unrealized gain or loss on investments in trust account less any dividends paid. We then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares. Any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders. Fair Value of Financial Instruments ASC Topic 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures defines fair value, the methods used to measure fair value and the expanded disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between the buyer and the seller at the measurement date. In determining fair value, the valuation techniques consistent with the market approach, income approach and cost approach shall be used to measure fair value. ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy for inputs, which represent the assumptions used by the buyer and seller in pricing the asset or liability. These inputs are further defined as observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs are those that buyer and seller would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company s assumptions about the inputs that the buyer and seller would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. 25 Table of Contents The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based on the inputs as follows: Level 1 based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Valuation adjustments and block discounts are not being applied. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these securities does not entail a significant degree of judgment. Level 2 Valuations based on (i) quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, (ii) quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets, (iii) inputs other than quoted prices for the assets or liabilities, or (iv) inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market through correlation or other means. Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. Income Taxes We account for income taxes under ASC740 Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. We have identified Cayman Islands as its only major tax jurisdiction, as defined. Based on our evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in our financial statements. Since we were incorporated on September 15, 2022, the evaluation was performed for the 2023 and 2022 tax years which will be the only period subject to examination. We believe that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. Our policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income tax expense. We may be subject to potential examination by foreign taxing authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with foreign tax laws. Our tax provision was deemed to be de minimis for the period presented. We are considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 26 Table of Contents Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk As of September 30, 2024, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our IPO, the net proceeds of our IPO, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer who also serves as our principal financial and accounting officer has concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 27 Table of Contents PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Item 1A. Risk Factors Not applicable to a smaller reporting company. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities On September 15, 2022, we issued 500,000,000 Ordinary Shares of a par value of 0.0001 each to the Sponsor. On November 16, 2022, (1) we issued 1,437,500 Ordinary Shares to the Sponsor for a purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.0174 per share (the Founder Shares ), and (2) the Sponsor surrendered 500,000,000 Ordinary Shares, concurrently, the Sponsor surrendered 500,000,000 Ordinary Shares without any additional consideration. On April 12, 2023, the Sponsor entered into a securities transfer agreement, pursuant to which our sponsor transferred to our officer and directors an aggregate of 23,000 Founder Shares prior to the closing of the IPO, among which, 8,000 Founder Shares were transferred to Seck Chyn Neil Foo, and 5,000 Founder Shares were transferred to each of Bee Lian Ooi, Phui Lam Lee, and Suwardi Bin Hamzah Syakir. The issuance of such Founder Shares to the Sponsor was made pursuant to the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. On June 30, 2023, we consummated the IPO of 5,750,000 Public Units at a price of 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 57,500,000. A.G.P. acted as the representatives of the underwriters of the IPO. The securities sold in the IPO were sold pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-272605). The registration statement became effective on June 27, 2023. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, we completed the Private Placement of 424,307 Private Units to the Sponsor, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 4,243,070. The Private Units are identical to the Public Units sold in the IPO, except that the Sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units and the underlying securities (except to certain permitted transferees) until the completion of the Company s initial business combination. The issuance of the Private Units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, we also issued 150,000 Ordinary Shares (the Representative Shares to A.G.P. and/or its designees as part of representative compensation. A.G.P. has agreed, and will cause any transferee of the Representative Shares to agree, (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination or a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the provisions of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial business combination or to redeem 100 of the Company s public shares if the Company does not complete its initial business combination within 12 months from the Closing (or up to 18 months if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales of the IPO pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 (e)(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales of the IPO, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales of the IPO except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the IPO and their officers, partners, registered persons or affiliates. The issuance of the Representative Shares was made pursuant to the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. From January 1, 2024 to the date hereof, the Company issued a total of five (5) Extension Notes to the Sponsor in the total principal amount of 500,000. The proceeds of the Extension Notes were deposited into the Company s Trust Account for the public shareholders, which enables the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination up to November 30, 2024. The information of the Notes contained under Item 2 of Part I above is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. The issuance of the Notes was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information None. 28 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Promissory Note, dated August 29, 2024, issued by the Company to Bukit Jalil Global Investment Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 30, 2024). 10.2 Promissory Note, dated September 29, 2024, issued by the Company to Bukit Jalil Global Investment Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 30, 2024). 10.3 Promissory Note, dated October 30, 2024, issued by the Company to Bukit Jalil Global Investment Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2024). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 29 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. BUKIT JALIL GLOBAL ACQUISITION 1 LTD. Date: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Seck Chyn Foo Seck Chyn Foo Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chairman and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 buja_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 buja_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Seck Chyn Foo, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, of Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Seck Chyn Foo Seck Chyn Foo Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 buja_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 buja_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of Bukit Jalil Global Acquisition 1 Ltd. (the Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: (1) The Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: November 14, 2024 By: /s/ Seck Chyn Foo Seck Chyn Foo Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 bukit-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 bukit-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 bukit-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bukit-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

