<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1452857_0001452857-24-000030.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16641400</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>144528</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3762608</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6196501</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3359181</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2809038</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001452857-24-000030.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108163107
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001452857-24-000030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001452857
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS PRIMARY METAL PRODUCTS [3390]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35493
		FILM NUMBER:		241441132

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE, 32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-520-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE, 32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WEBFINANCIAL L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081229

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001452857-24-000030.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 splp-20240930.htm
 10-Q

splp-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbols Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of common units outstanding as of November 1, 2024 was . 

STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Page Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Capital for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 45 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 45 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 47 
 SIGNATURES 
 48 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except common units) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents Trade and other receivables - net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Loans receivable, including loans held for sale of and , respectively, net 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term loans receivable, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Long-term investments Total Assets LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deposits Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term deposits Long-term debt Other borrowings Preferred unit liability Accrued pension liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies and issued and outstanding (after deducting and units held in treasury, at cost of and ), respectively 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Partners' Capital Noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities Total Capital Total Liabilities and Capital 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2 

STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except common units and per common unit data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: 
 Diversified Industrial net sales Energy net revenue Financial Services revenue Supply Chain revenue Total revenue Costs and expenses: 
 Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Asset impairment charge Finance interest expense Provision for credit losses Interest expense Realized and unrealized losses (gains) on securities, net ) ) ) Other expense (income), net ) ) ) Total costs and expenses Income from operations before income taxes and equity method investments Income tax provision (benefit) ) ) ) Loss of associated companies, net of taxes Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to common unitholders Net income per common unit - basic Net income attributable to common unitholders Net income per common unit - diluted Net income attributable to common unitholders Weighted-average number of common units outstanding - basic 
 Weighted-average number of common units outstanding - diluted 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 

STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: Currency translation adjustments ) ) Changes in pension liabilities and other post-retirement benefit obligations ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to common unitholders 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Capital 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except common units and treasury units) 
 Steel Partners Holdings L.P. Common Unitholders Common Treasury Units Partners' Accumulated Other Comprehensive Total Partners' Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Total Units Units Dollars Capital Loss Capital Entities Capital Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) Net income Currency translation adjustments 
 ) ) ) Equity compensation - restricted units 
 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted units ) ) ) ) Share-based long term incentive plan unit awards Purchases of SPLP common units ) ) ) ) ) Adjustment to interest in consolidated subsidiaries Other, net 
 Balance as of March 31, 2024 
 ) ) ) Net income Currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Equity compensation - restricted units Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted units ) ) ) ) Purchases of SPLP common units ) ) ) ) ) Adjustment to interest in consolidated subsidiaries ) ) Other, net Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Currency translation adjustments Changes in pension liabilities and post-retirement benefit obligations ) ) ) Equity compensation - restricted units Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted units ) ) ) ) Purchases of SPLP common units ) ) ) ) ) Adjustment to interest in consolidated subsidiaries ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 

5 

Steel Partners Holdings L.P. Common Unitholders Common Treasury Units Partners' Accumulated Other Comprehensive Total Partners' Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Total Units Units Dollars Capital Loss Capital Entities Capital Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle for current expected credit losses, net of tax ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Currency translation adjustments 
 Equity compensation - restricted units 
 ) ) ) Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted units ) ) ) ) Purchases of SPLP common units ) ) ) ) ) Other, net 
 ) ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income ) Currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Equity compensation - restricted units 
 Tax withholding related to the vesting of restricted units ) ) ) ) Purchases of SPLP common units ) ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests assumed upon consolidation of Steel Connect (Note 3) Other, net ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Changes in pension liabilities and post-retirement benefit obligations Equity compensation - restricted units 
 Purchases of SPLP common units ) ) ) ) ) Adjustment to interest in consolidated subsidiaries ) ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income from operations to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Loss of associated companies, net of taxes Realized and unrealized gains on securities, net ) ) Derivative gains on economic interests in loans ) ) Non-cash pension expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Depreciation and amortization Non-cash lease expense Equity-based compensation Asset impairment charges Other Net change in operating assets and liabilities: Trade and other receivables ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities ) ) Net decrease (increase) in loans held for sale ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of investments ) ) Proceeds from sales of investments Proceeds from maturities of investments Principal repayment on Steel Connect Convertible Note Loan originations, net of collections ) Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Increase in cash upon consolidation of Steel Connect Other ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net revolver (repayments) borrowings ) Repayments of term loans ) ) Purchases of the Company's common units ) ) Purchases of the Company's preferred units ) Net decrease in other borrowings ) ) Distribution to preferred unitholders ) ) Purchase of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interests ) ) Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted units ) ) Net (decrease) increase in deposits ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net change for the period ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 All amounts used in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are in thousands, except common and preferred units, per common and preferred unit, share and per share data, and price per ounce. 

1. 

8 

2. 

For additional details related to the Company's reportable segments, see Note 17 - "Segment Information." 
 
 The following table presents the Company's revenues disaggregated by geography for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company's revenues are primarily derived domestically. Foreign revenues are based on the country in which the legal subsidiary generating the revenue is domiciled. 
 Foreign Total revenue 
 
 Contract Balances 
 
 Differences in the timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections result in billed trade receivables, unbilled receivables (contract assets) and deferred revenues (contract liabilities) on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Contract Assets 
 
 Unbilled receivables arise when the timing of billings to customers differs from the timing of revenue recognition, such as when the Company recognizes revenue over time before a customer can be billed. Contract assets are classified as Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the contract asset balance was and , respectively. 
 
 9 

Deferral of revenue Recognition of unearned revenue ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Deferral of revenue Recognition of unearned revenue ) Balance at September 30, 2023 

3. 
 
 shares of common stock, par value per share, of Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. ("Aerojet") held by the Steel Partners Group to Steel Connect in exchange for shares of newly created Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Steel Connect (the "Series E Convertible Preferred Stock" and such transfer and related transactions, the "Exchange Transaction"). The Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into an aggregate of million shares million shares post June 21, 2023 reverse/forward stock split) of Steel Connect common stock, par value per share (the common stock or Common Stock ), and will vote together with the Steel Connect common stock and participate in any dividends paid on the Steel Connect common stock, in each case on an as-converted basis. Upon conversion of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, when combined with STCN common stock, STCN convertible debt, if converted, and STCN Series C preferred shares, also if converted, owned by the Company, would result in the Steel Partners Group holding approximately of the outstanding equity interests of Steel Connect as of the Exchange Transaction closing date. The Exchange Transaction closed on May 1, 2023, the date that the consideration was exchanged between the Company and Steel Connect and as of that date Steel Connect became a consolidated subsidiary for financial reporting purposes. Steel Connect is not consolidated for Federal income tax purposes because the ownership in Steel Connect is dispersed between different federal tax consolidation groups. Steel Connect's assets and liabilities have been included in the Company's consolidated balance sheet, with a related noncontrolling interest of of STCN's common stock as of the Exchange Transaction closing date. Prior to May 1, 2023, the Company held a ownership interest in Steel Connect and accounted for its investment in Steel Connect in accordance with the equity method of accounting. The Company remeasured the previously held equity method investment to its fair value based upon a valuation of Steel Connect, as of the date of the Exchange Transaction. 
 
 The Exchange Transaction was accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 805, Business Combinations , and, accordingly, Steel Connect s results of operations have been consolidated in our financial statements since the date of the Exchange Transaction. The Company recorded a preliminary allocation of the Exchange Transaction to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of May 1, 2023. The purchase price and purchase price allocation of the Exchange Transaction were finalized as of December 31, 2023, with no significant changes to preliminary amounts. 

10 

Fair value of previously held interests in Steel Connect: Steel Connect common stock Steel Connect Series C Preferred Stock Steel Connect Convertible Note Noncontrolling interest ("NCI") at fair value Less cash acquired ) Total estimated consideration, less cash acquired 
 
 The Company remeasured the fair value of STCN common stock using the quoted market price available on the date immediately prior to when the Exchange Transaction was executed, which was the closing market price as of Friday, April 28, 2023, as that represented the information known and knowable at the time of the Exchange Transaction. The Company notes that the change in the calculation resulted in other adjustments which reallocated the components of total estimated consideration between the fair value of previously held STCN common stock and NCI, with no change to the overall consideration transferred. The other adjustments were recorded as of December 31, 2023 and did not result in any other changes to assets or liabilities recognized by the Company. 
 
 The Company's fair value estimates of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed in the Exchange Transaction, as well as final fair value allocations reflecting adjustments made during the measurement period to date, are as follows: 
 
 (in thousands) Initial Estimate Other Adjustments Final Allocation Trade and other receivables Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Identifiable intangible assets ) Other non-current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Investments Total assets acquired ) Accounts payable Accrued liabilities ) Other current liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities assumed ) Goodwill ) Net assets acquired at fair value ) 
 
 The excess of the Exchange Transaction consideration over the fair value of net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill, which was primarily attributed to expected synergies and the assembled workforce of Steel Connect and will not be deductible for income tax purposes. The fair values assigned to the net identifiable assets and liabilities assumed were based on management s estimates and assumptions. 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets were recognized at their estimated acquisition date fair values. The fair value of the trade name asset was determined using the relief-from-royalty method and the fair value of the customer relationships asset was determined using the excess earnings method. These income-based approaches included assumptions such as the amount and 
 11 

Trade name Indefinite Estimated fair value of identifiable intangible assets 

4. 
 
 Commercial real estate loans Commercial and industrial Consumer loans Total loans Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Total loans receivable, net Loans receivable, including loans held for sale (a) 
 
 (a) The amortized cost of loans receivable, including loans held for sale, is considered to be representative of fair value because the rates of interest are not significantly different from market interest rates for instruments with similar maturities. The fair value of loans receivable, including loans held for sale, was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Loans with an amortized cost of approximately and were pledged as collateral for potential borrowings as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. WebBank serviced and in loans for others as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 WebBank sold loans classified as loans held for sale of and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The sold loans were derecognized from the consolidated balance sheets. Loans classified as loans held for sale primarily consist of consumer and small business loans. Amounts added to loans held for sale during the same periods were and , respectively. 
 
 WebBank's allowance for credit losses ("ACL") increased , or , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and decreased , or during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in ACL was primarily due to underperformance of collateral on one of WebBank s asset-based lending loans and reduced collateral on commercial premium finance loans, partially offset by a reduction in loan balances. 

12 

Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (benefit) ) March 31, 2024 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision June 30, 2024 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision September 30, 2024 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Loans Commercial Industrial Consumer Loans Total December 31, 2022 Impact of adopting current expected credit loss accounting guidance Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision March 31, 2023 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries (Benefit) Provision ) ) June 30, 2023 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision September 30, 2023 
 
 The ACL and outstanding loan balances are summarized as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 Commercial Real Estate Loans Commercial Industrial Consumer Loans Total Allowance for credit losses: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total Outstanding loan balances: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total 
 
 December 31, 2023 Commercial Real Estate Loans Commercial Industrial Consumer Loans Total Allowance for loan losses: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total Outstanding loan balances: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total 
 
 13 

and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Consumer loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest were and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company had and nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Commercial and industrial Consumer loans Total loans 
 
 December 31, 2023 Current 30-89 Days Past Due 90+ Days Past Due Total Past Due Total Loans Recorded Investment In Accruing Loans 90+ Days Past Due Nonaccrual 
 Loans 
 That Are 
 Current (a) 
 Commercial real estate loans Commercial and industrial Consumer loans Total loans 
 (a) Represents nonaccrual loans that are not past due more than 30 days; however, full payment of principal and interest is still not expected. 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 
 In addition to the past due and nonaccrual criteria, loans are analyzed using a loan grading system. Generally, internal grades are assigned to commercial loans based on the performance of the loans, financial/statistical models and loan officer judgment. For consumer loans and some commercial and industrial loans, the primary credit quality indicator is payment status. Reviews and grading of loans with unpaid principal balances of or more are performed once per year. Grades follow definitions of Pass, Special Mention, Substandard and Doubtful, which are consistent with published definitions of regulatory risk classifications. The definitions of Pass, Special Mention, Substandard and Doubtful are summarized as follows: 
 
 Pass : An asset in this category is a higher quality asset and does not fit any of the other categories described below. The likelihood of loss is considered remote. 
 Special Mention : An asset in this category has a specific weakness or problem but does not currently present a significant risk of loss or default as to any material term of the loan or financing agreement. 
 Substandard : An asset in this category has a developing or minor weakness or weaknesses that could result in loss or default if deficiencies are not corrected or adverse conditions arise. 
 Doubtful : An asset in this category has an existing weakness or weaknesses that have developed into a serious risk of significant loss or default with regard to a material term of the financing agreement. 
 
 Commercial and industrial Consumer loans Total loans 
 
 14 

Commercial and industrial Consumer loans Total loans 
 
 The following table represents the amortized cost basis loan balances by year of origination and credit quality indicator: 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 Revolving loans amortized cost basis Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total Commercial Real Estate Loans Risk Rating: Pass Total Commercial Real Estate Loans Commercial Industrial Risk Rating: Pass Non - graded Sub-standard Total Commercial Industrial Current period gross charge-offs Consumer Loans Risk Rating: Non - graded Total Consumer Loans Current period gross charge-offs 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 Revolving loans amortized cost basis Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total Commercial Real Estate Loans Risk Rating: Pass Sub-standard Total Commercial Real Estate Loans Commercial Industrial Risk Rating: Pass Non - graded Sub-standard Total Commercial Industrial Consumer Loans Risk Rating: Non - graded Total Consumer Loans 

Impaired Loans 
 15 

and , respectively, with and recorded to Loans receivable, net and Long-term loans receivable, net, respectively, and and included in Other current liabilities and Other borrowings, respectively, in the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. A s of December 31, 2023, the total PPP loans and associated liabilities were and , respectively, and included in Long-term loans receivable, net, and Other borrowings, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023. Upon borrower forgiveness, the SBA pays WebBank for the principal and accrued interest owed on the loan. WebBank has received forgiveness payments from the SBA and received payments from borrowers of during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

5. 
 
 In-process Raw materials Fine and fabricated precious metal in various stages of completion 
 LIFO reserve ) ) Total 
 
 Fine and Fabricated Precious Metal Inventory 
 
 In order to produce certain of its products, the Company purchases, maintains and utilizes precious metal inventory. The Company records certain precious metal inven tory at the lower of last-in-first-out ("LIFO") cost or market value, with any adjustments recorded through Cost of goods sold. Remaining precious metal inventory is accounted for primarily at fair value. 
 
 The Company obtains certain precious metals under a fee consignment agreement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had approximately and , respectively, of precious metals, principally silver, under consignment, which are recorded at fair value in Inventories, net with a corresponding liability for the same amount recorded in Accounts payable on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Fees charged under the consignment agreement are recorded in Interest expense in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 16 

Precious metals stated under non-LIFO cost methods, primarily at fair value Market price per ounce: Silver Gold Platinum Palladium 

6. 
 
 Accumulated impairments ) ) ) Net goodwill Currency translation adjustments Other adjustments ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Gross goodwill Accumulated impairments ) ) ) Net goodwill 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Electrical Products reporting unit, which is included within the Diversified Industrial segment, had goodwill of and , respectively. As of December 1, 2023 the Electrical Products reporting unit's fair value exceeded its net book value by . As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not identify indicators of impairment for the Electrical Products reporting unit. The fair value of the Electrical Products reporting unit can be significantly impacted by the reporting unit's performance, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, decreased customer demand for Electrical Products' services, management's ability to execute its business strategies, and general market conditions, such as economic downturns, and changes in interest rates, including discount rates. Future cash flow estimates are, by their nature, subjective, and actual results may differ materially from the Company's estimates. Based on our assessment of these circumstances, we have determined that goodwill at our Electrical Products reporting unit is at risk for future impairment if the Company's ongoing cash flow projections are not met or if market factors utilized in the impairment test deteriorate, including an unfavorable change in the terminal growth rate or the weighted-average cost of capital, the Company may have to record impairment charges in future periods. 
 
 Trademarks, trade names and brand names 
 Developed technology, patents and patent applications 
 Other 
 Total 
 
 Trademarks with indefinite lives as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were and , respectively. Amortization expense related to intangible assets was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

17 

7. 
 
 PCS-Mosaic (b) 
 Other long-term investments (c) 
 Total 
 
 a) Gross unrealized losses for DMC Global, Inc. totaled for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 b) Represents the Company's investment in PCS-Mosaic, which is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 
 c) The balance consists of multiple common stock investments of public and non-public companies and available for sale securities. 
 
 The Loss of associated companies, net of taxes, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are as follows: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 STCN convertible notes STCN common stock PCS-Mosaic Loss of associated companies, net of taxes 

) ) ) Less: Net (gains) losses recognized during the period on equity securities sold during the period ) ) ) Unrealized losses (gains) recognized during the period on equity securities still held at the end of the period 
 
 Equity Method Investments 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's investments in associated companies includes PCS-Mosaic, which is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. PCS-Mosaic is a private investment fund primarily invested in specialized software development and training services. PCS-Mosaic is carried at cost, plus or minus the Company s share of net earnings or losses of the investment. Associated companies are included in the Corporate and Other segment. 
 
 Beginning May 1, 2023, STCN was consolidated by the Company. Refer to Note 3 - "Acquisitions and Divestitures" for further details of the exchange transactions between the Company and STCN. 
 
 18 

Contractual maturities within: Less than five years Five years to ten years After ten years Total December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Estimated Fair Value Carrying Value Collateralized securities Contractual maturities within: Less than five years Five years to ten years After ten years Total 
 
 and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, is included in the net amortized cost balance of the securities. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, WebBank recorded a provision for credit losses on HTM debt securities of . 

8. 

Other debt - domestic Subtotal Less: portion due within one year Long-term debt Total debt 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company's senior credit agreement, as amended and restated ("Credit Agreement") covers substantially all of the Company's subsidiaries, with the exception of WebBank and Steel Connect, and provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed (the "Revolving Credit Loans"), which includes a subfacility for swing line loans, a subfacility for standby letters of credit and a foreign currency sublimit (available in euros and pounds sterling) equal to the lesser of and the total amount of the Revolving 
 19 

plus additional amounts so long as the Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) would not exceed :1. Borrowings bear interest, at annual rates of either Base Rate, SOFR Rate or Term RFR (each as defined in the Credit Agreement), at the borrowers option, plus an applicable margin, as set forth in the Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the Credit Agreement also provides for a commitment fee of to be paid on unused borrowings. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains financial covenants, including: (i) a Leverage Ratio not to exceed to 1.00 for quarterly periods as of the end of each fiscal quarter provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, following a Material Acquisition (as defined in the Credit Agreement), Borrowers shall not permit the Leverage Ratio, calculated as of the end of each of the four (4) fiscal quarters immediately following such Material Acquisition (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall commence with the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition is consummated), to exceed to 1.00 and (ii) an Interest Coverage Ratio, calculated as of the end of each fiscal quarter, not less than to 1.00. The Credit Agreement also contains standard representations, warranties and covenants for a transaction of this nature, including, among other things, covenants relating to: (i) financial reporting and notification; (ii) payment of obligations; (iii) compliance with law; (iv) maintenance of insurance; and (v) maintenance of properties. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all financial and nonfinancial covenants under the Credit Agreement. The Company believes it will remain in compliance with the Credit Agreements covenants for the next twelve months. The Credit Agreement will expire on December 29, 2026. 
 
 The weighted average interest rate on the Credit Agreement was at September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, letters of credit totaling had been issued under the Credit Agreement. The primary use of the Company's letters of credit are to support the performance and financial obligations related to certain environmental matters, insurance programs and real estate leases. The Credit Agreement permits the Company to borrow for the dividends on its preferred units, pension contributions, investments, acquisitions and other general corporate expenses. Based on financial results as of September 30, 2024, the Company's total availability under the Credit Agreement, which is based upon Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and certain covenants as described in the Credit Agreement, was approximate ly as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Steel Connect Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 Steel Connect's wholly-owned subsidiary, ModusLink Corporation ("ModusLink"), has a revolving credit agreement (the "Umpqua Revolver") with Umpqua Bank which provides for a maximum credit commitment of and a sub-limit of for letters of credit and expires on March 31, 2026. As of September 30, 2024, ModusLink was in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver's covenants and believes it will remain in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver s covenants for the next twelve months. As of September 30, 2024, ModusLink had available borrowing capacity of and there was outstanding for letters of credit. 
 
 On May 1, 2024, ModusLink entered into a Second Amendment to Credit Agreement (the "Second Amendment"), amending the Umpqua Revolver. Among other things, the Second Amendment extended the maturity date with respect to revolving loans from March 31, 2025 to March 31, 2026, removed certain adjustments in the definition of "Adjusted EBITDA" as set forth in the Umpqua Revolver, increased the minimum Adjusted Tangible Net Worth and removed certain caps and conditions on ModusLink's ability to pay dividends. 

9. 
 
 . Gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments are accounted for in the Company's consolidated statements of operations in Financial Services revenue. Fair value represents the estimated amounts that WebBank would receive or pay to terminate the contracts at the reporting date based on a discounted cash flow model for the same or similar instruments. WebBank does not enter into derivative contracts for speculative or trading purposes. 
 
 20 

ounces Gold ounce Palladium ounces Platinum ounces Copper pounds Tin metric tons 
 
 Fair Value Hedges. Certain forward contracts are accounted for as fair value hedges under ASC 815 for the Company's precious metal inventory carried at fair value. These contracts hedge ou nces (in whole units) of silver and a majority of the Company's pounds of copper. The fair values of these derivatives are recognized as derivative assets and liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The net changes in fair value of the derivative assets and liabilities, and the changes in the fair value of the underlying hedged inventory, are recognized in the Company's consolidated statements of operations, and such amounts principally offset each other due to the effectiveness of the hedges. 
 
 Economic Hedges. The remaining outstanding forward contracts for silver, and all the contracts for gold, palladium, platinum and tin, are accounted for as economic hedges. As these derivatives are not designated as accounting hedges under ASC 815, they are accounted for as derivatives with no hedge designation. The derivatives are marked to market with gains and losses recorded in earnings in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. The economic hedges are associated primarily with the Company's precious metal inventory valued using the LIFO method. 
 
 The forward contracts were made with a counterparty rated Aa2 by Moody's. Accordingly, management evaluated counterparty risk and believes that there is minimal credit risk of default. The Company estimates the fair value of its derivative contracts based on the counterparty's statement. The Company maintains collateral on account with the third-party broker which varies in amount depending on the value of open contracts and the current market price. Other liabilities ) Derivatives not designated as ASC 815 hedges Commodity contracts Prepaid expenses and other current assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Economic interests in loans Other non-current assets Other non-current assets 
 
 The effects of fair value hedge accounting on the consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was losses of and , respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was gains of and , respectively . ) Economic interests in loans Financial Services revenue Total 
 
 21 

and , respectively. Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a borrower who meets the lending criteria through one of WebBank's lending agreements, provided there is no violation of any condition established in the contract with the counterparty to the lending arrangement. 
 
 Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since certain of the commitments are expected to expire without the credit being extended, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. WebBank evaluates each prospective borrower's credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by WebBank upon extension of credit, is based on management's credit evaluation of the borrower and WebBank's counterparty. 
 
 WebBank's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. WebBank uses the same credit policy in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on balance sheet instruments. 

10. 

Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Total net pension expense 
 
 to its pension plans. Required future pension contributions are estimated based upon assumptions such as discount rates on future obligations, assumed rates of return on plan assets and legislative changes. Actual future pension costs and required funding obligations will be affected by changes in the factors and assumptions described in the previous sentence, including the impact of declines in pension plan assets and interest rates, as well as other changes such as any plan termination or other acceleration events. The Company currently estimates it will contribute to its pension plans during the remainder of 2024. 

11. 
 
 Class A units (regular common units) outstanding. 
 
 22 

of the Company's common units (the "Repurchase Program"), which is inclusive of common units approved in March 2024. The Repurchase Program, which was announced on December 7, 2016, supersedes and cancels, to the extent any amounts remain available, all previously approved repurchase programs. Any purchases made under the Repurchase Program will be made from time to time on the open market or in negotiated transactions off the market, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchase will depend on economic and market conditions, share price, trading volume, applicable legal requirements and other factors. In connection with the Repurchase Program, the Company may enter into a stock purchase plan. The Repurchase Program has no termination date. The Company repurchased, under the Repurchase Program, and common units for an aggregate purchase price of and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. From the inception of the Repurchase Program the Company has purchased common units for an aggregate price of approximately . As of September 30, 2024, there remained common units that may yet be purchased under the Repurchase Program. 
 
 On September 1, 2024, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with Hale Partnership Fund, L.P. and related parties (the "Hale Entities") pursuant to which the Company purchased an aggregate of Common Units from the Hale Entities for an aggregate purchase price of . This agreement was approved by the Company s Board of Directors outside of the Repurchase Program. 
 
 Incentive Award Plan 
 
 The Company's 2018 Incentive Award Plan (the "2018 Plan") provides equity-based compensation through the grant of options to purchase the Company's limited partnership units, unit appreciation rights, restricted units, phantom units, substitute awards, performance awards, other unit-based awards, and, as appropriate, any tandem distribution equivalent rights granted with respect to an award (collectively, "LP Units"). On May 18, 2020, the Company's unitholders approved the Amended and Restated 2018 Incentive Award Plan, which increased the number of LP Units issuable under the 2018 Plan by to a total of LP Units. On June 9, 2021, the Company's unitholders approved the Second Amended and Restated 2018 Incentive Award Plan ("Second A R 2018 Plan"), which increased the number of LP Units issuable under the 2018 Plan by to a total of LP Units. The Company granted restricted LP Units under the Second A R 2018 Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Of the restricted LP Units granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, restricted LP Units were granted during the three months ending March 31, 2024, which vested immediately on the date of the grant, and restricted LP Units were granted during the three months ended June 30, 2024, which will vest in approximately years. 
 
 Preferred Units 
 
 The Company's Series A preferred units, no par value (the "SPLP Preferred Units") entitle the holders to a cumulative quarterly cash or in-kind (or a combination thereof) distribution. The Company declared cash distributions of approximately and to preferred unitholders for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and approximately and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The SPLP Preferred Units have a term of , ending February 2026, and are redeemable at any time at the Company's option at a liquidation value per unit, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions (payable in cash or SPLP common units, or a combination of both, at the Company's discretion). If redeemed in common units, the number of common units to be issued will be equal to the liquidation value per unit divided by the volume weighted-average price of the common units for days prior to the redemption. On February 2, 2024, the Board of SPH GP approved the repurchase of up to of the SPLP Preferred Units. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased SPLP Preferred Units for . The Company did not repurchase any SPLP Preferred Units during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The SPLP Preferred Units have no voting rights, except that holders have certain voting rights in limited circumstances relating to the election of directors following the failure to pay six quarterly distributions. The SPLP Preferred Units are recorded as non-current liabilities, including accrued interest expense, on the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 because they have an unconditional obligation to be redeemed for cash or by issuing a variable number of SPLP common units for a monetary value that is fixed and known at inception. Because the SPLP Preferred Units are classified as liabilities, distributions thereon are recorded as a component of Interest expense in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and SPLP Preferred Units outstanding, respectively. 
 
 23 

per unit, payable December 15, 2024, to unitholders of record as of December 1, 2024, on its SPLP Preferred Units. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) Net other comprehensive loss attributable to common unitholders ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) Net other comprehensive loss attributable to common unitholders ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) Net other comprehensive income attributable to common unitholders ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 
 Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities Cumulative translation adjustments Change in net pension and other benefit obligations Total Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) ) Net other comprehensive income attributable to common unitholders Balance at March 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) Net other comprehensive loss attributable to common unitholders ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) Net other comprehensive loss attributable to common unitholders ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 Incentive Unit Awards 
 
 In 2012, SPLP issued to the Manager partnership profits interests in the form of Incentive Units which entitle the holder generally to share in of the increase in the equity value of the Company, based on the volume weighted average price of the Company s common units for the trading days prior to the year-end measurement date. In 2015, the Manager assigned its rights to Incentive Units to a related party, SPH SPV-I LLC ("SPH SPV-I") pursuant to an Incentive Unit Agreement. Vesting in Incentive Units is measured annually on the last day of the Company s fiscal year and is based upon exceeding a baseline equity value per common unit which is currently and was determined when the most recent award vested on December 31, 2022. The number of outstanding Incentive Units is equal to of the common units outstanding, including common units held by non-wholly-owned subsidiaries. The measurement date equity value per common unit is determined by calculating the volume weighted average price of the Company s common units for trading days prior to a measurement date. If an Incentive Unit award vests as of an annual measurement date they will be issued as Class C units. 
 
 Upon vesting in Incentive Units, the baseline equity value will be recalculated as the new baseline equity value to be assessed at the next annual measurement date. If the baseline equity value is not exceeded as of an annual measurement date, then no portion of annual Incentive Units will be classified as Class C common units for that year and the baseline equity value per common unit will be the same amount as determined upon the prior vesting. The Class C units have the same rights as the LP Units, including, without limitation, with respect to partnership distributions and allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction, in all respects, except that liquidating distributions made by the Company to such holder may not exceed the amount of its capital account allocable to such Class C units and such Class C units may not be sold in the public market, until they have converted into LP Units. At such time that the amount of the capital account allocable to a Class C unit is equal to the amount of the capital account allocable to an LP Unit, such Class C unit shall convert automatically into an LP Unit. 
 
 If September 30, 2024 was the annual measurement date, Incentive Units would vest or be issued as Class C common units based upon the volume weighted-average price of the Company's common units for trading days prior to September 30, 2024. Pursuant to the terms to the Incentive Unit Agreement, vesting of the Incentive Units only occurs based on the value of the Company s common units at the annual measurement date on December 31, and therefore, more, fewer or no Incentive Units may vest for 2024. 
 
 24 

12. 
 
 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and an income tax benefit of for the same period in 2023. The Company recorded income tax benefits of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Provisions have been made for federal, state, local, and foreign income taxes on the results of operations generated by our consolidated subsidiaries that are taxable entities. Significant differences between the statutory rate and the effective tax rate include the effect of the release of valuation allowances with respect to deferred tax assets, partnership losses for which no tax benefit is recognized, tax expense related to unrealized gains and losses on investment, the effect of tax credits and incentives, and other permanent differences. The Company's consolidated subsidiaries have recorded deferred tax valuation allowances to the extent that they believe it is more likely than not that the benefits of certain deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. 
 
 The income tax benefits recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, include the impact of the release of Steel Connect's valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets which resulted in a one-time non-cash income tax benefit of . During the three months ended June 30, 2024, Steel Connect reassessed the need for a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. After considering historical and projected future taxable income and existing taxable temporary differences, Steel Connect determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. As a result, Steel Connect released substantially all of its valuation allowance on the NOLs carried forward after July 31, 2024 (Steel Connect's fiscal year-end), other than the valuation allowance relating to an estimated of state NOLs that Steel Connect anticipates will expire unutilized. 
 
 Each year, the Company files many tax returns given the number of national, state and local tax jurisdictions in which the Company operates. These tax returns are subject to examination by the tax authorities. As a result, there is an uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements in accordance with accounting for income taxes and accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. The ultimate resolution of such uncertainties is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's results of operations. 

13. 
 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to common unitholders Effect of dilutive securities: Interest expense from SPLP Preferred Units (a) 
 Net income attributable to common unitholders assuming dilution Net income per common unit basic Net income attributable to common unitholders Net income per common unit diluted Net income attributable to common unitholders Denominator for net income per common unit basic Effect of dilutive securities: 
 Incentive Units Unvested restricted common units SPLP Preferred Units Denominator for net income per common unit diluted 
 (a) Assumes the SPLP Preferred Units were redeemed in common units as described in Note 11 - "Capital and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss." 
 
 25 

14. 
 
 Precious metal and commodity inventories recorded at fair value 
 Economic interests in loans (b) 
 Warrants (c) 
 Total Liabilities: Commodity contracts on precious metal and commodity inventories 
 Other precious metal liabilities Total 
 
 December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Long-term investments (a) 
 Precious metal and commodity inventories recorded at fair value 
 Economic interests in loans (b) 
 Commodity contracts on precious metal and commodity inventories 
 Warrants (c) 
 Total Liabilities: Commodity contracts on precious metal and commodity inventories 
 Other precious metal liabilities Total 
 (a) For additional details of the long-term investments, see Note 7 "Investments." The investment in PCS-Mosaic of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , respectively, i s not included in the fair value leveling tables as it is valued at cost. 
 (b) For additional details of the economic interests in loans, see Note 9 "Financial Instruments". 
 (c) Included within Other non-current assets in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, of assets, were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2, due to being delisted from the London Stock Exchange. There were no level changes during the three and nine months ending September 30, 2023. 
 
 Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the measurement date ("Level 1"). 
 
 Level 2 inputs may include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in a market that is not active for identical assets or liabilities, or other inputs that can be corroborated by observable market data ("Level 2"). 
 
 Level 3 inputs are unobservable for the asset or liability when there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. Level 3 inputs are based on the best information available and may include data developed by the Company ("Level 3"). 
 
 The fair value of the Company's financial instruments, such as cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables and accounts payable, approximates carrying value due to the short-term maturities of these assets and liabilities. Carrying cost approximates fair value for long-term debt, which has variable interest rates. 
 
 The precious metal and commodity inventories associated with the Company's fair value hedges (see Note 9 - "Financial Instruments") are reported at fair value. Fair values of these inventories are based on quoted market prices on commodity exchanges and are considered Level 1 measurements. The derivative instruments that the Company purchases in connection with its precious metal and commodity inventories, specifically commodity futures and forward contracts, are also 
 26 

Purchases 
 Sales, cash collections, and eliminations ) ) ) Realized gains Unrealized losses 
 ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Purchases 
 Sales, cash collections, and eliminations ) ) ) Realized gains 
 ) Unrealized gains 
 Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 
 (a) Unrealized gains and losses are recorded in Loss of associated companies, net of taxes in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 (b) Realized and unrealized gains and losses are recorded in Realized and unrealized losses (gains) on securities, net or Financial Services revenue in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Long-Term Investments - Valuation Techniques 
 
 The Company estimated the value of its investment in the STCN Note as of March 31, 2023 using a Binomial Lattice Model. Key inputs in the valuation included the trading price and volatility of STCN's common stock, the risk-free rate of return, as well as the dividend rate, conversion price, and maturity date. The fair value of the Company s investment in STCN preferred stock as of March 31, 2023 was its par value because the Company has the right to redeem and the issuer has the right to convert the instrument at the redemption value. The Company's investments in the STCN Note and STCN preferred stock were remeasured as of the date of the Exchange Transaction. The Company's investment in Steel Connect as of March 31, 2023 was eliminated as the Company's ownership of Steel Connect increased to on May 1, 2023, as discussed in Note 3 - "Acquisitions and Divestitures". 
 
 Marketable Securities and Other - Valuation Techniques 
 
 The Company determines the fair value of certain corporate securities and corporate obligations by incorporating and reviewing prices provided by third-party pricing services based on the specific features of the underlying securities. 
 
 The Company uses the net asset value included in quarterly statements it receives in arrears from a venture capital fund to determine the fair value of such fund and determines the fair value of certain corporate securities and corporate obligations by incorporating and reviewing prices provided by third-party pricing services based on the specific features of the underlying securities. The fair value of the derivatives held by WebBank (see Note 9 - "Financial Instruments") represent the estimated amounts that WebBank would receive or pay to terminate the contracts at the reporting date and is based on discounted cash flow analyses that consider credit, performance and prepayment . Unobservable inputs used in the discounted cash flow analyses are: a constant prepayment rate of to , a constant default rate of to and a discount rate of to . 
 
 Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 
 The Company's non-financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, include goodwill and other intangible assets, any assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, or its long-lived assets written down to fair value. To measure fair value for such assets and liabilities, the Company uses techniques including an income approach, a market approach and/or appraisals (Level 3 inputs). The income approach is based on a discounted cash flow analysis ("DCF") and calculates the fair value by estimating the after-tax cash flows attributable to an asset or liability and then discounting the after-tax cash flows to a present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. Assumptions used in the DCF require the exercise of significant judgment, including judgment about appropriate discount rates and terminal values, growth rates and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. The discount rates, which are intended to reflect the risks inherent in future cash flow 
 27 

15. 
 
 and in Accrued liabilities and Other non-current liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023, on a consolidated basis, the Company recorded liabilities of and in Accrued Liabilities and Other non-current liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheet, which represent the current estimate of environmental remediation liabilities as well as reserves related to the litigation matters discussed below. Expenses relating to these costs, and any recoveries, are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. Estimates of the Company's liability for remediation of a particular site and the method and ultimate cost of remediation require a number of assumptions that are inherently difficult to make, and the ultimate outcome may be materially different from current estimates. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 Certain subsidiaries of the Company have existing and contingent liabilities relating to environmental matters, including costs of remediation, capital expenditures, and potential fines and penalties relating to possible violations of federal and state environmental laws. Such existing and contingent liabilities are continually being readjusted based upon the emergence of new findings, techniques and alternative remediation methods. 
 
 Included among these liabilities, certain of the Company's subsidiaries have been identified as PRPs under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ("CERCLA") or similar state statutes at sites and are parties to administrative consent orders in connection with certain properties. Those subsidiaries may be subject to joint and several liabilities imposed by CERCLA on PRPs. Due to the technical and regulatory complexity of remedial activities and the difficulties attendant in identifying PRPs and allocating or determining liability among them, the subsidiaries are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate cost of compliance with such laws at some of the sites at which the Company's subsidiaries are PRP's. 
 
 Based upon information currently available, the Company's subsidiaries do not expect that their respective environmental costs, including the incurrence of additional fines and penalties, if any, will have a material adverse effect on them or that the resolution of these environmental matters will have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of 
 28 

and . The Company has a reserve of recorded for future remediation costs, which is our best estimate within this range of potential losses. Due to the uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the final resolution of this matter will not be material to the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 
 
 In 1986, a subsidiary of the Company entered into an administrative consent order ("ACO") with the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection ("NJDEP") to investigate and remediate property in Montvale, New Jersey that it purchased in 1984. The ACO required investigation and remediation activities to be performed with regard to soil and groundwater contamination. The Company has been actively investigating and remediating the soil and groundwater since that time and has completed the implementation of the groundwater treatment system in operation at the property. Pursuant to a settlement agreement with the former owner/operator of the site, the responsibility for site investigation and remediation costs and other related costs are contractually allocated to the former owner/operator and jointly to the Company, all after having the first paid by the former owner/operator. Additionally, the Company had been reimbursed indirectly through insurance coverage for a portion of the costs for which it is responsible. There is no assurance that the former owner/operator or guarantors will continue to timely reimburse the Company for expenditures and/or will be financially capable of fulfilling their obligations under the settlement agreement and the guaranties. There is no assurance that there will be any additional insurance reimbursement. A reserve of approximately has been established for the Company's expected share of anticipated costs at this site, which is based upon the recent selection of a final remedy, on-going operations and maintenance, additional investigations and monitored natural attenuation testing over the next 30 years. Also, a reserve and related receivable of approximately has been established for the former owner/operator's expected share of anticipated costs at this site. On December 18, 2019, the State of New Jersey ("State") filed a complaint against the Company and other non-affiliated corporations related to former operations at this location. The State sought unspecified damages, including reimbursement for all cleanup and removal costs and other damages that the State claims it has incurred, including the lost value of, and reasonable assessment costs for, any natural resource injured as a result of the alleged discharge of hazardous substances and pollutants, as well as attorneys' fees and costs. On July 1, 2020, the Company answered and asserted crossclaims for indemnification and contribution against another defendant, Cycle Chem, Inc. Cycle Chem also asserted crossclaims against the Company. As a result of a confidential mediation, the parties negotiated a settlement amount of , of which the Company would pay , its share, and of which other non-affiliated corporations would pay the remaining , their share. The State also agreed to a separate settlement amount of with Cycle Chem for which they were responsible. The Court approved the settlement and on June 27, 2024, the Company and the other defendants paid their portion of the settlement to the State. 
 
 The Company's subsidiary, SL Industries, Inc. ("SLI"), may incur environmental costs in the future as a result of the past activities of its former subsidiary, SL Surface Technologies, Inc. ("SurfTech"), in Pennsauken, New Jersey ("Pennsauken Site") and in Camden, New Jersey and at its former subsidiary, SGL Printed Circuits in Wayne, New Jersey. At the Pennsauken Site, SLI entered into a consent decree with both the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") in 2013 and has since completed the remediation required by the consent decree and has paid the EPA a fixed sum for its past oversight costs. Separate from the consent decree, in December 2012, the NJDEP made a settlement demand of for past and future cleanup and removal costs and natural resource damages ("NRD"). To avoid the time and expense of litigating the matter, SLI offered to pay approximately to fully resolve the claim presented by the State. SLI's settlement offer was rejected. On December 6, 2018, the State filed a complaint against SLI related to the Pennsauken Site. The State is seeking treble damages and attorneys' fees, NRD for loss of use of groundwater, as well as a request that SLI pay all cleanup and 
 29 

settlement offer, which was not accepted. The parties have substantially completed the fact and expert discovery, including the exchange of competing expert reports. The Company has a reserve of , which is the amount of SLI's last settlement offer. SLI intends to assert all legal and procedural defenses available to it. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the resolution of this matter will not be material to the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 
 
 SLI reported soil contamination and groundwater contamination in 2003 from the SurfTech site located in Camden, New Jersey. Substantial investigation and remediation work has been completed under the direction of the licensed site remediation professional for the site. Additional investigations related to PFAS compounds have been initiated and have delayed remediation actions. Remediation actions, including soil excavation and groundwater bioremediation, are expected to start in the first half of 2025 pending completion of the PFAS investigations. Post-remediation groundwater monitoring will be conducted following completion of soil excavation. A reserve of has been established for anticipated costs at this site, but there can be no assurance that there will not be potential additional costs associated with the site, which cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the resolution of this matter will not be material to the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 
 
 SLI is currently participating in environmental assessment and cleanup at a commercial facility located in Wayne, New Jersey. Contaminated soil and groundwater have undergone remediation with the NJDEP and LSRP oversight, but contaminants of concern in groundwater and surface water, which extend off-site, remain above applicable NJDEP remediation standards. A reserve of approximately has been established for anticipated costs, but there can be no assurance that there will not be potential additional costs associated with the site which cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the resolution of this matter will not be material to the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of SLI, HNH or the Company. 
 
 Litigation Matters 
 
 Reith v. Lichtenstein, et al. On April 13, 2018, a purported shareholder of STCN, Donald Reith, filed a verified complaint, Reith v. Lichtenstein, et al., 2018-0277 (Del. Ch.) (the "Reith litigation") in the Delaware Court of Chancery. The plaintiff sought to assert class action and derivative claims against the Company and several of its affiliated companies, together with certain members of STCN's board of directors, as well as other named defendants (collectively, the "defendants") in connection with the acquisition of of STCN's Series C Preferred Stock by an affiliate of the Company and equity grants made to individual defendants. The complaint includes claims for breach of fiduciary duty against all the individual defendants as STCN directors; claims for aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty against the Company; a claim for breach of fiduciary duty as controlling stockholder against the Company; and a derivative claim for unjust enrichment against the Company and the individuals who received equity grants. The complaint demands damages in an unspecified amount for STCN and its stockholders, together with rescission, disgorgement and other equitable relief. On August 13, 2021, the parties entered into a memorandum of understanding (the "MOU") in connection with the settlement of the Reith litigation. Pursuant to the MOU, the defendants agreed (subject to court approval) to cause their directors' and officers' liability insurance carriers to pay to STCN in cash. The Company's insurance carrier agreed to pay of the settlement, and STCN's insurance carrier agreed to pay the remaining . Following the parties' entry into a Stipulation and Agreement of Compromise, Settlement, and Release (the "Proposed Settlement Agreement") on February 18, 2022, on March 17, 2022, the Court of Chancery granted a scheduling order (the "Scheduling Order") in connection with the Proposed Settlement Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the MOU, certain of the individual defendants who are also current and former employees of the Company Warren Lichtenstein (Executive Chairman), Jack Howard (President), and William Fejes (former Chief Operating Officer) entered into separate letter agreements (the "Surrender Agreements") with STCN whereby they each agreed to surrender to STCN an aggregate shares which they had initially received in December 2017 in consideration for services to STCN. Pursuant to the MOU and the Surrender Agreements, on August 17, 2021, Mr. Lichtenstein surrendered Steel Connect shares vested shares and unvested shares), and Mr. Howard surrendered Steel Connect shares vested shares and unvested shares). Also pursuant to the MOU and the Surrender Agreements, Mr. Fejes surrendered vested shares in December 2021. After the parties filed papers in support of court approval of the settlement and an objector filed papers in opposition to court approval of the settlement, and after hearings held on August 12 and August 18, 2022, and after the parties and insurers agreed to modify the proposed settlement to increase by the cash to be paid by the insurers, the Court of Chancery declined to approve the settlement as described in the Proposed Settlement Agreement on September 23, 2022. After the Court of Chancery rejected the settlement, it was no longer probable the Company had a liability for the proposed settlement nor a receivable for the related insurance coverage and therefore both amounts were no longer accrued. 
 
 30 

to STCN and, after deducting any Court-approved award of attorneys' fees and certain litigation expenses, STCN shall distribute the balance of the cash payment to the holders of STCN common stock pursuant to the allocation provisions set forth in the previously disclosed Stockholders Agreement dated April 30, 2023 by and among the Company, STCN, and other stockholders signatory thereto (the "Stockholders Agreement") as amended by the Second Proposed Settlement Agreement. The Second Proposed Settlement Agreement requires Court approval, and there can be no assurances that such approval will be granted. 
 
 Mohammad Ladjevardian v. Warren G. Lichtenstein, et al. On September 1, 2023, a purported stockholder of STCN, Mohammad Ladjevardian, filed a verified complaint in the Delaware Court of Chancery alleging a single direct claim for breach of fiduciary duty against members of STCN's Board of Directors, the Company, Steel Excel, Inc. ("Steel Excel"), and WebFinancial Corporation ("WebFinancial") in connection with the Exchange Transaction. The complaint alleged that although the challenged transaction was approved by the independent Strategic Planning Committee of STCN's Board of Directors, the committee failed to obtain a "control premium" or to consider the dilutive effect that the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock issuance had on the plaintiff's holdings. Remedies requested included rescission of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock and a judicially imposed requirement that all future transactions involving the Company and its affiliates be subject to minority stockholder approval. On September 27, 2023, the entity defendants moved to dismiss the complaint. On October 5, 2023, the individual defendants moved to dismiss the complaint. 
 
 On April 18, 2024, in order to avoid the cost and uncertainty of litigation, Messrs. Lichtenstein and Howard, the Company, Steel Excel and WebFinancial, without admitting any wrongdoing, entered into a Settlement Agreement and Securities Purchase Agreements (the "SPAs") with the Estate of Mohammad Ladjevardian and certain parties related to Mohammad Ladjevardian (the "Ladjevardian Parties"). Pursuant to the SPAs, (a) Steel Excel purchased an aggregate of shares of Common Stock of STCN held by the Ladjevardian Parties at a price of per share, which represented the closing market price of the shares on April 17, 2024, and (b) made an aggregate cash settlement payment of to the Ladjevardian Parties. 
 
 BNS Claims. A subsidiary of BNS Holdings Liquidating Trust ("BNS Sub") has been named as a defendant in multiple alleged asbestos-related toxic-tort claims filed over a period beginning in 1994 through September 30, 2024. In many cases these claims involved more than defendants. There remained approximately pending asbestos claims as of September 30, 2024. BNS Sub believes it has significant defenses to any liability for toxic-tort claims on the merits. None of these toxic-tort claims has gone to trial and, therefore, there can be no assurance that these defenses will prevail. BNS Sub has insurance policies covering asbestos-related claims for years beginning 1974 through 1988. BNS Sub annually receives retroactive billings or credits from its insurance carriers for any increase or decrease in claims accruals as claims are filed, settled or dismissed, or as estimates of the ultimate settlement costs for the then-existing claims are revised. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, BNS Sub has accrued and respectively, relating to the open and active claims against BNS Sub. This accrual includes the amount of unpaid retroactive billings submitted to the Company by the insurance carriers and also the Company's best estimate of the likely costs for BNS Sub to settle these claims outside the amounts funded by insurance. There can be no assurance that the number of future claims and the related costs of defense, settlements or judgments will be consistent with the experience to-date of existing claims and that BNS Sub will not need to significantly increase its estimated liability for the costs to settle these claims to an amount that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, the Company is subject to other periodic lawsuits, investigations, claims and proceedings, including, but not limited to, contractual disputes, employment, environmental, health and safety matters, as well as claims associated with our historical acquisitions and divestitures. There is insurance coverage available for many of the foregoing actions. Although the Company cannot predict with certainty the ultimate resolution of lawsuits, investigations, claims and proceedings asserted against the Company, it does not believe any currently pending legal proceeding to which it is a party will have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 31 

16. 

Payables to related parties: Accrued management fees Payables to other related parties Total 
 
 Management Agreement with SP General Services LLC 
 
 SPLP is managed by the Manager, pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement, which receives a fee at an annual rate of of total Partners' capital ("Management Fee"), payable on the first day of each quarter and subject to a quarterly adjustment. In addition, SPLP may issue to the Manager partnership profits interests in the form of incentive units, which will be classified as Class C common units of SPLP, upon exceeding a baseline equity value per common unit, which is determined as of the last day of each fiscal year (see Note 11 - "Capital and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss" for additional information on the incentive units). 
 
 The Management Agreement is automatically renewed each December 31 for successive terms unless otherwise determined at least days prior to each renewal date by a majority of the Company's independent directors. The Management Fee was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and net of reimbursement for use of Company assets of ) and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Management Fee was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and net of reimbursement for use of Company assets of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Management Fee is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. Unpaid amounts for management fees included in Other current liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheet were and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 SPLP will bear (or reimburse the Manager with respect to) all its reasonable costs and expenses of the managed entities, the Manager, SPH GP or their affiliates, including but not limited to: travel, legal, tax, accounting, auditing, consulting, administrative, compliance, investor relations costs related to being a public entity rendered for SPLP or SPH GP, as well as expenses incurred by the Manager and SPH GP which are reasonably necessary for the performance by the Manager of its duties and functions under the Management Agreement and certain other expenses incurred by managers, officers, employees and agents of the Manager or its affiliates on behalf of SPLP. Reimbursable expenses incurred by the Manager in connection with its provision of services under the Management Agreement, the substantial majority of which was for business-related air travel, were approximately and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Unpaid amounts for reimbursable expenses were approximately and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are included in Other current liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Corporate Services 
 
 The Company's subsidiary, Steel Services Ltd ("Steel Services"), through management services agreements with its subsidiaries and portfolio companies, provides services, which include assignment of C-Level management personnel, legal, tax, accounting, treasury, consulting, auditing, administrative, compliance, environmental health and safety, human resources, marketing, investor relations, operating group management and other similar services. In addition to its servicing agreements with SPLP and its consolidated subsidiaries, which are eliminated in consolidation, Steel Services has management services agreements with other companies considered to be related parties, including J. Howard Inc. and Steel Partners, Ltd. and affiliates. In total, Steel Services currently charges approximately annually to these companies, such fees are payable to Steel Services quarterly. Upon closing of the Exchange Transaction on May 1, 2023, STCN became a consolidated subsidiary of the Company as described in Note 3 - "Acquisitions and Divestitures". Service fees charged to STCN after May 1, 2023 are 
 32 

and , respectively, at WebBank. Approximately of these deposits, including interest which was not significant, have been eliminated in consolidation as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

17. 
 
 , , and , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and charged the Diversified Industrial, Energy, Financial Services and Supply Chain segments approximately , , and , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. These service fees are reflected as expenses in the segment income (loss) below, but are eliminated in consolidation. Steel Services charged the Diversified Industrial, Energy, Financial Services, and Supply Chain segments approximately , , , and , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and charged the Diversified Industrial, Energy, Financial Services, and Supply Chain segments approximately , , , and , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These service fees are reflected as expenses in the segment income (loss) below, but are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 33 

Energy Financial Services Supply Chain Total revenue Income (loss) before interest expense and income taxes: Diversified Industrial Energy 
 Financial Services ) Supply Chain Corporate and Other ) ) Income before interest expense and income taxes Interest expense 
 Income tax provision (benefit) ) ) ) Net income Loss of associated companies, net of taxes: Corporate and Other Total Segment depreciation and amortization: Diversified Industrial Energy Financial Services Supply Chain Corporate and Other Total depreciation and amortization 

18. 
 
 and a capital conservation buffer of of risk-weighted assets, which, as fully phased-in, effectively results in a minimum CET1 Ratio of . Basel III raised the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from to (which, with the capital conservation buffer, effectively results in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of as fully phased-in) and effectively results in a minimum total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of (with the capital conservation buffer fully phased-in), and requires a minimum leverage ratio of . Basel III also made changes to risk weights for certain assets and off-balance sheet exposures. 
 
 34 

Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) n/a n/a As of December 31, 2023 
 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) n/a n/a 
 
 The Federal Reserve, Office of the Comptroller of Currency and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation issued an interim final rule that excludes loans pledged as collateral to the Federal Reserve's PPP Lending Facility from supplementary leverage ratio exposure and average total consolidated assets. Additionally, PPP loans will receive a zero percent risk weight under the risk-based capital rules of the federal banking agencies. 

19. 
 
 Taxes 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this "Form 10-Q"), unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "we," "our," "SPLP" and the "Company" refer to Steel Partners Holdings L.P. 
 
 The following discussion is intended to assist you in understanding our present business and the results of operations, together with our present financial condition. This section should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes contained in this Form 10-Q, along with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the "2023 Annual Report"). All monetary amounts used in this discussion are in thousands. 
 
 35 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Form 10-Q includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), including, in particular, forward-looking statements under the headings "Item 1 - Financial Statements" and "Item 2 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." These statements appear in a number of places in this report and include statements regarding the Company's intent, belief or current expectations with respect to, among other things, (i) its financing plans, (ii) trends affecting its financial condition or results of operations, (iii) the impact of legal claims and related contingencies, (iv) expectations and estimates regarding certain tax and accounting matters, including the impact on our financial statements, (v) WebBank, including its debt securities, credit risk and minimum capital requirements, (vi) cash flows from operations for the next twelve months, (vii) full-year capital expenditures, and (viii) the impact of competition. The words "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "estimate" and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements; however, this report also contains other forward-looking statements in addition to historical information. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are only predictions based upon the Company's current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the statements. Factors that could cause actual results or conditions to differ from those anticipated by these and other forward-looking statements include: disruptions to the Company's business as a result of economic downturns; the negative impact of inflation and supply chain disruptions; the significant volatility of crude oil and commodity prices, including from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war or the disruptions caused by the ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas; the effects of rising interest rates; the Company's subsidiaries' sponsor defined pension plans, which could subject the Company to future cash flow requirements; the ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, including environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, banking regulations and other extensive requirements to which the Company and its businesses are subject; risks associated with the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, WebBank, as a result of its Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") status, highly-regulated lending programs, and capital requirements; the ability to meet obligations under the Company's senior credit facility through future cash flows or financings; the risk of recent events affecting the financial services industry, including the closures or other failures of several large banks; the risk of management diversion, increased costs and expenses, and impact on profitability in connection with the Company's business strategy to make acquisitions, including in connection with the Company's recent majority investment in the Supply Chain segment; the impact of losses in the Company's investment portfolio; the Company's ability to protect its intellectual property rights and obtain or retain licenses to use others' intellectual property on which the Company relies; the Company's exposure to risks inherent to conducting business outside of the U.S.; the impact of any changes in U.S. trade policies; the adverse impact of litigation or compliance failures on the Company's profitability; a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, the Company's technology systems or protection of personal data; the loss of any significant customer contracts; the Company's ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; the rights of unitholders with respect to voting and maintaining actions against the Company or its affiliates; potential conflicts of interest arising from certain interlocking relationships amount us and affiliates of the Company's Executive Chairman; the Company's dependence on the Manager and impact of the management fee on the Company's total partners capital; the impact to the development of an active market for the Company's units due to transfer restrictions and other factors; the Company's tax treatment and its subsidiaries ability to fully utilize their tax benefits; the potential negative impact on our operations of changes in tax rates, laws or regulations, including U.S. government tax reform; the loss of essential employees; and other factors described in the "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of the Form 10-K that could affect the Company's results. Any forward-looking statement made in this Form 10-Q speaks only as of the date hereof, and investors should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Except as otherwise required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 SPLP, together with its subsidiaries, is a diversified global holding company that owns and operates businesses and has significant interests in various companies, including diversified industrial products, energy, defense, supply chain management and logistics, banking and youth sports. SPLP operates through the following segments: Diversified Industrial, Energy, Financial Services and Supply Chain. Each of our companies has its own management team with significant experience in their respective industries. 
 
 The Diversified Industrial segment is comprised of manufacturers of engineered niche industrial products, with leading market positions in many of the markets they serve. The businesses in this segment distribute products to customers through their sales personnel, outside sales representatives and distributors in North and South America, Europe, Australia, Asia and several 
 36 

other international markets. Its manufacturing operations encompass joining materials, tubing, building materials, performance materials, electrical products, cutting replacement products and services, and metallized films. 
 
 The Energy segment provides drilling and production services to the oil gas industry and owns a youth sports business. The operations of the sports business are not material to the Company. The profitability of the energy business is highly sensitive to changes in the price of crude oil. Any future decline in oil prices will negatively impact this business. 
 
 The Financial Services segment consists primarily of the operations of WebBank, of which we own 100 through our subsidiary WebFinancial Holding Corporation. WebBank is an FDIC-insured state chartered industrial bank headquartered in Utah. WebBank is subject to comprehensive regulation, examination and supervision of the FDIC and the State of Utah Department of Financial Institutions ("UDFI"). WebBank is not considered a "bank" for Bank Holding Company Act purposes and, as such, SPLP is not regulated as a bank holding company. WebBank engages in a full range of banking activities, including originating loans, issuing credit cards and taking deposits that are federally insured. WebBank originates and funds consumer and small business loans through lending programs with unaffiliated companies that market and service the programs ("Marketing Partners"), where the Marketing Partners subsequently purchase the loans (or interests in the loans) that are originated by WebBank. WebBank retains a portion of the loans it originates for its Marketing Partners. WebBank also has private-label financing programs that are branded for a specific retailer, manufacturer, dealer channel, proprietary network or bank card program. WebBank participates in syndicated commercial and industrial as well as asset-based credit facilities and asset-based securitizations through relationships with other financial institutions. Through its subsidiary, National Partners PFco, LLC ("National Partners"), WebBank provides commercial premium finance solutions for national insurance brokerages, independent insurance agencies and insureds in key markets throughout the U.S. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, WebBank did not issue new loans under the Small Business Administration's ("SBA") Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP"), authorized under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security ("CARES") Act. The existing loans were funded by the PPP Liquidity Facility and have terms of between two and five years with repayment guaranteed by the SBA. Payments by borrowers up to sixteen months after the note date, and interest will continue to accrue during the sixteen-month deferment at 1 . Loans can be forgiven in whole or in part (up to full principal and any accrued interest) if certain criteria are met. Loan processing fees paid to WebBank from the SBA are accounted for as loan origination fees. Net deferred fees are recognized over the life of the loan as yield adjustments on the loans. If a loan is paid off or forgiven by the SBA prior to its maturity date, the remaining unamortized deferred fees will be recognized in interest income at that time. As of September 30, 2024, the total PPP loans and associated liabilities are 5,466 and 4,437, respectively, and included in Long-term loans receivable, net and Other borrowings, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. Upon borrower forgiveness, the SBA pays WebBank for the principal and accrued interest owed on the loan. 
 
 The Supply Chain segment consists primarily of the operations of Steel Connect, Inc.'s ("Steel Connect" or "STCN") wholly-owned subsidiary, ModusLink Corporation ("ModusLink" or "Supply Chain"), which serves the supply chain management market. ModusLink provides digital and physical supply chain solutions to many of the world's leading brands across a diverse range of industries, including consumer electronics, telecommunications, computing and storage, software and content, consumer packaged goods, health and personal care products, retail and luxury and connected devices. These solutions are delivered through a combination of industry expertise, innovative service solutions, and integrated operations, proven business processes, an expansive global footprint and world-class technology. With a global footprint spanning North America, Europe and the Asia Pacific region, ModusLink's solutions and services are designed to improve end-to-end supply chains in order to drive growth, lower costs, and improve profitability. 
 
 Corporate and Other consists of several consolidated subsidiaries, including our subsidiary, Steel Services Ltd ("Steel Services"), equity method and other investments, and cash and cash equivalents. Its income or loss includes certain unallocated general corporate expenses. Steel Services has management services agreements with our consolidated subsidiaries and other related companies. Steel Services provides assignment of C-Level management personnel, legal, tax, accounting, treasury, consulting, auditing, administrative, compliance, environmental health and safety, human resources, marketing, investor relations, operating group management and other similar services. For additional information on these service agreements, see Note 16 - "Related Party Transactions" to the SPLP consolidated financial statements found elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Significant Developments 
 
 Common Unit Repurchase Program 
 
 37 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 13,813 common units for an aggregate purchase price of 547 under the Repurchase Program. From the inception of the Repurchase Program the Company has purchased 8,799,777 common units for an aggregate price of approximately 206,078. As of September 30, 2024, there remained 720,463 common units that may yet be purchased under the Repurchase Program. 
 
 On September 1, 2024, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with Hale Partnership Fund, L.P. and related parties (the "Hale Entities") pursuant to which the Company purchased an aggregate of 1,267,803 Common Units from the Hale Entities for an aggregate purchase price of 63,390. This agreement was approved by the Company s Board of Directors outside of the Repurchase Program. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 520,423 492,254 1,529,928 1,438,550 Cost of goods sold 295,577 283,285 872,929 833,977 Selling, general and administrative expenses 137,310 124,934 412,301 376,252 Asset impairment charge 530 530 329 Interest expense 1,993 4,115 5,074 15,934 Realized and unrealized losses (gains) on securities, net 2,060 (8,665) (2,994) (6,151) All other expense, net 29,856 58,539 77,367 96,667 Total costs and expenses 467,326 462,208 1,365,207 1,317,008 Income from operations before income taxes and equity method investments 53,097 30,046 164,721 121,542 Income tax provision (benefit) 16,224 (981) (31,906) (1,707) Loss of associated companies, net of taxes 3,140 7 11,944 Net income 36,873 27,887 196,620 111,305 Includes Finance interest expense, Provision for credit losses, and Other expense (income), net from the Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Revenue 
 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 28,169, or 5.7 , as compared to the same period last year. This increase was due to 19,544 or 6.5 , higher net sales from the Diversified Industrial segment, 8,479, or 21.2 higher revenue from the Supply Chain segment, and 6,622, or 6.2 higher revenue from the Financial Services segment. These increases were partially offset by 6,476 or 13.9 , lower net revenue from the Energy segment. 
 
 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 91,378, or 6.4 , as compared to the same period last year, as a result of higher revenue of 34,005 or 11.2 from the Financial Services segment and higher net sales of 27,006, or 2.9 from the Diversified Industrial segments, as well as higher revenue of 66,405 or 94.6 from the Supply Chain segment, primarily driven by favorable impact of the consolidation, partially offset by lower net revenue of 36,038, or 24.8 from the Energy segment. 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 
 Cost of goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 12,292, or 4.3 , as compared to the same period last year, resulting from higher net sales from the Diversified Industrial segment and higher revenue from the Supply Chain segment, partially offset by the impact of lower net revenue from the Energy segment. 
 
 Cost of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 38,952, or 4.7 , as compared to the same period last year, resulting from consolidation of the Supply Chain segment and higher net sales from the Diversified Industrial segment, partially offset by the impact of lower net revenue from the Energy segment. 
 
 38 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses ("SG A") for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 12,376, or 9.9 , as compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to higher expenses from the Financial Services segment of 7,600 and Supply Chain segment of 4,900. The increase for the Financial Services segment was primarily due to higher credit performance fees due to higher credit risk transfer ("CRT") balances and higher personnel expenses related to incremental headcount. The increase for the Supply Chain segment was primarily due to an increase in merger and acquisition related expenses compared to the prior period. 
 
 SG A for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 36,049, or 9.6 , as compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily driven by higher SG A expenses from the Financial Services segment of 22,600 as discussed above and Supply Chain segment of 16,400, primarily due to the consolidation impact. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense decreased 2,122, or 51.6 and 10,860 or 68.2 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the same period last year. The decrease for the three and nine month periods was primarily due to significantly lower average debt outstanding. 
 
 Realized and Unrealized Losses (Gains) on Securities, Net 
 
 The Company recorded losses of 2,060 and gains of 2,994 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to gains of 8,665 and 6,151 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. These gains and losses were due to unrealized gains and losses related to the mark-to-market adjustments on the Company's portfolio of securities. 
 
 All Other Expense, Net 
 
 All other expense, net totaled 29,856 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 58,539 in the same period of 2023 and 77,367 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 96,667 in the same period of 2023. Lower all other expense, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to 29,884 lower provisions for credit losses related to the Financial Services segment, as compared to the same period of 2023. Lower all other expense, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to 37,820 lower provisions for credit losses, partially offset by 15,203 higher finance interest expense related to the Financial Services segment, as compared to the same period of 2023. 
 
 Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 
 
 The Company recorded an income tax provision of 16,224 and an income tax benefit of 981 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and income tax benefits of 31,906 and 1,707 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As a limited partnership, the Company is generally not directly subject to federal and state income taxes, and instead its profits and losses are passed directly to its limited partners for inclusion in their respective income tax returns. Provisions have been made for federal, state, local, and foreign income taxes on the results of operations generated by our consolidated subsidiaries that are taxable entities. The Company's effective tax rate was (19.4 and (1.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The lower effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, is primarily due to a non-cash income tax benefit of 73,536 for the reduction in the valuation allowance against Steel Connect's deferred tax assets. Significant differences between the statutory rate and the effective tax rate include the effect of the release of valuation allowances with respect to deferred tax assets, partnership losses for which no tax benefit is recognized, tax expense related to unrealized gains and losses on investment, the effect of tax credits and incentives, and other permanent differences. 
 
 Loss of Associated Companies, Net of Taxes 
 
 The Company recorded a loss from associated companies, net of taxes, of 7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to losses from associated companies, net of taxes, of 3,140 and 11,944 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 For the details of each of these investments and the related mark-to-market adjustments, see Note 7 - "Investments" to the Company's consolidated financial statements found elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 
 39 

Segment Analysis 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Diversified Industrial 318,642 299,098 945,576 918,570 Energy 40,266 46,742 109,182 145,220 Financial Services 113,027 106,405 338,575 304,570 Supply Chain 48,488 40,009 136,595 70,190 Total revenue 
 520,423 492,254 1,529,928 1,438,550 Income (loss) from operations before interest expense and income taxes: Diversified Industrial 26,346 14,756 66,175 61,015 Energy 3,466 5,968 8,149 15,239 Financial Services 23,945 (2,588) 80,846 48,246 Supply Chain 2,637 4,011 8,870 5,846 Corporate and other (1,304) 8,874 5,748 (4,814) Income from operations before interest expense and income taxes 55,090 31,021 169,788 125,532 Interest expense 1,993 4,115 5,074 15,934 Income tax provision (benefit) 16,224 (981) (31,906) (1,707) Net income 36,873 27,887 196,620 111,305 Loss of associated companies, net of taxes: Corporate and other 3,140 7 11,944 Total 3,140 7 11,944 Segment depreciation and amortization: Diversified Industrial 10,604 10,257 31,743 30,333 Energy 2,161 2,740 6,482 7,732 Financial Services 233 205 620 630 Supply Chain 1,450 1,324 4,145 2,234 Corporate and other 548 167 849 504 Total depreciation and amortization 14,996 14,693 43,839 41,433 

Diversified Industrial 
 
 Net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 19,544, or 6.5 , as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily driven by higher sales for the Joining Materials business unit, Electrical Products business unit, and Building Materials business unit. The increase of 9,100 for the Joining Materials business unit was primarily driven by higher precious metal prices and sales volume. The increase of 5,200 for the Electrical Products business unit was primarily driven by strong demand from both industrial and aerospace defense sectors. The increase of 4,000 for the Building Materials business unit was primarily driven by higher sales volume from its roofing products, partially offset by lower sales volume from its FastenMaster products. 
 
 Net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 27,006, or 2.9 , as compared to the same period of 2023, primarily driven by higher sales for the Building Materials business unit, Joining Materials business unit, and Electrical Products business unit. The increase of 12,500 for the Building Materials business unit was primarily driven by higher sales volume from its roofing products. The increase of 11,100 for the Joining Materials business unit was primarily driven by higher precious metal prices. The increase of 8,400 for the Electrical Products business unit was primarily driven by strong demand from both industrial and aerospace defense sectors. 
 
 Segment operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 11,590, as compared to the same period of 2023. Higher operating income for the 2024 period was primarily driven by higher sales volume as discussed above and improved profit margin from the Electrical Products business unit. 
 
 Segment operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 5,160, as compared to the same period of 2023. Higher operating income for the 2024 period was primarily driven by higher net sales as mentioned above and improved profit margin from both the Building Materials business unit and Electrical Products business unit. 
 
 40 

Energy 
 
 Net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 6,476, or 13.9 , as compared to the same period of 2023. The decrease in net revenue was primarily due to lower rig hours. 
 
 Net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 36,038, or 24.8 , as compared to the same period of 2023. The decrease in net revenue was primarily due to lower rig hours. 
 
 Segment operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 2,502, as compared to the same period of 2023 primarily driven by lower net revenue mentioned above during the 2024 period. 
 
 Segment operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 7,090, as compared to the same period of 2023 primarily driven by lower net revenue mentioned above during the 2024 period. 

Financial Services 
 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 6,622, or 6.2 , as compared to the same period of 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in interest income and fees from higher credit risk transfer, held for sale volume, and higher interest from held to maturity investments, as compared to the same period of 2023. 
 
 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 34,005, or 11.2 , as compared to the same period of 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in interest income and fees from higher asset based lending, credit risk transfer, held for sale volume, and higher interest rates, as compared to the same period of 2023. 
 
 Segment operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 23,945, as compared to an operating loss of 2,588 for the same period of 2023. Strong operating results was due primarily to higher revenue mentioned above and lower provisions for credit losses of 29,884, partially offset by higher SG A expenses of 7,600 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period last year. The lower provision for loan losses was driven by lower retentions of held to maturity loans and increased reserves in 2023 primarily resulting from the deterioration in value of the collateral supporting one of WebBank s asset-based lending loans. The higher SG A expenses was driven by higher credit performance fees due to higher CRT balances as well as higher personnel expense related an increase in employees. 
 
 Segment operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 32,600, or 67.6 , as compared to the same period of 2023. The increase was due primarily to higher revenue mentioned above and lower provisions for credit losses of 37,820, partially offset by higher SG A expenses of 22,600 and finance interest expense of 15,203 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period last year. The lower provision for loan losses was driven by lower retentions of held to maturity loans and increased reserves in 2023 primarily resulting from the deterioration in value of the collateral supporting one of WebBank s asset-based lending loans. The lower provision for credit losses was driven by lower retentions of held for sale loans. The higher SG A expenses was driven by higher credit performance fees due to higher CRT balances as well as higher personnel expense related an increase in employees. The higher finance interest expense was due primarily to an increase in higher interest rates. 

Supply Chain 
 
 The Company added the Supply Chain segment on May 1, 2023 with revenue of 48,488 and 136,595 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to 40,009 and 70,190 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 8,479, or 21.2 for the three month period in 2024 was primarily due to higher sales volume, as compared to the same period of 2023. 
 
 Operating income was 2,637 and 8,870 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to 4,011 and 5,846 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Lower operating income for the three month period in 2024 was primarily due to higher SG A costs, partially offset by favorable impact of higher sales volume, as compared to the same period of 2023. 
 
 41 

Corporate and Other 
 
 Operating loss was and operating income was for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to operating income of and operating loss of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The fluctuations were primarily due to changes in investment results from long-term investments. 

DISCUSSION OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the Company's consolidated cash flows from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 368,173 11,675 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 2,312 (168,692) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (560,437) 486,419 Net change for the period (189,952) 329,402 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company generated 368,173 of cash from operating activities, which was primarily due to a net decrease in loans held for sale of 215,665 and net income of 196,620, partially offset by a deferred income tax benefit of 65,224. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company generated 11,675 of cash, which was primarily due to operating income of 111,305 and adjustments to operating income, including a provision for credit losses of 47,979 and depreciation and amortization of 41,433, partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 185,870 . 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company generated 2,312 of cash from investing activities, which was primarily due to loan originations, net of collections, of 76,790, proceeds from maturities of investments of 16,832 and proceeds from sales of investments of 13,788, partially offset by capital expenditures of 55,712 and purchases of investments of 50,706. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company used 168,692 of cash, which was primarily due to loan originations, net of collections, of 242,667, and partially offset by an increase in cash on consolidation of Steel Connect as of the Exchange Transaction closing date. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company used 560,437 of cash from financing activities, which was primarily due to a decrease in deposits of 347,430, common unit repurchases of 105,070, net revolver repayments of 71,149, the purchase of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interests of 16,181, and a net decrease in other borrowings of 10,528. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company generated 486,419 of cash, which was primarily due to an increase in deposits of 531,006, partially offset by repayments of PPP borrowings of 21,277 and share repurchases of 19,727. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 SPLP (excluding its operating subsidiaries, the "Holding Company") is a diversified global holding company with assets that principally consist of the stock of its direct subsidiaries, equity method and other investments, and cash and cash equivalents. The Company works with its businesses to enhance their liquidity and operations and increase long-term value for its unitholders and stakeholders through working capital improvements, capital allocation policies, and operational and growth initiatives. Management plans to use the following strategies to continue to enhance liquidity: (1) continuing to implement improvements using the Steel Business System throughout all the Company's operations to increase sales and operating efficiencies; (2) supporting profitable sales growth both internally and potentially through acquisitions; and (3) evaluating from time to time and as appropriate, strategic alternatives with respect to its businesses and/or assets. The Company continues to examine all of its options and strategies, including acquisitions, divestitures and other corporate transactions, to increase cash flow and stakeholder value. 
 
 42 

The Company's senior credit facility, as amended and restated, (the "Credit Agreement") consists of a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 600,000 (the "Revolving Credit Loans"), which includes a 50,000 subfacility for swing line loans, a 50,000 subfacility for standby letters of credit and a currency sublimit (available in euros and pounds sterling) equal to the lesser of 75,000 and the total amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment. The Credit Agreement covers substantially all of the Company's subsidiaries, with the exception of WebBank and Steel Connect. Availability under the Credit Agreement is based upon earnings and certain covenants, including a maximum ratio limit on Total Leverage and a minimum ratio limit on Interest Coverage, each as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement is subject to certain mandatory prepayment provisions and restrictive and financial covenants , primarily the leverage ratios described above. The Company was in compliance with all financial and nonfinancial covenants as of September 30, 2024. The Company believes it will remain in compliance with the Credit Agreement's covenants for the next twelve months. If the Company does not meet its financial covenants, and if it is unable to secure necessary waivers or other amendments from its lenders on terms acceptable to management, its ability to access available lines of credit could be limited, its debt obligations could be accelerated and liquidity could be adversely affected. The Credit Agreement will expire on December 29, 2026, and all outstanding amounts will be due and payable. 
 
 The Holding Company and its operating subsidiaries believe that they have access to adequate resources to meet their needs for normal operating costs, capital expenditures, pension payments, debt obligations and working capital for their existing business, as well as to fund its taxes, legal and environmental matters, for at least the next twelve months. These resources include cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash provided by operating activities and unused lines of credit. The Holding Company and its operating businesses' ability to satisfy their debt service obligations, to fund planned capital expenditures and required pension payments, and to make acquisitions or repurchase units under its common unit repurchase program will depend upon their future operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions in the markets in which they operate, as well as financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond their control. As indicated above, there can be no assurances that the Holding Company and its operating businesses will continue to have access to their lines of credit if their financial performance does not satisfy the financial covenants set forth in their respective financing agreements, which could also result in the acceleration of their debt obligations by their respective lenders, adversely affecting liquidity. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's working capital was 497,364, as compared to working capital of 562,224 as of December 31, 2023. The Company's total availability under the Credit Agreement was approximately 470,000 as of September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, capital expenditures were 55,712, as compared to 36,667 for the same period of 2023. The Company currently expects full-year capital expenditures in the range of 66,000 to 70,000 in 2024, as compared to 51,451 in 2023. The Company and its subsidiaries have ongoing commitments, which include funding of the minimum requirements of its subsidiaries' pension plans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company contributed 7,226 to its pension plans. The Company currently estimates it will contribute 2,983 to its pension plans during the remainder of 2024. Required future pension contributions are estimated based upon assumptions such as discount rates on future obligations, assumed rates of return on plan assets and legislative changes. Actual future pension costs and required funding obligations will be affected by changes in the factors and assumptions described in the previous sentence, including the impact of declines in pension plan assets and interest rates, as well as other changes such as any plan termination or other acceleration events. 
 
 WebBank manages its liquidity to provide adequate funds to meet anticipated financial obligations, such as certificate of deposit maturities and to fund customer credit needs. WebBank had 127,111 and 170,286 in cash and cash equivalents, time deposits placed at other institutions and federal funds sold as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. WebBank had 115,000 and 50,000 in lines of credit from its correspondent banks as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. WebBank had 219,301 and 325,175 available from the Federal Reserve discount window as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Therefore, WebBank had a total of 461,412 and 545,461 in cash, lines of credit and access to the Federal Reserve Bank discount window as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which represents approximately 21.3 and 21.8 , respectively, of WebBank's total assets, excluding PPP loans. 
 
 Steel Connect's wholly-owned subsidiary, ModusLink, has a revolving credit agreement (the "Umpqua Revolver") with Umpqua Bank which provides for a maximum credit commitment of 12,500 and a sub-limit of 5,000 for letters of credit and expires on March 31, 2026. As of September 30, 2024, ModusLink was in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver's covenants, and believes it will remain in compliance with the Umpqua Revolver s covenants for the next twelve months. As of September 30, 2024, ModusLink had available borrowing capacity of 11,890 and there was 610 outstanding for letters of credit. 
 
 On May 1, 2024, ModusLink entered into a Second Amendment to Credit Agreement (the "Second Amendment"), amending the Umpqua Revolver. Among other things, the Second Amendment extended the maturity date with respect to 
 43 

revolving loans from March 31, 2025 to March 31, 2026, removed certain adjustments in the definition of "Adjusted EBITDA" as set forth in the Umpqua Revolver, increased the minimum Adjusted Tangible Net Worth and removed certain caps and conditions on ModusLink's ability to pay dividends. 
 
 OTHER 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The Company's consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements. The critical accounting policies and estimates that we believe are most critical to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations are reported in the "Critical Accounting Policies" section of Part II. Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Electrical Products reporting unit, which is included within the Diversified Industrial segment, had goodwill of 46,882 and 46,682, respectively. As of December 1, 2023 the Electrical Products reporting unit's fair value exceeded its net book value by 11 . As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not identify indicators of impairment for the Electrical Products reporting unit. The fair value of the Electrical Products reporting unit can be significantly impacted by the reporting unit's performance, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, decreased customer demand for Electrical Products' services, management's ability to execute its business strategies, and general market conditions, such as economic downturns, and changes in interest rates, including discount rates. Future cash flow estimates are, by their nature, subjective, and actual results may differ materially from the Company's estimates. Based on our assessment of these circumstances, we have determined that goodwill at our Electrical Products reporting unit is at risk for future impairment if the Company's ongoing cash flow projections are not met or if market factors utilized in the impairment test deteriorate, including an unfavorable change in the terminal growth rate or the weighted-average cost of capital, the Company may have to record impairment charges in future periods. 
 
 The Company completed the annual impairment test of Steel Connect's goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of June 1, 2024. There were no goodwill impairment charges recorded as a result of this assessment. 
 
 There were no material changes to the critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to those disclosed in the Company's 2023 Annual Report. In preparing the financial statements, the Company is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Consistent with the rules applicable to "Smaller Reporting Companies" we have omitted information required by this Item. 

Item 4 . Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as such terms are defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Based on that evaluation, the Company's management, including the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer, concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 . 
 
 44 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Th ere have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are parties to a variety of legal actions arising out of the normal course of business and otherwise. For further information regarding our legal proceedings, see the description of legal and environmental matters set forth in Note 15 - "Commitments and Contingencies" to the SPLP consolidated financial statements included in Part I of this Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors as disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Investors are encouraged to review such risk factors in such Form 10-K prior to making an investment in the Company. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 (a) Not applicable 
 
 (b) Not applicable 
 
 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The Board of SPH GP, has approved the repurchase of up to an aggregate of 9,520,240 of the Company's common units ("Repurchase Program"), which is inclusive of 750,000 common units approved in March 2024. The Repurchase Program was announced on December 7, 2016 and supersedes and cancels, to the extent any amounts remain available, all previously approved repurchase programs, as discussed in further detail in Note 11 - "Capital and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss." Any purchases made under the Repurchase Program will be made from time to time on the open market or in negotiated transactions off the market, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchase will depend on economic and market conditions, share price, trading volume, applicable legal requirements and other factors. In connection with the Repurchase Program, the Company may enter into a stock purchase plan. The Repurchase Program has no termination date. In the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased, under the Repurchase Program, 13,813 common units for 547. Since inception of the Repurchase Program the Company has purchased 8,799,777 common units for an aggregate price of approximately 206,078. As of September 30, 2024, there were approximately 720,463 common units that may yet be purchased under the Repurchase Program. 
 
 On September 1, 2024, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with Hale Partnership Fund, L.P. and related parties (the "Hale Entities") pursuant to which the Company purchased an aggregate of 1,267,803 Common Units from the Hale Entities for an aggregate purchase price of 63,390. This agreement was approved by the Company s Board of Directors outside of the Repurchase Program. 
 
 The following table provides information about our repurchases of common units during the three months ended September 30, 2024. During that period, we did not act in concert with any affiliate or any other person to acquire any of our common stock and, accordingly, we do not believe that purchases by any such affiliate or other person (if any) are reportable in the following table. 
 
 45 

Period Total Number of Units Purchased Average Price Paid per Unit Total Number of Units Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Number of Units that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 734,276 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 734,276 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 1,281,616 49.89 13,813 720,463 Total 1,281,616 13,813 
 46 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Insider trading arrangements and policies 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 31.1 + 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 + 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (furnished herewith). 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (furnished herewith). 
 101.INS + 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH + 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL + 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF + 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB + 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE + 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104 + 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101). 
 
 + Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Dated: November 8, 2024 STEEL PARTNERS HOLDINGS L.P. By: Steel Partners Holdings GP Inc., Its General Partner By: /s/ Ryan O'Herrin Ryan O'Herrin Chief Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311splp0930202410q.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Warren G. Lichtenstein, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Steel Partners Holdings L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Warren G. Lichtenstein Warren G. Lichtenstein Executive Chairman of Steel Partners Holdings GP Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312splp0930202410q.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Ryan O'Herrin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Steel Partners Holdings L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Ryan O'Herrin Ryan O'Herrin Chief Financial Officer of Steel Partners Holdings GP Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321splp0930202410q.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Steel Partners Holdings L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Warren G. Lichtenstein, Executive Chairman of Steel Partners Holdings GP Inc., the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Warren G. Lichtenstein Warren G. Lichtenstein Executive Chairman of Steel Partners Holdings GP Inc. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex322splp0930202410q.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Steel Partners Holdings L.P. (the Partnership on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ryan O'Herrin, Chief Financial Officer of Steel Partners Holdings GP Inc., the general partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Ryan O'Herrin Ryan O'Herrin Chief Financial Officer of Steel Partners Holdings GP Inc. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 splp-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 splp-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 splp-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 splp-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 splp-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

