<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_1517302_0001517302-24-000073.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9270939</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>140275</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1356224</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3836305</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1962966</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1790720</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001517302-24-000073.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101170239
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001517302-24-000073
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001517302
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				450969585
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35826
		FILM NUMBER:		241419892

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		875 E. WISCONSIN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		414-390-6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		875 E. WISCONSIN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001517302-24-000073.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 apam-20240930.htm
 10-Q

apam-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, par value per share, Class B common stock, par value per share, and Class C common stock, par value per share, as of October 30, 2024 were , and , respectively. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Part I Item 1. Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 48 
 Part II Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 49 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 49 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 49 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 49 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 49 
 Signatures 
 51 
 
 Except where the context requires otherwise, in this report, references to the Company , Artisan , we , us or our refer to Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. APAM and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Artisan Partners Holdings LP Artisan Partners Holdings or Holdings ). On March 12, 2013, APAM closed its initial public offering and related corporate reorganization. Prior to that date, APAM was a subsidiary of Artisan Partners Holdings. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains, and from time to time our management may make, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements regarding future events and our future performance, as well as management s current expectations, beliefs, plans, estimates or projections relating to the future, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of these laws. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may , might , will , should , expects , intends , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue , the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are only predictions based on current expectations of our management and information available to us at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and there are important factors that could cause actual results, level of activity, performance, actions or achievements to differ materially from the results, level of activity, performance, actions or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These factors include: the loss of key investment professionals or senior management, adverse market or economic conditions, poor performance of our investment strategies, significant changes in client cash inflows or outflows or declines in market value of the assets in the accounts we manage, change in the legislative and regulatory environment in which we operate, our ability to maintain our current fee rates, operational or technical errors or other damage to our reputation and other factors disclosed in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those factors listed under the caption entitled Risk Factors in Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024, as such factors may be updated from time to time. Our periodic and current reports are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this report, except as required by law. 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our anticipated future results of operations; 
 our potential operating performance and efficiency, including our ability to operate under different and unique circumstances; 
 our expectations with respect to future business initiatives, including the development of new investment teams, strategies and vehicles; 
 our expectations with respect to the performance of our investment strategies; 
 our expectations with respect to future levels of assets under management, including the capacity of our strategies and client cash inflows and outflows; 
 our expectations with respect to industry trends and how those trends may impact our business; 
 our financing plans, cash needs and liquidity position; 
 our intention to pay dividends and our expectations about the amount of those dividends; 
 our expected levels of compensation of our employees, including equity- and cash-based long-term incentive compensation; 
 our expectations with respect to future expenses and the level of future expenses; 
 our expected tax rate, and our expectations with respect to deferred tax assets; and 
 our estimates of future amounts payable pursuant to our tax receivable agreements. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

Part I Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

ARTISAN PARTNERS ASSET MANAGEMENT INC. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 (U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Investment securities Property and equipment, net Deferred tax assets Prepaid expenses and other assets Operating lease assets Assets of consolidated investment products Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable and other Investment assets, at fair value Total assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS, AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other Accrued incentive compensation Borrowings Operating lease liabilities Amounts payable under tax receivable agreements Liabilities of consolidated investment products Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other Investment liabilities, at fair value Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Common stock Class A common stock par value per share, shares authorized, and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Class B common stock par value per share, shares authorized, and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Class C common stock par value per share, shares authorized, and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests - Artisan Partners Holdings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests, and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

ARTISAN PARTNERS ASSET MANAGEMENT INC. 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Management fees Performance fees Total revenues Operating Expenses Compensation and benefits Distribution, servicing and marketing Occupancy Communication and technology General and administrative Total operating expenses Total operating income Non-operating income (expense) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income on cash and cash equivalents and other Net gain (loss) on the tax receivable agreements ) ) Net investment gain (loss) of consolidated investment products Net investment gain (loss) of nonconsolidated investment products ) Total non-operating income (expense) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income before noncontrolling interests Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests - Artisan Partners Holdings Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests - consolidated investment products Net income attributable to Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding Dividends declared per Class A common share 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

ARTISAN PARTNERS ASSET MANAGEMENT INC. 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (U.S. dollars in thousands) For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income before noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income (loss) Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests - Artisan Partners Holdings 
 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests - consolidated investment products 
 Comprehensive income attributable to Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 ARTISAN PARTNERS ASSET MANAGEMENT INC. 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (U.S. dollars in thousands) Three months ended September 30, 2024 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Class C Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests - Artisan Partners Holdings Total Stockholders Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Balance at July 1, 2024 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive income - foreign currency translation Cumulative impact of changes in ownership of Artisan Partners Holdings LP ) ) Amortization of equity-based compensation Deferred tax assets, net of amounts payable under tax receivable agreements Issuance of restricted stock awards ) Exchange of subsidiary equity ) Capital contributions, net Distributions ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Class C Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests - Artisan Partners Holdings Total Stockholders Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Balance at July 1, 2023 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive income - foreign currency translation ) ) ) Cumulative impact of changes in ownership of Artisan Partners Holdings LP ) ) Amortization of equity-based compensation Deferred tax assets, net of amounts payable under tax receivable agreements Issuance of Class A common stock, net of issuance costs ) ) Capital contributions, net Impact of deconsolidation of CIPs ) Distributions ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Class C Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests - Artisan Partners Holdings Total Stockholders Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Balance at January 1, 2024 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive income - foreign currency translation Cumulative impact of changes in ownership of Artisan Partners Holdings LP ) ) Amortization of equity-based compensation Deferred tax assets, net of amounts payable under tax receivable agreements Issuance of restricted stock awards ) Employee net share settlement ) ) ) ) Exchange of subsidiary equity ) ) Capital contributions, net Impact of deconsolidation of CIPs ) Distributions ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Class C Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests - Artisan Partners Holdings Total Stockholders Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Balance at January 1, 2023 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive income - foreign currency translation ) Cumulative impact of changes in ownership of Artisan Partners Holdings LP ) ) Amortization of equity-based compensation Deferred tax assets, net of amounts payable under tax receivable agreements Issuance of Class A common stock, net of issuance costs ) ) Issuance of restricted stock awards ) Employee net share settlement ) ) ) ) Exchange of subsidiary equity ) Capital contributions, net Impact of deconsolidation of CIPs ) Distributions ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 ARTISAN PARTNERS ASSET MANAGEMENT INC. 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (U.S. dollars in thousands) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income before noncontrolling interests Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes Asset impairment Noncash lease expense (benefit) ) ) Net investment (gain) loss on nonconsolidated investment securities ) ) Net (gain) loss on the tax receivable agreements ) (Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment Amortization of debt issuance costs Share-based compensation Net investment (gain) loss of consolidated investment products ) ) Purchase of investments by consolidated investment products ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments by consolidated investment products Change in assets and liabilities resulting in an increase (decrease) in cash: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net change in operating assets and liabilities of consolidated investment products including net investment income Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Acquisition of property and equipment ) ) Leasehold improvements ) ) Proceeds from sale of investment securities Purchase of investment securities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Partnership distributions ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Payments under the tax receivable agreements ) ) Taxes paid related to employee net share settlement ) ) Capital contributions to consolidated investment products, net Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Net cash impact of deconsolidation of CIPs ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period End of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as of the end of the period Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents of consolidated investment products Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplementary information Noncash activity: Establishment of deferred tax assets Establishment of amounts payable under tax receivable agreements Increase in investment securities due to deconsolidation of CIPs Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Settlement of franchise capital liability via transfer of investment securities 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 ARTISAN PARTNERS ASSET MANAGEMENT INC. 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (U.S. currencies in thousands, except share and per share amounts and as otherwise indicated) 
 
 of the equity ownership interest in Holdings. 
 Holdings, together with its wholly owned subsidiary, Artisan Investments GP LLC, controls a interest in Artisan Partners Limited Partnership APLP ), a multi-product investment management firm that is the principal operating subsidiary of Artisan Partners Holdings. APLP is registered as an investment adviser with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. APLP provides investment advisory services to traditional separate accounts and pooled investment vehicles, including Artisan Partners Funds, Inc. Artisan Funds ), Artisan Partners Global Funds plc Artisan Global Funds and Artisan sponsored private funds Artisan Private Funds ). Artisan Funds are a series of open-end mutual funds registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Artisan Global Funds is a family of Ireland-domiciled UCITS funds. Artisan Private Funds consist of a number of Artisan-sponsored unregistered pooled investment vehicles. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 . The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of APAM and all subsidiaries or other entities in which APAM has a direct or indirect controlling financial interest. All material intercompany balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Artisan serves as the investment adviser to Artisan Funds, Artisan Global Funds and Artisan Private Funds. Artisan Funds and Artisan Global Funds are corporate entities, the business and affairs of which are managed by their respective boards of directors. The shareholders of the funds retain voting rights, including rights to elect and reelect members of their respective boards of directors. Each series of Artisan Funds is a VOE and is separately evaluated for consolidation under the VOE model. The shareholders of Artisan Global Funds lack simple majority liquidation rights, and as a result, each sub-fund of Artisan Global Funds is evaluated for consolidation under the VIE model. Artisan Private Funds are also evaluated for consolidation under the VIE model because third-party equity holders of the funds generally lack the ability to divest Artisan of its control of the funds. 
 sub-funds of Artisan Global Funds and Artisan Private Funds and, as a result, these funds are included in Artisan s unaudited consolidated financial statements. Because these consolidated investment products meet the definition of investment companies under U.S. GAAP, Artisan has retained the specialized industry accounting principles for investment companies in the consolidated financial statements. See Note 6, Variable Interest Entities and Consolidated Investment Products for additional details. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Investments in equity securities accounted for under the equity method Total investment securities 
 Artisan s investments in equity securities consist of investments in Artisan Funds, Artisan Global Funds and Artisan Private Funds. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million, respectively, of Artisan s investment securities were related to funded long-term incentive compensation plans (excluding investments in consolidated investment products). 
 ) 
 
 Equity securities December 31, 2023 Assets Money market funds 1 
 Equity securities 1 Money market funds are included within the cash and cash equivalents line of the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

NA Senior notes Series D August 2025 Series E August 2027 Series F August 2032 Total gross borrowings Debt issuance costs ) ) Total borrowings (1) The Company is not required to make principal payments on any of the outstanding obligations prior to contractual maturity. 
 
 The fair value of borrowings was approximately million as of September 30, 2024. Fair value was determined based on future cash flows, discounted to present value using current market interest rates. The inputs are categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, as defined in Note 4, Fair Value Measurements. 
 The fixed interest rate on each series of unsecured notes is subject to a one percentage point increase in the event Holdings receives a below-investment grade rating and any such increase will continue to apply until an investment grade rating is received. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were borrowings outstanding under the million revolving credit facility and the interest rate on the unused commitment was . 
 Interest expense incurred on the unsecured notes and revolving credit agreement was million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 sub-funds of Artisan Global Funds and Artisan Private Funds, with an aggregate direct equity investment in the consolidated investment products of million. 
 Artisan s maximum exposure to loss in connection with the assets and liabilities of CIPs is limited to its direct equity investment, while the potential benefit is limited to the management and performance fees received and the return on its equity investment. With the exception of Artisan s direct equity investment, the assets of CIPs are not available to Artisan s creditors, nor are they available to Artisan for general corporate purposes. In addition, third-party investors in the CIPs have no recourse to the general credit of the Company. 
 Management and performance fees earned from CIPs are eliminated from revenue upon consolidation. See Note 14, Related Party Transactions for additional information on management and performance fees earned from CIPs. 
 Third-party investors ownership interest in CIPs is presented as redeemable noncontrolling interests in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of financial condition as third-party investors have the right to withdraw their capital, subject to certain conditions. Net income attributable to third-party investors is reported as net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests - consolidated investment products in the unaudited consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 net impact to the unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Artisan generally does not recognize a gain or loss upon deconsolidation of investment products as the assets and liabilities of CIPs are carried at fair value. Artisan s million direct equity investment was reclassified from investment assets of consolidated investment products to investment securities. 
 As of September 30, 2024, Artisan held direct equity investments of million in VIEs for which the Company does not hold a controlling financial interest. These direct equity investments consisted of seed investments in sub-funds of Artisan Global Funds and Artisan Private Funds, both of which are accounted for under the equity method of accounting because Artisan has significant influence over the funds. 
 Fair Value Measurements - Consolidated Investment Products 
 Investments held by CIPs are reflected at fair value. Short and long positions on equity securities are valued based upon closing prices of the security on the exchange or market designated by the accounting agent or pricing vendor as the principal exchange. The closing price may represent last sale price, official closing price, a closing auction or other information depending on market convention. Short and long positions on fixed income instruments are valued at market value. Market values are generally evaluations based on prices provided by independent pricing vendors, which may consider, among other factors, the prices at which securities actually trade, broker-dealer quotations, pricing formulas, estimates of market values obtained from yield data relating to investments or securities with similar characteristics and/or discounted cash flow models that might be applicable. Short-term investments are comprised of repurchase agreements and U.S. Treasury obligations. Repurchase agreements are valued at cost plus accrued interest and U.S. treasury obligations are valued using the same principles as fixed income securities. Derivative assets and liabilities are generally comprised of put and call options on securities and indices and forward foreign currency contracts. Put and call options are valued at the mid price (average of bid price and ask price) as provided by the pricing vendor at the close of trading on the contract s principal exchange. Open forward foreign currency contracts are valued using the market spot rate. Private equity investments are valued at market value, which are generally evaluations based on estimates of market values obtained using valuation multiples on key financial metrics and/or discounted cash flow models. 
 Equity securities - long position Fixed income instruments - long position Derivative assets Private equity Liabilities Fixed income instruments - short position Derivative liabilities Repurchase agreements 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Equity securities - long position Fixed income instruments - long position Derivative assets Short-term investments Liabilities Fixed income instruments - short position Derivative liabilities 
 CIP balances included in the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of financial condition were as follows: As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 Net CIP assets included in the table above Net CIP assets/(liabilities) not included in the table above ) ) Total Net CIP assets Less: redeemable noncontrolling interests Artisan s direct equity investment in CIPs 
 
 of the equity ownership interests in Holdings. 
 Limited partners of Artisan Partners Holdings are entitled to exchange partnership units (along with a corresponding number of shares of Class B or C common stock of APAM) for shares of Class A common stock from time to time (the Holdings Common Unit Exchanges ). The Holdings Common Unit Exchanges increase APAM s equity ownership interest in Holdings and result in an increase to deferred tax assets and amounts payable under the tax receivable agreements. See Note 11, Income Taxes and Related Payments. 
 In order to maintain the one-to-one correspondence of the number of Holdings partnership units and APAM common shares, Holdings will issue one general partner GP unit to APAM for each share of Class A common stock issued by APAM. Holdings Common Unit Exchanges ) Issuance of APAM Restricted Shares (1) 
 Delivery of Shares Underlying RSUs and PSUs (1) 
 Restricted Share Award Net Share Settlement (1) 
 ) ) Forfeitures from Employee Terminations (1) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 (1) The impact of the transaction on APAM s ownership percentage was less than 1 . 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ) Noncontrolling interests - Artisan Partners Holdings ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net impact to financial condition 
 In addition to the reallocation of historical equity, the change in ownership resulted in an increase to deferred tax assets and additional paid-in capital of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

per share 
 vote per share 
 Proportionate Class B, par value per share 
 vote per share 
 None Class C, par value per share 
 vote per share 
 None (1) The Company s employees to whom Artisan has granted equity have entered into a stockholders agreement with respect to all shares of APAM common stock they have acquired from the Company and any shares they may acquire from the Company in the future, pursuant to which they granted an irrevocable voting proxy to a Stockholders Committee. As of September 30, 2024, Artisan s employees held restricted shares of Class A common stock and all outstanding shares of Class B common stock, all of which were subject to the agreement. 
 
 APAM is dependent on cash generated by Holdings to fund any dividends. Generally, Holdings will make distributions to all of its partners, including APAM, based on the proportionate share of ownership each has in Holdings. APAM will fund dividends to its stockholders from its proportionate share of those distributions after provision for its taxes and other obligations. 
 Special Annual Class A Common 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Holdings Common Unit Exchanges ) ) Restricted Share Award Grants Restricted Share Award Net Share Settlement ) ) Delivery of Shares Underlying RSUs and PSUs Employee/Partner Terminations ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 (1) There were and restricted stock units outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In addition, there were and performance share units outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Based on the quarter-end status of the market and performance conditions, the unvested performance share units would ultimately result in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock if all other vesting conditions were met. Restricted stock units and performance share units are not reflected in the table because they are not considered outstanding or issued stock. 
 
 Each Class A, Class B, Class D and Class E common unit of Holdings (together with the corresponding share of Class B or Class C common stock) is exchangeable for one share of Class A common stock. The corresponding shares of Class B and Class C common stock are immediately canceled upon any such exchange. 
 Upon termination of employment with Artisan, an employee-partner s Class B common units are exchanged for Class E common units and the corresponding shares of Class B common stock are canceled. APAM issues the former employee-partner a number of shares of Class C common stock equal to the former employee-partner s number of Class E common units. Class E common units are exchangeable for Class A common stock subject to the same restrictions and limitations on exchange applicable to the other common units of Holdings. 
 Artisan Partners Holdings - Partners Equity 
 Holdings makes distributions of its net income to the holders of its partnership units for income taxes as required under the terms of the partnership agreement and also makes additional distributions under the terms of the partnership agreement as required. 
 Holdings Partnership Distributions to APAM Total Holdings Partnership Distributions 
 The distributions are recorded as a reduction to consolidated stockholders equity, with the exception of distributions made to APAM, which are eliminated upon consolidation. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 Artisan Global Funds Separate accounts and other (1) 
 Performance fees Separate accounts and other (1) 
 Total revenues (2) 
 (1) Separate accounts and other revenue consists of management fees and performance fees earned from vehicles other than Artisan Funds or Artisan Global Funds, and therefore includes revenue earned from traditional separate accounts, Artisan-branded collective investment trusts and Artisan Private Funds, as well as assets under advisement related to investment models for which we provide consulting advice but do not have discretionary investment authority. 
 (2) All management fees and performance fees from consolidated investment products were eliminated upon consolidation and therefore are omitted from this table. See Note 14, Related Party Transactions. 
 
 Artisan Global Funds Separate accounts and other Total receivables from contracts with customers Non-customer receivables Accounts receivable 
 Artisan Funds and Artisan Global Funds are billed on the last day of each month. Artisan Funds and Artisan Global Funds make payments on the same day the invoice is received for the majority of the invoiced amount. The remainder of the invoice is generally paid in the month following receipt of the invoice. Separate accounts and other clients are generally billed on a monthly or quarterly basis, with payments due within 30 days of billing. 
 Artisan had other contract assets or liabilities from contracts with customers as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 Non-customer receivables include state tax payments made on behalf of certain limited partners, which are then netted from subsequent distributions or payments to the limited partners, as well as redemptions of investments that have not yet been collected. 
 
 Long-term cash incentive compensation expense Restricted share-based award compensation expense Long-term incentive compensation expense Total compensation and benefits (1) Excluding long-term incentive compensation expense 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 service vesting condition. 
 Career Shares. Career shares are generally subject to both (i) a pro rata service vesting condition and (ii) a qualifying retirement (as defined in the award agreement) condition. 
 Franchise Shares. Like career shares, franchise shares are generally subject to both (i) a pro rata service vesting condition and (ii) a qualifying retirement condition. In addition, franchise shares, which are only granted to investment team members, are subject to a Franchise Protection Clause, which provides that the number of shares that ultimately vest depends on whether certain conditions relating to client cash flows are met. If such conditions are not met, compensation cost related to unvested shares will be reversed. 
 Performance Share Units (PSUs) . PSUs are generally subject to (i) a service vesting condition, (ii) certain performance conditions related to the Company s adjusted operating margin and total shareholder return compared to a peer group during a performance period, and (iii) for one-half of the PSUs eligible to vest at the end of the performance period, a qualifying retirement condition. The number of shares of Class A common stock that are ultimately issued in connection with each PSU award will depend upon the outcome of the performance, market and qualified retirement conditions. For the portion of a PSU award with a performance condition under ASC 718, expense is recognized over the service period if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. 
 For certain awards granted in 2024, the pro rata five-year service vesting condition is not applicable if the employee has a qualified retirement after meeting an age plus number of years of service with the Company condition. 
 Compensation expense is recognized based on the estimated grant date fair value on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. The initial requisite service period is generally for restricted stock awards and restricted stock units, and for PSUs. If an employee is eligible to fully vest in an award upon a qualified retirement, the requisite service period is equal to the employee s required retirement notice period, which is generally months. The fair value of each award is equal to the market price of the Company s common stock on the grant date, except for PSUs with a market condition performance metric under ASC 718, which have a grant-date fair value based on a Monte Carlo valuation model. 
 Unvested restricted share-based awards are subject to forfeiture. Grantees are generally entitled to dividends or dividend equivalents on unvested and vested awards. shares of Class A common stock were reserved and available for issuance under the Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan at September 30, 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Artisan granted restricted stock awards and restricted stock units. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 
 
 Granted Forfeited Adjustment for performance results achieved (1) 
 Vested (1) 
 ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 (2) 
 (1) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the PSUs granted in 2021 met the requisite three-year performance conditions for the potential delivery of shares additional shares for results achieved). shares of Class A common stock were delivered in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, while the remaining units remain subject to the qualified retirement provision. 
 (2) and PSUs at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, had met the requisite three-year performance conditions for vesting but remain outstanding subject to a qualifying retirement vesting condition. 
 
 Based on the quarter-end status of the market and performance conditions, the unvested PSUs would ultimately result in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock if all other vesting conditions were met. 
 The unrecognized compensation expense for the unvested restricted stock awards and restricted stock units as of September 30, 2024 was million with a weighted average recognition period of years remaining. The unrecognized compensation expense for the unvested PSUs as of September 30, 2024 was million with a weighted average recognition period of years remaining. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company withheld a total of restricted shares and paid a total of million as a result of net share settlements to satisfy employee tax withholding obligations. These net share settlements had the effect of shares repurchased and retired by the Company, as they reduced the number of shares outstanding. 
 Long-term cash awards (franchise capital awards) 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Artisan granted million of franchise capital awards to investment team members in lieu of certain additional restricted share-based awards. The franchise capital awards are subject to the same long-term vesting and forfeiture provisions as restricted share-based awards, as described above. Prior to vesting, franchise capital awards are generally allocated to one or more of the investment strategies managed by the award recipient s investment team. During the vesting period, the value of the awards will increase or decrease based on the investment returns of the strategies to which the awards are allocated. Compensation expense, including the appreciation or depreciation related to investment returns, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the required service period, which is generally . If an employee is eligible to fully vest in an award upon a qualified retirement, the requisite service period for that award is equal to the employee s required retirement notice period, which is generally months. Because the awards will generally be paid out in cash upon vesting, the fair value of unvested awards is recorded as a liability based on the percentage of the service requirement that has been completed. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 ) Non-operating income (expense) Net investment gain (loss) of nonconsolidated investment products ) Non-operating income (expense) Net investment gain (loss) of consolidated investment products 
 The franchise capital award liability was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in accrued incentive compensation in the unaudited consolidated statements of financial condition. The unrecognized compensation expense for the unvested franchise capital awards as of September 30, 2024 was million with a weighted average recognition period of years remaining. 
 
 primarily due to a rate benefit attributable to the fact that, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately of Artisan Partners Holdings full year projected taxable earnings were attributable to other partners and not subject to corporate-level taxes. The effective tax rate was also lower than the statutory rate due to tax deductible dividends paid on unvested restricted share-based awards and excess income tax benefits from the vesting of restricted share-based awards. 
 APAM s effective tax rate was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 State and local Foreign ) Total Deferred: Federal State and local Total Income tax expense (benefit) 
 In connection with the IPO, APAM entered into tax receivable agreements TRAs ). The first TRA generally provides for the payment by APAM to a private equity fund (the Pre-H F Corp Merger Shareholder or its assignees of of the applicable cash savings, if any, of U.S. federal, state and local income taxes that APAM actually realizes (or is deemed to realize in certain circumstances) as a result of (i) the tax attributes of the preferred units APAM acquired in the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Pre-H F Corp Merger Shareholder into APAM in March 2013 and (ii) tax benefits related to imputed interest. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 of the applicable cash savings, if any, of U.S. federal, state and local income taxes that APAM actually realizes (or is deemed to realize in certain circumstances) as a result of (i) certain tax attributes of their partnership units sold to APAM or exchanged (for shares of Class A common stock, convertible preferred stock or other consideration) and that are created as a result of such sales or exchanges and payments under the TRAs and (ii) tax benefits related to imputed interest. Under both agreements, APAM generally will retain the benefit of the remaining of the applicable tax savings. 
 
 For purposes of the TRAs, cash savings of income taxes are calculated by comparing APAM s actual income tax liability to the amount it would have been required to pay had it not been able to utilize any of the tax benefits subject to the TRAs, unless certain assumptions apply. The TRAs will continue in effect until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired, unless APAM exercises its right to terminate the agreements or payments under the agreements are accelerated in the event that APAM materially breaches any of its material obligations under the agreements. 
 
 The actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under these agreements, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of sales or exchanges by the holders of limited partnership units, the price of the Class A common stock at the time of such sales or exchanges, whether such sales or exchanges are taxable, the amount and timing of the taxable income APAM generates in the future and the tax rate then applicable and the portion of APAM s payments under the TRAs constituting imputed interest or depreciable basis or amortizable basis. 
 Payments under the TRAs, if any, will be made pro rata among all TRA counterparties entitled to payments on an annual basis to the extent APAM has sufficient taxable income to utilize the increased depreciation and amortization charges and imputed interest deductions. Artisan expects to make one or more payments under the TRAs, to the extent they are required, prior to or within days after APAM s U.S. federal income tax return is filed for each fiscal year. Interest on the TRA payments will accrue from the due date (without extension) of such tax return until such payments are made. Amounts payable under the TRAs are estimates which may be impacted by factors, including but not limited to, expected tax rates, projected taxable income, and projected ownership levels and are subject to change. Changes in the estimates of amounts payable under tax receivable agreements are recorded as non-operating income (loss) in the unaudited consolidated statements of operations. 
 2024 Holdings Common Unit Exchanges 
 Amortization ) Payments under TRAs ) Change in estimate ) September 30, 2024 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Other (2) 
 Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance (3) 
 Net deferred tax assets (1) Represents the unamortized step-up of tax basis and other tax attributes from the merger and partnership unit sales and exchanges described above. These future tax benefits are subject to the TRA agreements. 
 (2) Represents the net deferred tax assets associated with Artisan s investment in Holdings, related primarily to incentive compensation plan deduction timing differences. These future tax benefits are not subject to the TRA agreements. 
 (3) Artisan assessed whether the deferred tax assets would be realizable and determined based on its history of taxable income that the benefits would more likely than not be realized. Accordingly, no valuation allowance is required. 
 
 Accounting standards establish a minimum threshold for recognizing, and a process for measuring, the benefits of income tax return positions in financial statements. The Company's gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits is not expected to significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision. Accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits was million and less than million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The gross unrecognized tax benefit is recorded within accounts payable, accrued expenses and other in the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 In the normal course of business, Artisan is subject to examination by federal and certain state, local and foreign tax regulators. As of September 30, 2024, U.S. federal income tax returns filed for the years 2021 through 2023 are open and therefore subject to examination. State, local and foreign income tax returns filed are generally subject to examination from 2020 to 2023. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Less: Allocation to participating securities Net income available to common stockholders Denominator: Basic weighted average shares outstanding Dilutive effect of nonparticipating share-based awards Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Earnings per share - Basic Earnings per share - Diluted 
 Allocation to participating securities in the table above primarily represents dividends paid to holders of unvested restricted share-based awards, which reduces net income available to common stockholders. 
 
 The Holdings limited partnership units are anti-dilutive primarily due to the impact of public company expenses. Unvested restricted share-based awards with non-forfeitable dividend rights during the vesting period are considered participating securities and are therefore anti-dilutive. 
 Unvested restricted share-based awards Total 

million and million, respectively, of partnership tax reimbursements due from Holdings limited partners, including related parties. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 to . Artisan has contractually agreed to reimburse for expenses incurred to the extent necessary to limit annualized ordinary operating expenses incurred by certain of the Artisan Funds to not more than a fixed percentage (ranging from to of a fund s average daily net assets. In addition, Artisan may voluntarily waive fees or reimburse any of the Artisan Funds for other expenses. The officers and directors of Artisan Funds who are affiliated with Artisan receive no compensation from the funds. 
 Elimination of fees from consolidated investment products (1) 
 ) ) Consolidated investment advisory fees (Gross of expense reimbursements) Expense reimbursements Elimination of expense reimbursements from consolidated investment products (1) 
 ) ) Consolidated expense reimbursements (1) Investment advisory fees and expense reimbursements related to consolidated investment products are eliminated from revenue upon consolidation. 
 
 Affiliate transactions Artisan Global Funds 
 Artisan has an agreement to serve as the investment manager to Artisan Global Funds, with which certain Artisan employees are affiliated. Under the terms of these agreements, a fee is paid based on an annual percentage of the average daily net assets of each fund ranging from to . Artisan reimburses each sub-fund of Artisan Global Funds to the extent that sub-fund s annual expenses, not including Artisan s fee, exceed certain levels, which range from to . In addition, Artisan may voluntarily waive fees or reimburse any of the Artisan Global Funds for other expenses. The directors of Artisan Global Funds who are also employees of Artisan receive no compensation from the funds. 
 Elimination of fees from consolidated investment products (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Consolidated investment advisory fees (Gross of expense reimbursements) Expense reimbursements Elimination of expense reimbursements from consolidated investment products (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Consolidated expense reimbursements ) ) (1) Investment advisory fees and expense reimbursements related to consolidated investment products are eliminated from revenue upon consolidation. 

22 

Table of Contents 

 to per annum of the net assets of the fund. Artisan may also voluntarily waive fees or reimburse the funds for other expenses. The directors of Artisan Private Funds and the officers of the general partners of the Artisan Private Funds who are affiliated with Artisan receive no compensation from the funds. 
 Artisan and certain related parties, including employees, officers and members of the Company s Board, have invested in one or more of the Artisan Private Funds and, for certain of those investments, do not pay a management fee, performance fee or incentive allocation. 
 Elimination of fees from consolidated investment products (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Consolidated investment advisory fees (Gross of expense reimbursements) Expense reimbursements Elimination of expense reimbursements from consolidated investment products (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Consolidated expense reimbursements (1) Investment advisory fees and expense reimbursements related to consolidated investment products are eliminated from revenue upon consolidation. 

million to holders of Artisan Partners Holdings partnership units, including APAM. The board of directors of APAM declared, effective October 29, 2024, a quarterly dividend of per share of Class A common stock. The APAM dividend is payable on November 29, 2024, to stockholders of record as of November 15, 2024. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Overview and Recent Highlights 
 We are an investment management firm focused on providing high-value added, active investment strategies in asset classes for sophisticated clients around the world. As of September 30, 2024, our 11 autonomous investment teams managed a total of 25 investment strategies across multiple asset classes and investment styles. 
 We focus on attracting, retaining and developing talented investment professionals and creating an environment in which each investment team is provided ample resources and support, transparent and direct financial incentives, a high degree of investment autonomy, and a long-term time horizon. We create new investment strategies when we identify opportunities to add value for clients, oftentimes through the use of a broad array of securities, instruments and techniques (which we call degrees of freedom) to differentiate returns and manage risk. 
 We offer our investment management capabilities primarily to sophisticated investors that operate with institutional decision-making processes and longer-term investment horizons. We employ knowledgeable and investment focused relationship managers who are directly aligned with our investment teams, and we pair them with regional and distribution channel experts. We provide access to our investment strategies through multiple investment vehicles, including separate accounts and different types of pooled vehicles. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 74 of our assets under management were managed for clients and investors domiciled in the U.S. and 26 of our assets under management were managed for clients and investors domiciled outside of the U.S. 
 As a high-value added investment manager we expect that long-term investment performance will be the primary driver of our long-term business and financial results. If we maintain and evolve existing investment strategies and launch new investment strategies that meet the needs of and generate attractive outcomes for sophisticated asset allocators, we believe that we will continue to generate strong business and financial results. 
 Over shorter time periods, changes in our business and financial results are largely driven by market conditions and fluctuations in our assets under management that may not necessarily be the result of our long-term investment performance or the long-term demand for our strategies. For this reason, we expect that our business and financial results will be lumpy over time. 
 We strive to maintain a financial model that is transparent and predictable. We derive nearly all of our revenues from investment management fees, most of which are based on a specified percentage of clients average assets under management. A majority of our expenses, including most of our compensation expense, vary directly with changes in our revenues. 
 We invest thoughtfully to support our investment teams and future growth, while also paying out to stockholders and partners a majority of the cash that we generate from operations through dividends and distributions. We expect to continue to invest in the growth of the business, with a focus on adding new investment capabilities and more degrees of freedom in areas where both opportunity and client demand exist, and in which we can differentiate our active management and add value for clients. 
 Financial highlights for the quarter included the following: 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, our assets under management increased to 167.8 billion, an increase of 8.9 billion, or 6 , compared to 158.9 billion at June 30, 2024, primarily due to 9.9 billion of market appreciation, partially offset by 0.8 billion of net client cash outflows and 0.2 billion of Artisan Funds' distributions not reinvested. 
 Average assets under management for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 162.8 billion, an increase of 3 from the average of 158.6 billion for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 14 from the average of 142.2 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 We earned 279.6 million in revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 12 from revenues of 248.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Performance fees of less than 0.1 million were recognized in each of the respective periods. 
 Our GAAP operating margin was 33.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 33.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Adjusted operating margin was 35.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 32.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 We generated 1.03 of earnings per basic and diluted share and 0.92 of adjusted EPS. 
 We declared and distributed dividends of 0.71 per share of Class A common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 We declared, effective October 29, 2024, a quarterly dividend with respect to the three months ended September 30, 2024, of 0.82 per share of Class A common stock. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Organizational Structure 
 Organizational Structure 
 Our operations are conducted through Artisan Partners Holdings LP Holdings and its subsidiaries. On March 12, 2013, Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. APAM and Holdings completed a series of transactions (the IPO Reorganization to reorganize their capital structures in connection with the initial public offering IPO of APAM s Class A common stock. The IPO Reorganization and IPO were completed on March 12, 2013. 
 Limited partners of Holdings, some of whom are employees, held approximately 13 of the equity interests in Holdings as of September 30, 2024. Our results reflect that significant noncontrolling interest. 
 We operate our business in a single segment. 
 Holdings Unit Exchanges 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, certain limited partners of Holdings exchanged 1,168,667 common units (along with a corresponding number of shares of Class B or Class C common stock of APAM, as applicable) for 1,168,667 shares of Class A common stock. In connection with the exchanges, APAM received 1,168,667 GP units of Holdings. 
 APAM s equity ownership interest in Holdings increased from 86 at December 31, 2023 to 87 at September 30, 2024, as a result of these transactions and other equity transactions during the period. 
 
 Financial Overview 
 Economic Environment 
 Volatility and uncertainty in global financial markets impact the value of our assets under management. Because the revenue we earn is based on the value of our assets under management (AUM), fluctuations in our AUM will result in corresponding fluctuations in our revenues and earnings. Current conditions that could materially impact our financial performance include elevated inflation levels, uncertainty around the timing and extent of changes in interest rates, effects of political tensions, and conflicts and wars, among other factors. 
 The following table presents the total returns of relevant market indices for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 S P 500 total returns 5.9 (3.3) 22.1 13.1 MSCI All Country World total returns 6.6 (3.4) 18.7 10.1 MSCI EAFE total returns 7.3 (4.1) 13.0 7.1 Russell Midcap total returns 
 9.2 (4.7) 14.6 3.9 MSCI Emerging Markets Index 8.7 (2.9) 16.9 1.8 ICE BofA US High Yield Index 5.3 0.5 8.0 6.0 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Key Performance Indicators 
 When we review our business and financial performance we consider, among other things, the following: For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited; dollars in millions) Assets under management at period end 167,840 136,495 167,840 136,495 Average assets under management (1) 
 162,783 142,199 158,514 138,982 Net client cash flows (2) 
 (743) (1,339) (2,875) (3,678) Total revenues 279.6 248.7 814.8 726.1 Weighted average management fee (3) 
 68.5 bps 69.5 bps 68.8 bps 70.0 bps Operating margin 33.3 33.0 31.6 31.3 Adjusted operating margin (4) 
 35.0 32.5 32.7 31.5 (1) We compute average assets under management by averaging day-end assets under management for the applicable period. 
 (2) Net client cash flows excludes Artisan Funds income and capital gain distributions that were not reinvested by fund shareholders. 
 (3) We compute our weighted average management fee by dividing annualized investment management fees (which excludes performance fees) by average assets under management for the applicable period. 
 (4) Adjusted measures are non-GAAP measures and are explained and reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures in Supplemental Non-GAAP Financial Information below. 
 
 Assets under management within our consolidated investment products, and investment advisory fees earned thereon, are excluded from our weighted average fee calculations and total revenues, since any such revenues are eliminated upon consolidation. 
 Assets Under Management and Investment Performance 
 Changes to our operating results from one period to another are primarily caused by changes in the amount of our assets under management. Changes in the relative composition of our assets under management among our investment strategies and vehicles and the effective fee rates on our products also impact our operating results. 
 The amount and composition of our assets under management are, and will continue to be, influenced by a variety of factors including, among others: 
 investment performance, including fluctuations in both the financial markets and foreign currency exchange rates and the quality of our investment decisions; 
 flows of client assets into and out of our various strategies and investment vehicles; 
 our decision to close strategies or limit the growth of assets in a strategy or a vehicle when we believe it is in the best interest of our clients, as well as our decision to re-open strategies, in part or entirely; 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified investment, management, and marketing and client service professionals; 
 industry trends towards products, strategies, vehicles or services that we do not offer; 
 competitive conditions in the investment management and broader financial services sectors; and 
 investor sentiment and confidence. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 The table below sets forth changes in our total assets under management: For the Three Months Ended September 30, Period-to-Period 
 2024 2023 (unaudited; in millions) Beginning assets under management 158,887 142,989 15,898 11.1 Gross client cash inflows 6,210 5,601 609 10.9 Gross client cash outflows (6,953) (6,940) (13) (0.2) Net client cash flows (1) 
 (743) (1,339) 596 44.5 Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (2) 
 (222) (75) (147) (196.0) Investment returns and other (3) 
 9,918 (5,080) 14,998 295.2 Ending assets under management 167,840 136,495 31,345 23.0 Average assets under management 162,783 142,199 20,584 14.5 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Period-to-Period 2024 2023 (unaudited; in millions) Beginning assets under management 150,167 127,892 22,275 17.4 Gross client cash inflows 18,001 15,889 2,112 13.3 Gross client cash outflows (20,876) (19,567) (1,309) (6.7) Net client cash flows (1) 
 (2,875) (3,678) 803 21.8 Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (2) 
 (398) (190) (208) (109.5) Investment returns and other (3) 
 20,946 12,471 8,475 68.0 Ending assets under management 167,840 136,495 31,345 23.0 Average assets under management 158,514 138,982 19,532 14.1 (1) Net client cash flows excludes Artisan Funds income and capital gain distributions that were not reinvested by fund shareholders. 
 (2) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested represents the amount of income and capital gain distributions that were not reinvested in the Artisan Funds. 
 (3) Includes the impact of translating the value of assets under management denominated in non-USD currencies into U.S. dollars. The impact was immaterial for the periods presented. 
 
 During the quarter, our AUM increased by 8.9 billion, primarily due to 9.9 billion of market appreciation, partially offset by 0.8 billion of net client cash outflows and 0.2 billion of Artisan Funds' distributions not reinvested. For the quarter, 13 of our 25 investment strategies had net outflows totaling 2.1 billion, which were partially offset by 1.3 billion of net inflows from the remaining strategies. 
 Over the long-term, we expect to generate the majority of our AUM growth through investment returns, which has been our historical experience. 
 We monitor the availability of attractive investment opportunities relative to the amount of assets we manage in each of our investment strategies and the velocity at which the strategies are experiencing inflows. When appropriate, we will close a strategy to new investors or otherwise take action to slow or restrict its growth, even though our aggregate assets under management may be negatively impacted in the short term. We may also re-open a strategy, widely or selectively, to fill available capacity or manage the diversification of our client base in that strategy. We believe that management of our investment capacity protects our ability to manage assets successfully, which protects the interests of our clients and, in the long term, protects our ability to retain client assets and maintain our profit margins. 
 As of the date of this filing, the Artisan High Income Fund, Artisan International Value Fund and Artisan International Small-Mid Fund are closed to most new investors and their respective strategies are generally not accepting new client relationships. From time to time when Artisan Partners believes the strategy has capacity, it may, however, accept a new separate account relationship at its discretion. In addition, we are actively managing the capacity of our U.S. Small-Cap Growth strategy with respect to new client relationships. 
 When we close or otherwise restrict the growth of a strategy, we typically continue to allow additional investments in the strategy by existing clients and certain related entities. We may also permit new investments by other eligible investors in our discretion. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 As a result, during a given period we may have net client cash inflows in a closed strategy. However, when a strategy is closed or its growth is restricted we generally expect there to be periods of net client cash outflows. 
 In December 2024, we expect the Artisan Funds to have completed their annual income and capital gain distributions for their equity mutual funds. Based on our current estimates and assumptions, we expect fourth quarter distributions to result in approximately 600 million of net client cash outflows from investors who choose not to reinvest their distributions. The fourth quarter 2024 distribution (estimates of which we expect Artisan Funds will disclose in advance of the record dates) may cause increased mutual fund redemptions. 
 The unaudited table on the following page sets forth the average annual total returns for each composite (gross of fees) and its respective broad-based benchmark (and style benchmark, if applicable) over a multi-horizon time period as of September 30, 2024. Returns for periods less than one year are not annualized. 
 We measure investment performance based upon the results of our composites , which represent the aggregate performance of all discretionary client accounts, including pooled investment vehicles, invested in the same strategy except those accounts with respect to which we believe client-imposed investment restrictions may have a material impact on portfolio construction and those accounts managed in a currency other than U.S. dollars. The results of these excluded accounts, which represented approximately 16 of our assets under management at September 30, 2024, are maintained in separate composites the results of which are not included below. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Average Annual 
 Value-Added 2 
 Since Inception 
 (bps) 
 Composite Inception Strategy AUM 1 
 Average Annual Total Returns (Gross) ) Investment Team and Strategy Date (in MM) 1 YR 3 YR 5 YR 10 YR Inception Growth Team Global Opportunities Strategy 2/1/2007 22,005 33.31 2.69 13.02 12.42 11.30 439 MSCI All Country World Index 31.76 8.08 12.18 9.38 6.91 Global Discovery Strategy 9/1/2017 1,688 26.24 0.10 12.71 --- 13.59 604 MSCI All Country World Small Mid Index 25.55 3.08 9.19 --- 7.55 U.S. Mid-Cap Growth Strategy 4/1/1997 12,792 17.31 (4.94) 10.57 10.84 14.19 443 Russell Midcap Index 29.33 5.75 11.28 10.18 10.38 Russell Midcap Growth Index 29.33 2.31 11.47 11.29 9.76 U.S. Small-Cap Growth Strategy 4/1/1995 3,177 26.30 (5.22) 8.64 11.95 10.64 285 Russell 2000 Index 26.76 1.84 9.38 8.78 9.00 Russell 2000 Growth Index 27.66 (0.35) 8.81 8.94 7.79 Global Equity Team Global Equity Strategy 4/1/2010 360 33.07 3.04 10.28 10.78 11.94 256 MSCI All Country World Index 31.76 8.08 12.18 9.38 9.38 Non-U.S. Growth Strategy 1/1/1996 13,217 26.72 3.81 7.01 6.17 9.58 435 MSCI EAFE Index 24.77 5.48 8.19 5.70 5.23 China Post-Venture Strategy 4/1/2021 188 24.23 (6.86) --- --- (6.90) 492 MSCI China SMID Cap Index 13.70 (11.17) --- --- (11.82) U.S. Value Team Value Equity Strategy 7/1/2005 4,931 25.22 11.25 14.56 11.10 9.78 156 Russell 1000 Index 35.68 10.82 15.62 13.09 10.64 Russell 1000 Value Index 27.76 9.02 10.68 9.22 8.22 U.S. Mid-Cap Value Strategy 4/1/1999 2,863 21.84 7.05 10.65 8.38 12.10 241 Russell Midcap Index 29.33 5.75 11.28 10.18 9.71 Russell Midcap Value Index 29.01 7.38 10.32 8.93 9.69 Value Income Strategy 3/1/2022 17 27.43 --- --- --- 6.98 (603) S P 500 Index 36.35 --- --- --- 13.01 International Value Team International Value Strategy 7/1/2002 46,605 27.80 12.03 13.84 9.58 12.01 562 MSCI EAFE Index 24.77 5.48 8.19 5.70 6.39 International Explorer 11/1/2020 343 24.35 5.54 --- --- 15.47 601 MSCI All Country World Index Ex USA Small Cap 23.25 1.39 --- --- 9.46 Global Value Team Global Value Strategy 7/1/2007 29,390 30.55 10.48 12.07 9.63 9.30 274 MSCI All Country World Index 31.76 8.08 12.18 9.38 6.56 Select Equity Strategy 3/1/2020 338 33.99 9.58 --- --- 13.96 (355) S P 500 Index 36.35 11.90 --- --- 17.51 Sustainable Emerging Markets SEM Team 
 Sustainable Emerging Markets Strategy 7/1/2006 2,006 25.90 0.36 6.41 6.23 5.73 75 MSCI Emerging Markets Index 26.05 0.40 5.74 4.02 4.98 Credit Team High Income Strategy 4/1/2014 11,295 15.87 5.04 7.14 7.34 7.21 244 ICE BofA US High Yield Index 15.66 3.08 4.54 4.95 4.77 Credit Opportunities Strategy 7/1/2017 254 21.20 12.21 16.86 --- 13.82 1,148 ICE BofA US Dollar 3-Month Deposit Offered Rate Constant Maturity Index 5.64 3.50 2.45 --- 2.34 Floating Rate Strategy 1/1/2022 73 9.34 --- --- --- 7.28 67 Credit Suisse Leveraged Loan Total Return Index 9.65 --- --- --- 6.61 Developing World Team Developing World Strategy 7/1/2015 4,225 44.55 (2.18) 13.81 --- 11.82 728 MSCI Emerging Markets Index 26.05 0.40 5.74 --- 4.54 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Antero Peak Group Antero Peak Strategy 5/1/2017 2,175 44.33 8.58 14.92 --- 18.89 429 S P 500 Index 36.35 11.90 15.96 --- 14.60 Antero Peak Hedge Strategy 11/1/2017 228 38.42 6.72 11.67 --- 13.22 (107) S P 500 Index 36.35 11.90 15.96 --- 14.29 International Small-Mid Team Non-U.S. Small-Mid Growth Strategy 1/1/2019 7,311 20.80 (2.29) 8.66 --- 11.25 303 MSCI All Country World Index Ex USA Small Mid Cap 23.01 1.63 7.25 --- 8.22 EMsights Capital Group Global Unconstrained Strategy 4/1/2022 655 10.31 --- --- --- 10.38 619 ICE BofA 3-month Treasury Bill Index 5.46 --- --- --- 4.19 Emerging Markets Debt Opportunities Strategy 5/1/2022 1,024 16.07 --- --- --- 13.64 663 J.P. Morgan EMB Hard Currency/Local currency 50-50 Index 14.99 --- --- --- 7.01 Emerging Markets Local Opportunities Strategy 8/1/2022 680 15.74 --- --- --- 12.42 287 J.P. Morgan GBI-EM Global Diversified 13.42 --- --- --- 9.55 Total Assets Under Management 167,840 1 AUM for Artisan Sustainable Emerging Markets and U.S. Mid-Cap Growth strategies includes 97.7 million in aggregate for which Artisan Partners provides investment models to managed account sponsors (reported on a lag not exceeding one quarter). 
 2 Value-added is the amount, in basis points, by which the average annual gross composite return of each of our strategies has outperformed or underperformed its respective benchmark. See Forward-Looking Statements and Other Disclosures for further information on the benchmark indexes used. Value-added for periods less than one year is not annualized. 

30 

Table of Contents 

 The tables below set forth changes in our assets under management by investment team: By Investment Team (3) 
 Three Months Ended Growth Global Equity U.S. Value Int l Value 
 Global Value SEM Credit Developing World Antero Peak Group Int l Small-Mid 
 EMsights Capital Group Total September 30, 2024 (unaudited; in millions) Beginning assets under management 38,917 13,495 7,266 43,745 27,793 1,857 11,165 3,997 2,236 7,042 1,374 158,887 Gross client cash inflows 1,192 79 131 1,284 974 41 1,120 106 124 268 891 6,210 Gross client cash outflows (2,057) (600) (123) (1,428) (699) (37) (1,115) (259) (106) (517) (12) (6,953) Net client cash flows (1) 
 (865) (521) 8 (144) 275 4 5 (153) 18 (249) 879 (743) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (2) 
 (128) (94) (222) Investment returns and other 1,610 791 537 3,475 1,660 145 546 381 149 518 106 9,918 Ending assets under management 39,662 13,765 7,811 46,948 29,728 2,006 11,622 4,225 2,403 7,311 2,359 167,840 Average assets under management 38,736 13,703 7,538 45,371 28,598 1,900 11,361 3,925 2,273 7,177 2,201 162,783 September 30, 2023 Beginning assets under management 38,586 13,917 6,648 36,786 23,974 873 8,198 3,572 3,129 7,192 114 142,989 Gross client cash inflows 1,181 141 84 1,957 376 17 799 131 43 170 702 5,601 Gross client cash outflows (2,755) (486) (212) (1,123) (952) (58) (422) (228) (527) (176) (1) (6,940) Net client cash flows (1) 
 (1,574) (345) (128) 834 (576) (41) 377 (97) (484) (6) 701 (1,339) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (2) 
 (75) (75) Investment returns and other (1,731) (575) (145) (1,018) (692) (36) 138 (252) (190) (557) (22) (5,080) Ending assets under management 35,281 12,997 6,375 36,602 22,706 796 8,638 3,223 2,455 6,629 793 136,495 Average assets under management 37,406 13,712 6,655 37,286 23,780 874 8,474 3,488 2,917 7,050 557 142,199 (1) Net client cash flows excludes Artisan Funds income and capital gain distributions that were not reinvested. 
 (2) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested represents the amount of income and capital gain distributions that were not reinvested in the Artisan Funds. 
 (3) Effective March 31, 2024, the International Small-Mid team, managing the Non-U.S. Small-Mid Growth strategy, became its own autonomous investment franchise. For comparability purposes, historical assets under management for both the Global Equity team and the International Small-Mid team are presented as though they were distinct teams prior to March 31, 2024. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 By Investment Team Nine Months Ended Growth Global Equity U.S. Value Int l Value 
 Global Value SEM Credit Developing World Antero Peak Group Int l Small-Mid 
 EMsights Capital Group Total September 30, 2024 (unaudited; in millions) Beginning assets under management 38,546 13,725 7,057 41,009 25,670 917 9,683 3,453 2,101 7,151 855 150,167 Gross client cash inflows 2,794 427 398 4,640 2,355 1,010 3,519 451 343 665 1,399 18,001 Gross client cash outflows (6,641) (2,314) (466) (4,634) (2,274) (124) (2,143) (629) (598) (1,034) (19) (20,876) Net client cash flows (1) 
 (3,847) (1,887) (68) 6 81 886 1,376 (178) (255) (369) 1,380 (2,875) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (2) 
 (128) (270) (398) Investment returns and other 4,963 1,927 822 6,061 3,977 203 833 950 557 529 124 20,946 Ending assets under management 39,662 13,765 7,811 46,948 29,728 2,006 11,622 4,225 2,403 7,311 2,359 167,840 Average assets under management 39,326 13,772 7,329 43,662 27,617 1,318 10,784 3,814 2,248 7,145 1,499 158,514 September 30, 2023 Beginning assets under management 33,977 13,871 6,088 30,210 21,767 873 7,140 3,466 3,676 6,752 72 127,892 Gross client cash inflows 2,905 667 195 6,149 1,304 63 2,542 488 311 529 736 15,889 Gross client cash outflows (5,093) (2,205) (556) (3,222) (3,130) (217) (1,506) (1,277) (1,695) (665) (1) (19,567) Net client cash flows (1) 
 (2,188) (1,538) (361) 2,927 (1,826) (154) 1,036 (789) (1,384) (136) 735 (3,678) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (2) 
 (190) (190) Investment returns and other 3,492 664 648 3,465 2,765 77 652 546 163 13 (14) 12,471 Ending assets under management 35,281 12,997 6,375 36,602 22,706 796 8,638 3,223 2,455 6,629 793 136,495 Average assets under management 36,812 14,087 6,489 35,210 23,203 882 8,118 3,593 3,260 7,080 248 138,982 (1) Net client cash flows excludes Artisan Funds income and capital gain distributions that were not reinvested. 
 (2) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested represents the amount of income and capital gain distributions that were not reinvested in the Artisan Funds. 
 (3) Effective March 31, 2024, the International Small-Mid team, managing the Non-U.S. Small-Mid Growth strategy, became its own autonomous investment franchise. For comparability purposes, historical assets under management for both the Global Equity team and the International Small-Mid team are presented as though they were distinct teams prior to March 31, 2024. 
 
 The goal of our marketing, distribution and client services efforts is to establish and maintain a client base that is diversified by investment strategy, client type and distribution channel. As distribution channels have evolved to have more institutional-like decision-making processes and longer-term investment horizons, we have expanded our distribution efforts into those areas. 
 The table below sets forth our assets under management by distribution channel (1) : As of September 30, 2024 As of September 30, 2023 in Millions of Total in Millions of Total (unaudited) (unaudited) Institutional 104,470 62.3 85,770 62.8 Intermediary 57,753 34.4 45,435 33.3 Retail 5,617 3.3 5,290 3.9 Ending Assets Under Management 167,840 100.0 136,495 100.0 (1) The allocation of assets under management by distribution channel involves the use of estimates and the exercise of judgment. Assets under management within Artisan Private Funds are included within the institutional channel. 
 
 Our institutional channel includes assets under management sourced from defined contribution plan clients, which made up approximately 8 of our total assets under management as of September 30, 2024. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables set forth the changes in our assets under management by vehicle type: Three Months Ended Artisan Funds Artisan Global Funds Separate Accounts and Other (1) 
 Total September 30, 2024 (unaudited; in millions) Beginning assets under management 76,985 81,902 158,887 Gross client cash inflows 3,635 2,575 6,210 Gross client cash outflows (4,477) (2,476) (6,953) Net client cash flows (2) 
 (842) 99 (743) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (3) 
 (222) (222) Investment returns and other 5,179 4,739 9,918 Net transfers (4) 
 (46) 46 Ending assets under management 81,054 86,786 167,840 Average assets under management 78,511 84,272 162,783 September 30, 2023 Beginning assets under management 69,144 73,845 142,989 Gross client cash inflows 3,313 2,288 5,601 Gross client cash outflows (3,440) (3,500) (6,940) Net client cash flows (2) 
 (127) (1,212) (1,339) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (3) 
 (75) (75) Investment returns and other (2,297) (2,783) (5,080) Net transfers (4) 
 (15) 15 Ending assets under management 66,630 69,865 136,495 Average assets under management 69,042 73,157 142,199 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended Artisan Funds Artisan Global Funds Separate Accounts and Other (1) 
 Total September 30, 2024 (unaudited; in millions) Beginning assets under management 72,763 77,404 150,167 Gross client cash inflows 11,643 6,358 18,001 Gross client cash outflows (12,866) (8,010) (20,876) Net client cash flows (2) 
 (1,223) (1,652) (2,875) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (3) 
 (398) (398) Investment returns and other 9,958 10,988 20,946 Net transfers (4) 
 (46) 46 Ending assets under management 81,054 86,786 167,840 Average assets under management 76,706 81,808 158,514 September 30, 2023 Beginning assets under management 60,811 67,081 127,892 Gross client cash inflows 11,294 4,595 15,889 Gross client cash outflows (11,074) (8,493) (19,567) Net client cash flows (2) 
 220 (3,898) (3,678) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (3) 
 (190) (190) Investment returns and other 5,804 6,667 12,471 Net transfers (4) 
 (15) 15 Ending assets under management 66,630 69,865 136,495 Average assets under management 67,110 71,872 138,982 (1) Separate accounts and other consists of AUM we manage in or through vehicles other than Artisan Funds or Artisan Global Funds. This AUM includes assets we manage in traditional separate accounts, Artisan-branded collective investment trusts and Artisan Private Funds, as well as assets under advisement related to investment models for which we provide consulting advice but do not have discretionary investment authority. 
 (2) Net client cash flows excludes Artisan Funds income and capital gain distributions that were not reinvested. 
 (3) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested represents the amount of income and capital gain distributions that were not reinvested in the Artisan Funds. 
 (4) Net transfers represent certain amounts that we have identified as having been transferred out of one investment strategy, investment vehicle or account and into another strategy, vehicle or account. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth our assets under management by asset class: Three Months Ended Equity (1) 
 Fixed Income (1) 
 Alternative (1) 
 Total September 30, 2024 (unaudited; in millions) Beginning assets under management 143,942 11,670 3,275 158,887 Gross client cash inflows 4,076 1,982 152 6,210 Gross client cash outflows (5,713) (1,112) (128) (6,953) Net client cash flows (2) 
 (1,637) 870 24 (743) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (3) 
 (128) (94) (222) Investment returns and other 9,090 626 202 9,918 Ending assets under management 151,267 13,072 3,501 167,840 Average assets under management 146,777 12,675 3,331 162,783 September 30, 2023 Beginning assets under management 131,384 8,103 3,502 142,989 Gross client cash inflows 4,056 1,225 320 5,601 Gross client cash outflows (5,990) (422) (528) (6,940) Net client cash flows (2) 
 (1,934) 803 (208) (1,339) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (3) 
 (75) (75) Investment returns and other (5,002) 104 (182) (5,080) Ending assets under management 124,448 8,935 3,112 136,495 Average assets under management 130,084 8,787 3,328 142,199 Nine Months Ended Equity (1) 
 Fixed Income (1) 
 Alternative (1) 
 Total September 30, 2024 (unaudited; in millions) Beginning assets under management 137,368 10,009 2,790 150,167 Gross client cash inflows 12,735 4,579 687 18,001 Gross client cash outflows (18,102) (2,138) (636) (20,876) Net client cash flows (2) 
 (5,367) 2,441 51 (2,875) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (3) 
 (128) (269) (1) (398) Investment returns and other 19,394 891 661 20,946 Ending assets under management 151,267 13,072 3,501 167,840 Average assets under management 143,817 11,499 3,198 158,514 September 30, 2023 Beginning assets under management 116,832 7,059 4,001 127,892 Gross client cash inflows 12,299 2,962 628 15,889 Gross client cash outflows (16,365) (1,504) (1,698) (19,567) Net client cash flows (2) 
 (4,066) 1,458 (1,070) (3,678) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested (3) 
 (190) (190) Investment returns and other 11,682 608 181 12,471 Ending assets under management 124,448 8,935 3,112 136,495 Average assets under management 127,181 8,165 3,636 138,982 (1) Equity includes the following investment strategies: Mid-Cap Growth, Small-Cap Growth, Mid-Cap Value, Non-U.S. Growth, International Value, Global Opportunities, Global Equity, Value Equity, Global Value, Sustainable Emerging Markets, Global Discovery, Developing World, Non-U.S. Small-Mid Growth, International Explorer, Select Equity, and Value Income. Fixed Income includes the following investment strategies: High Income, Floating Rate, Emerging Markets Debt Opportunities, and Emerging Markets Local Opportunities. Alternative includes the following investment strategies: Antero Peak, Antero Peak Hedge, China Post-Venture, Credit Opportunities, and Global Unconstrained. 
 (2) Net client cash flows excludes Artisan Funds income and capital gain distributions that were not reinvested. 
 (3) Artisan Funds distributions not reinvested represents the amount of income and capital gain distributions that were not reinvested in the Artisan Funds. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to Three months ended September 30, 2023 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Period-to-Period 2024 2023 Statements of operations data: (unaudited; in millions, except share and per-share data) Revenues Management fees 279.6 248.6 31.0 12 Performance fees 0.1 (0.1) (100) Total revenues 279.6 248.7 30.9 12 Operating Expenses Total compensation and benefits 149.0 130.7 18.3 14 Other operating expenses 37.4 35.8 1.6 4 Total operating expenses 186.4 166.5 19.9 12 Total operating income 93.2 82.2 11.0 13 Non-operating income (expense) Interest expense (2.2) (2.3) 0.1 4 Other non-operating income (expense) 37.7 8.1 29.6 365 Total non-operating income (expense) 35.5 5.8 29.7 512 Income before income taxes 128.7 88.0 40.7 46 Provision for income taxes 24.6 14.6 10.0 68 Net income before noncontrolling interests 104.1 73.4 30.7 42 Less: Noncontrolling interests - Artisan Partners Holdings 14.5 11.3 3.2 28 Less: Noncontrolling interests - consolidated investment products 16.7 9.0 7.7 86 Net income attributable to Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. 72.9 53.1 19.8 37 Share Data Basic earnings per share 
 1.03 0.76 Diluted earnings per share 
 1.03 0.76 Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding 65,123,054 63,520,402 Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 65,162,898 63,563,044 
 Investment Advisory Revenues 
 Essentially all of our revenues consist of fees earned from managing clients assets. Investment advisory fees, which are comprised of management fees and performance fees (including incentive allocations), fluctuate based on a number of factors, including the total value of our assets under management, the composition of assets under management among investment vehicles and our investment strategies, changes in the investment management fee rates on our products, the extent to which we enter into fee arrangements that differ from our standard fee schedules, which can be affected by custom and the competitive landscape in the relevant market and, for the accounts on which we earn performance fees, the investment performance of those accounts. 
 The different fee structures associated with Artisan Funds, Artisan Global Funds, and separate accounts and other pooled vehicles, and the different fee schedules applicable to each of our investment strategies, make the composition of our assets under management an important determinant of the investment management fees we earn. Historically, we have received higher effective rates of investment management fees from Artisan Funds and Artisan Global Funds than from traditional separate accounts reflecting, among other things, the different and broader array of services we provide to Artisan Funds and Artisan Global Funds. Investment management fees for non-U.S. funds may also be higher because they include fees to offset higher distribution costs. Our investment management fees also differ by investment strategy, with higher-capacity strategies having lower standard fee rates than strategies with more limited capacity. 
 Certain separate account clients pay us fees based on the performance of their accounts relative to agreed-upon benchmarks, which typically results in a lower base fee but allows us to earn higher fees if the performance we achieve for that client is superior to the performance of the agreed-upon benchmark. We may also receive performance fees or incentive allocations from Artisan Private Funds. Approximately 3 of our 167.8 billion of assets under management as of September 30, 2024 have performance fee billing arrangements. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The increase in revenues of 30.9 million, or 12 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was driven primarily by a 20.6 billion, or 14 increase in our average assets under management. The weighted average investment management fee, which excludes performance fees, was 68.5 basis points for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 69.5 basis points for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in the weighted average investment management fee was predominantly due to changes in strategy mix. 
 The following table sets forth investment advisory fees and the weighted average management fee by investment vehicle. The weighted average management fee for Artisan Funds and Artisan Global Funds reflects the additional services we provide to these pooled vehicles. Separate Accounts and Other (1) 
 Artisan Funds and Artisan Global Funds For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited; dollars in millions) Investment advisory fees 104.9 92.3 174.7 156.4 Weighted average management fee (2) 
 49.5 bps 50.1 bps 88.4 bps 90.1 bps Percentage of ending AUM 52 52 48 48 (1) Separate accounts and other consists of assets we manage in or through vehicles other than Artisan Funds or Artisan Global Funds, including assets we manage in traditional separate accounts, Artisan-branded collective investment trusts and Artisan Private Funds, as well as assets under advisement related to investment models, for which we provide consulting advice but do not have discretionary investment authority. 
 (2) We compute our weighted average management fee by dividing annualized management fees (which excludes performance fees) by average assets under management for the applicable period. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses increased 19.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of a 18.3 million increase in compensation and benefits and a 1.6 million increase in other operating expenses. 
 Compensation and Benefits For the Three Months Ended September 30, Period-to-Period 2024 2023 (unaudited; in millions) Salaries, incentive compensation and benefits (1) 
 128.6 118.3 10.3 9 Long-term incentive compensation awards 20.4 12.4 8.0 65 Total compensation and benefits 149.0 130.7 18.3 14 (1) Excluding long-term incentive compensation awards 
 
 The increase in salaries, incentive compensation and benefits is primarily due to an 8.4 million increase in incentive compensation driven by higher revenues in the three months ended September 30, 2024. Long-term incentive compensation costs also increased 8.0 million, which includes 5.8 million of additional expense from market valuation changes and 1.2 million of additional expense resulting from the retirement acceleration feature on 2024 grants. 
 Total compensation and benefits was 53 of our revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Other operating expenses 
 Other operating expenses increased 1.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in occupancy related charges. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Non-Operating Income (Expense) 
 Non-operating income (expense) consisted of the following: For the Three Months Ended September 30, Period-to-Period 2024 2023 (unaudited; in millions) Interest expense (2.2) (2.3) 0.1 (4) Interest income on cash and cash equivalents and other 2.7 2.1 0.6 29 Net investment gain (loss) of consolidated investment products 23.1 9.8 13.3 136 Net gain (loss) on the tax receivable agreements (0.5) 0.5 (1.0) (200) Net investment gain (loss) on nonconsolidated seed investments 3.6 0.2 3.4 1,700 Net investment gain (loss) on nonconsolidated franchise capital investments 8.8 (4.5) 13.3 296 Total non-operating income (expense) 35.5 5.8 29.7 512 
 Net investment gain (loss) of consolidated investment products, net investment gain (loss) on nonconsolidated seed investments, and net investment gain (loss) on franchise capital investments increased 30.0 million in the aggregate for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, predominately due to market conditions. In addition, the increase in interest income on cash and cash equivalents and other increased 0.6 million due to higher cash balances. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes primarily represents APAM s U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on its allocable portion of Holdings income, as well as foreign income taxes payable by Holdings subsidiaries. APAM s effective income tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 19.1 and 16.6 , respectively. Several factors contribute to the effective tax rate, including a rate benefit attributable to the fact that approximately 14 and 16 of Holdings full year projected taxable earnings were not subject to corporate-level taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Thus, income before income taxes includes amounts that are attributable to noncontrolling interests and not taxable to APAM and its subsidiaries, which reduces the effective tax rate. As APAM s equity ownership in Holdings increases, the effective tax rate will likewise increase as more income will be subject to corporate-level taxes. The effective tax rate was favorably impacted in both periods due to tax deductible dividends paid on unvested restricted share-based awards. 
 Earnings Per Share 
 Weighted average basic and diluted shares of Class A common stock outstanding were higher for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of equity award grants. See Note 12, Earnings Per Share in the Notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for discussion of earnings per share. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to Nine months ended September 30, 2023 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Period-to-Period 2024 2023 Statements of operations data: (unaudited; in millions, except share and per share data) Revenues Management fees 814.7 725.9 88.8 12 Performance fees 0.1 0.2 (0.1) (50) Total revenues 814.8 726.1 88.7 12 Operating Expenses Total compensation and benefits 445.7 392.6 53.1 14 Other operating expenses 111.6 106.3 5.3 5 Total operating expenses 557.3 498.9 58.4 12 Total operating income 257.5 227.2 30.3 13 Non-operating income (expense) Interest expense (6.5) (6.5) Other non-operating income (expense) 76.4 50.0 26.4 53 Total non-operating income (expense) 69.9 43.5 26.4 61 Income before income taxes 327.4 270.7 56.7 21 Provision for income taxes 65.3 51.7 13.6 26 Net income before noncontrolling interests 262.1 219.0 43.1 20 Less: Noncontrolling interests - Artisan Partners Holdings 38.9 35.5 3.4 10 Less: Noncontrolling interests - consolidated investment products 33.2 26.0 7.2 28 Net income attributable to Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. 190.0 157.5 32.5 21 Share Data Basic earnings per share 
 2.68 2.27 Diluted earnings per share 
 2.68 2.27 Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding 64,802,431 63,419,587 Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 64,840,056 63,449,804 
 Investment Advisory Revenues 
 The increase in revenues of 88.7 million, or 12 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was driven primarily by a 19.5 billion, or 14 , increase in our average assets under management. The weighted average management fee, which excludes performance fees, was 68.8 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 70.0 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in the weighted average investment management fee was predominantly due to changes in strategy mix. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the investment advisory fees and weighted average management fee earned by investment vehicles. The weighted average management fee for Artisan Funds and Artisan Global Funds reflects the additional services we provide to these pooled vehicles. Separate Accounts and Other (1) 
 Artisan Funds and Artisan Global Funds For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited; dollars in millions) Investment advisory fees 304.4 273.5 510.4 452.6 Weighted average management fee (2) 
 49.7 bps 51.0 bps 88.7 bps 90.3 bps Percentage of ending AUM 52 52 48 48 (1) Separate accounts and other consists of assets we manage in or through vehicles other than Artisan Funds or Artisan Global Funds, including assets we manage in traditional separate accounts, Artisan-branded collective investment trusts and Artisan Private Funds, as well as assets under advisement related to investment models, for which we provide consulting advice but do not have discretionary investment authority. 
 (2) We compute our weighted average management fee by dividing annualized management fees (which excludes performance fees) by average assets under management for the applicable period. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses increased 58.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to a 53.1 million increase in total compensation and benefits and a 5.3 million increase in other operating expenses. 
 Compensation and Benefits For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Period-to-Period 2024 2023 (unaudited; in millions) Salaries, incentive compensation and benefits (1) 
 387.1 350.1 37.0 11 Long-term incentive compensation awards 58.6 42.5 16.1 38 Total compensation and benefits 445.7 392.6 53.1 14 (1) Excluding long-term incentive compensation awards 
 
 The increase in salaries, incentive compensation and benefits was primarily due to a 29.9 million increase in incentive compensation driven by higher revenues as well as a 7.0 million increase in salaries and benefits as a result of increases in the number of full-time associates and salary increases. Long-term incentive compensation costs increased 16.1 million, which includes an 8.0 million increase from market valuation changes and 5.2 million of additional expense from the retirement acceleration feature on 2024 grants. 
 During the first quarter of 2024, the Company s board of directors approved the grant of long-term incentive awards with a grant date fair value of 59.2 million consisting of 20.8 million of restricted share-based awards and 38.4 million of franchise capital awards, to certain employees pursuant to the Company s 2023 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan. Long-term incentive compensation award expense for all awards is expected to be approximately 16 million for the remaining quarter in fiscal 2024, exclusive of the impact of investment returns on franchise capital awards. 
 Total compensation and benefits was 55 and 54 of our revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 Other operating expenses 
 Other operating expenses increased 5.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in travel expense, an increase in third-party distribution expense as a result of an increase in AUM subject to those fees, an increase in occupancy related charges, as well as an increase in information technology costs. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Non-Operating Income (Expense) 
 Non-operating income (expense) consisted of the following: For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Period-to-Period 2024 2023 (unaudited; in millions) Interest expense (6.5) (6.5) Interest income on cash and cash equivalents and other 6.6 3.8 2.8 74 Net gain (loss) on the tax receivable agreements (0.5) 0.5 (1.0) (200) Net investment gain (loss) of consolidated investment products 45.6 38.2 7.4 19 Net investment gain (loss) on nonconsolidated seed investments 6.9 1.4 5.5 393 Net investment gain (loss) on nonconsolidated franchise capital investments 17.8 6.1 11.7 192 Total non-operating income (expense) 69.9 43.5 26.4 61 
 Net investment gain (loss) of consolidated investment products, net investment gain (loss) on nonconsolidated seed investments, and net investment gain (loss) on franchise capital investments increased 24.6 million in the aggregate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, predominately due to market conditions. The increase in interest income on cash and cash equivalents and other increased 2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as a result of higher yields and cash balances. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes primarily represents APAM s U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on its allocable portion of Holdings income, as well as foreign income taxes payable by Holdings subsidiaries. APAM s effective income tax rate was 19.9 and 19.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Several factors contribute to the effective tax rate, including a rate benefit attributable to the fact that approximately 14 and 16 of Holdings full year projected taxable earnings were not subject to corporate-level taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Thus, income before income taxes includes amounts that are attributable to noncontrolling interests and not taxable to APAM and its subsidiaries, which reduces the effective tax rate. As APAM s equity ownership in Holdings increases, the effective tax rate will likewise increase as more income will be subject to corporate-level taxes. The effective tax rate was favorably impacted in both periods due to tax deductible dividends paid on unvested restricted share-based awards. 
 Earnings Per Share 
 Weighted average basic and diluted shares of Class A common stock outstanding were higher for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of Holdings unit exchanges and equity award grants. See Note 12, Earnings Per Share in the Notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for further discussion of earnings per share. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental Non-GAAP Financial Information 
 Our management uses non-GAAP measures (referred to as adjusted measures) of net income to evaluate the profitability and efficiency of the underlying operations of our business and as a factor when considering net income available for distributions and dividends. These adjusted measures remove the impact of (1) net gain (loss) on the tax receivable agreements (if any), (2) compensation expense (reversal) related to market valuation changes in compensation plans, and (3) net investment gain (loss) of investment products. These adjustments also remove the non-operational complexities of our structure by adding back noncontrolling interests and assuming all income of Artisan Partners Holdings is allocated to APAM. Management believes these non-GAAP measures provide more meaningful information to analyze our profitability and efficiency between periods and over time. We have included these non-GAAP measures to provide investors with the same financial metrics used by management to manage the Company. 
 Non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our non-GAAP measures may differ from similar measures used by other companies, even if similar terms are used to identify such measures. Our non-GAAP measures are as follows: 
 Adjusted net income represents net income excluding the impact of (1) net gain (loss) on the tax receivable agreements (if any), (2) compensation expense (reversal) related to market valuation changes in compensation plans, and (3) net investment gain (loss) of investment products. Adjusted net income also reflects income taxes assuming the vesting of all unvested Class A share-based awards and as if all outstanding limited partnership units of Artisan Partners Holdings had been exchanged for Class A common stock of APAM on a one-for-one basis. Assuming full vesting and exchange, all income of Artisan Partners Holdings is treated as if it were allocated to APAM, and the adjusted provision for income taxes represents an estimate of income tax expense at an effective rate reflecting APAM s current federal, state and local income statutory tax rates. The adjusted tax rate was 24.7 for all periods presented. 
 Adjusted net income per adjusted share is calculated by dividing adjusted net income by adjusted shares. The number of adjusted shares is derived by assuming the vesting of all unvested Class A share-based awards and the exchange of all outstanding limited partnership units of Artisan Partners Holdings for Class A common stock of APAM on a one-for-one basis. 
 Adjusted operating income represents the operating income of the consolidated company excluding compensation expense related to market valuation changes in compensation plans. 
 Adjusted operating margin is calculated by dividing adjusted operating income by total revenues. 
 Adjusted EBITDA represents adjusted net income before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense. 
 Net gain (loss) on the tax receivable agreements represents the income (expense) associated with the change in estimate of amounts payable under the tax receivable agreements entered into in connection with APAM s initial public offering and related reorganization. 
 Compensation expense (reversal) related to market valuation changes in compensation plans represents the expense (income) associated with the change in the long-term incentive award liability resulting from investment returns of the underlying investment products. Because the compensation expense impact of the investment market exposure is economically hedged, management believes it is useful to reflect the expected net income offset in the calculation of adjusted operating income, adjusted net income, and adjusted EBITDA. The related investment gain (loss) on the underlying investments is included in the adjustment for net investment gain (loss) of investment products. 
 Net investment gain (loss) of investment products represents the non-operating income (expense) related to the Company s investments, in both consolidated investment products and nonconsolidated investment products, including investments held to economically hedge compensation plans. Excluding these non-operating market gains or losses on investments provides greater transparency to evaluate the profitability and efficiency of the underlying operations of the business. Interest income generated on cash and cash equivalents is considered part of normal operations, and therefore, is not excluded from adjusted net income. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a reconciliation from GAAP financial measures to non-GAAP measures: For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures: (unaudited; in millions, except per share data) Net income attributable to Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (GAAP) 72.9 53.1 190.0 157.5 Add back: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests - Artisan Partners Holdings 
 14.5 11.3 38.9 35.5 Add back: Provision for income taxes 24.6 14.6 65.3 51.7 Add back: Compensation expense (reversal) related to market valuation changes in compensation plans 
 4.6 (1.3) 9.2 1.2 Add back: Net (gain) loss on the tax receivable agreements 0.5 (0.5) 0.5 (0.5) Add back: Net investment (gain) loss of investment products attributable to APAM (18.2) 3.6 (35.5) (19.2) Less: Adjusted provision for income taxes 24.4 20.0 66.3 55.9 Adjusted net income (Non-GAAP) 74.5 60.8 202.1 170.3 Average shares outstanding Class A common shares 65.1 63.5 64.8 63.4 Assumed vesting or exchange of: Unvested Class A restricted share-based awards 5.5 5.7 5.5 5.7 Artisan Partners Holdings units outstanding (noncontrolling interests) 10.4 11.5 10.6 11.5 Adjusted shares 81.0 80.7 80.9 80.6 Basic earnings per share (GAAP) 1.03 0.76 2.68 2.27 Diluted earnings per share (GAAP) 1.03 0.76 2.68 2.27 Adjusted net income per adjusted share (Non-GAAP) 0.92 0.75 2.50 2.11 Operating income (GAAP) 93.2 82.2 257.5 227.2 Add back: Compensation expense (reversal) related to market valuation changes in compensation plans 
 4.6 (1.3) 9.2 1.2 Adjusted operating income (Non-GAAP) 97.8 80.9 266.7 228.4 Operating margin (GAAP) 33.3 33.0 31.6 31.3 Adjusted operating margin (Non-GAAP) 35.0 32.5 32.7 31.5 Net income attributable to Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (GAAP) 72.9 53.1 190.0 157.5 Add back: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests - Artisan Partners Holdings 
 14.5 11.3 38.9 35.5 Add back: Compensation expense (reversal) related to market valuation changes in compensation plans 
 4.6 (1.3) 9.2 1.2 Add back: Net (gain) loss on the tax receivable agreements 0.5 (0.5) 0.5 (0.5) Add back: Net investment (gain) loss of investment products attributable to APAM (18.2) 3.6 (35.5) (19.2) Add back: Interest expense 2.2 2.3 6.5 6.5 Add back: Provision for income taxes 24.6 14.6 65.3 51.7 Add back: Depreciation and amortization 2.5 2.4 7.3 6.9 Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) 103.6 85.5 282.2 239.6 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our working capital needs, including accrued incentive compensation payments, have been and are expected to be met primarily through cash generated by our operations. The assets and liabilities of consolidated investment products attributable to third-party investors do not impact our liquidity and capital resources. We have no right to the benefits from, nor do we bear the risks associated with, the assets and liabilities of consolidated investment products, beyond our direct equity investment and any investment advisory fees earned. Accordingly, assets and liabilities of consolidated investment products attributable to third-party investors are excluded from the amounts and discussions below. The following table shows our liquidity position as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited; in millions) Cash and cash equivalents 253.9 141.0 Accounts receivable 110.0 101.2 Seed investments (1) 
 157.9 150.1 Undrawn commitment on revolving credit facility 100.0 100.0 (1) Seed investments include Artisan s direct equity investments in consolidated and nonconsolidated Artisan-sponsored investment products. The balance excludes 153.7 million of investments made related to long-term incentive compensation plans. 
 
 We manage our cash balances in order to fund our day-to-day operations. We mitigate concentration risk through the diversification of financial institutions holding daily operating cash balances and by investing excess operating cash in various money market funds. 230.9 million of our cash and cash equivalents balance was invested in money market funds as of September 30, 2024. 
 Accounts receivable primarily represent investment advisory fees that have been earned, but not yet received from our clients. We perform a review of our receivables on a monthly basis to assess collectability. As of September 30, 2024, none of our receivables were considered uncollectible. 
 We utilize cash to make seed investments in Artisan-sponsored investment products to support the development of new investment strategies and vehicles. As of September 30, 2024, the balance of all seed investments, including investments in consolidated investment products, was 157.9 million. Subject to certain restrictions on the timing of redemptions, the seed investments are generally redeemable at our discretion. We monitor for opportunities to redeem existing seed investments as sufficient scale in those strategies and vehicles is achieved. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we also made investments of 38.4 million related to funded long-term incentive compensation plans. As of September 30, 2024, the value of investments held in connection with funded long-term incentive compensation plans was 153.7 million. 
 We expect our investment portfolio to continue to grow as we grant additional annual franchise capital awards and make additional seed capital investments in new strategies and vehicles to support our growth. 
 We have 200 million in unsecured notes outstanding and a 100 million revolving credit facility with a five-year term ending in August 2027. The notes are comprised of three series, Series D, Series E and Series F, each with a balloon payment at maturity. The 100 million revolving credit facility was unused as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The fixed interest rate on each series of unsecured notes is subject to a 100 basis point increase in the event Holdings receives a below-investment grade rating and any such increase will continue to apply until an investment grade rating is received. 
 These borrowings contain various covenants. Our failure to comply with any of the covenants could result in an event of default under the agreements, giving our lenders the ability to accelerate repayment of our obligations. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Distributions and Dividends 
 Artisan Partners Holdings distributions, including distributions to APAM for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, were as follows: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (unaudited, in millions) Holdings Partnership Distributions to Limited Partners 13.2 12.9 33.4 30.3 Holdings Partnership Distributions to APAM 84.4 72.4 208.4 169.1 Total Holdings Partnership Distributions 97.6 85.3 241.8 199.4 
 On October 29, 2024, we, acting as the general partner of Artisan Partners Holdings, declared a distribution of 24.6 million, payable by Artisan Partners Holdings to holders of its partnership units, including APAM. 
 APAM declared and paid the following dividends per share during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Type of Dividend Class of Stock For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Quarterly Class A Common 0.71 0.61 2.00 1.66 Special Annual Class A Common 0.34 0.35 
 Our board of directors declared, effective October 29, 2024, a variable quarterly dividend of 0.82 per share of Class A common stock with respect to the September quarter of 2024, payable on November 29, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 15, 2024. The variable quarterly dividend represents approximately 80 of the cash generated in the September quarter of 2024 and a pro-rata portion of 2024 tax savings related to our tax receivable agreements. 
 Subject to Board approval each quarter, we currently expect to pay a quarterly dividend of approximately 80 of the cash the Company generates each quarter. We expect our quarterly cash generation to approximate adjusted net income plus long-term incentive compensation award expense, less cash reserved for future franchise capital awards (which we generally expect will approximate 4 of investment management revenues each quarter) with additional adjustments made for certain other sources and uses of cash, including capital expenditures. After the end of the year, our Board will consider paying a special dividend after determining the amount of cash needed for general corporate purposes and investments in growth and strategic initiatives. Although we expect to pay dividends according to our dividend policy, we may not pay dividends according to our policy or at all. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Tax Receivable Agreements TRAs 
 In addition to funding our normal operations, we will be required to fund amounts payable under the TRAs that we entered into in connection with the IPO, which resulted in the recognition of a 341.4 million liability as of September 30, 2024. The liability generally represents 85 of the tax benefits APAM expects to realize as a result of the merger of an entity into APAM as part of the IPO Reorganization, our purchase of partnership units from limited partners of Holdings and the exchange of partnership units (for shares of Class A common stock or other consideration). The estimated liability assumes no material changes in the relevant tax law and that APAM earns sufficient taxable income to realize all tax benefits subject to the TRAs. An increase or decrease in future tax rates will increase or decrease, respectively, the expected tax benefits APAM would realize and the amounts payable under the TRAs. Changes in the estimate of expected tax benefits APAM would realize and the amounts payable under the TRAs as a result of change in tax rates have been and will be recorded in net income. 
 The liability will increase upon future purchases or exchanges of limited partnership units with the increase representing amounts payable under the TRAs equal to 85 of the estimated future tax benefits, if any, resulting from such purchases or exchanges. We intend to fund the payment of amounts due under the TRAs out of the reduced tax payments that APAM realizes in respect of the tax attributes to which the TRAs relate. 
 The actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under these agreements, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of sales or exchanges by the holders of limited partnership units, the price of the Class A common stock at the time of such sales or exchanges, whether such sales or exchanges are taxable, the amount and timing of the taxable income APAM generates in the future and the tax rate then applicable and the portion of APAM s payments under the TRAs constituting imputed interest or depreciable basis or amortizable basis. In certain cases, payments under the TRAs may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the TRAs. In such cases, we intend to fund those payments with cash on hand, although we may have to borrow funds depending on the amount and timing of the payments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made payments totaling 36.7 million related to the TRAs. We do not intend to make any additional TRA payments in 2024. In 2025, we expect to make payments of approximately 38.9 million related to the TRAs . 
 
 Cash Flows For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (unaudited; in millions) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as of January 1 178.5 143.2 Net cash provided by operating activities 335.7 262.8 Net cash used in investing activities (24.5) (36.5) Net cash used in financing activities (205.9) (134.3) Net impact of deconsolidation of consolidated investment products (4.0) (4.7) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as of September 30 279.8 230.5 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased 72.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the 29.4 million increase in operating income (excluding share based compensation expense), the 29.8 million net increase as a result of activity within the consolidated investment products, and the 14.8 million net increase from changes in working capital. 
 Investing activities consist primarily of acquiring property and equipment, leasehold improvements and the purchase and sale of investment securities. Net cash used in investing activities decreased 12.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in the purchase of investment securities relating to franchise capital awards allocated to non-consolidated investment products, an increase in redemptions of seed investments and franchise capital investments, and a decrease in leasehold improvements in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Financing activities consist primarily of partnership distributions to non-controlling interests, dividend payments to holders of our Class A common stock, payments to purchase Holdings partnership units, and payments of amounts owed under the tax receivable agreements. Net cash used in financing activities increased 71.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 25.6 million increase in dividends paid as well as a 42.0 million decrease in contributions from noncontrolling interests in our consolidated investment products. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company determined that it no longer had a controlling financial interest in an investment product that was previously consolidated. The deconsolidation of the investment product resulted in a 4.0 million decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Certain Contractual Obligations 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to our contractual obligations outside the ordinary course of business from those disclosed in the Liquidity, Capital Resources and Contractual Obligations section and the related notes in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024, except for the changes in the TRA liability during the year. 
 As previously discussed in this report, the TRA liability decreased from 364.0 million at December 31, 2023 to 341.4 million at September 30, 2024. Amounts payable under the TRAs will increase upon exchanges of Holdings units for our Class A common stock or sales of Holdings units to us, with the increase representing 85 of the estimated future tax benefits, if any, resulting from such exchanges or sales and decrease when payments are made. The actual amount and timing of payments associated with our existing payable under the TRAs or future exchanges or sales, and associated tax benefits, will vary depending upon a number of factors as described under Liquidity and Capital Resources. As a result, the timing of payments by period is currently unknown. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made payments of 36.7 million related to the TRAs. We do not intend to make any additional TRA payments in 2024. In 2025, we expect to make payments of approximately 38.9 million related to the TRAs. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 There have been no updates to our critical accounting policies from those disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 New or Revised Accounting Standards 
 None. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 There have been no material changes in our Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk from those previously reported in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) at September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act), during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Part II Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 In the normal course of business, we may be subject to various legal and administrative proceedings. Currently, there are no legal or administrative proceedings that management believes may have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, cash flows or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 For a discussion of related and other potential risks and uncertainties, see the information under the heading Risk Factors in our latest annual report on Form 10-K, which is accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 As described in Note 8, Stockholders Equity , to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Part I of this report, upon termination of employment with Artisan, an employee-partner s Class B common units are exchanged for Class E common units and the corresponding shares of APAM Class B common stock are canceled. APAM issues the former employee-partner a number of shares of APAM Class C common stock equal to the former employee-partner s number of Class E common units. Class E common units are exchangeable for Class A common stock subject to the same restrictions and limitations on exchange applicable to the other common units of Holdings. There were no such issuances during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 (a) None. 
 (b) None. 
 (c) None. 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 31.1 Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 Certification of the Company s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 Certification of the Company s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101 The following Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) documents are collectively included herewith as Exhibit 101: (i) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; (ii) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iii) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iv) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (v) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (vi) the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X 

50 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. 
 Dated: November 1, 2024 
 By: /s/ Eric R. Colson Eric R. Colson Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) /s/ Charles J. Daley, Jr. Charles J. Daley, Jr. Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 apam-ex311x2024x09x30.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Eric R. Colson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Eric R. Colson Eric R. Colson Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 
 Date November 1, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 apam-ex312x2024x09x30.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, Charles J. Daley, Jr., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Charles J. Daley, Jr. Charles J. Daley, Jr. Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 Date November 1, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 apam-ex321x2024x09x30.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Eric R. Colson, the Chief Executive Officer of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-Q ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Eric R. Colson Eric R. Colson Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

Date November 1, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 apam-ex322x2024x09x30.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Charles J. Daley, Jr., the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-Q ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Charles J. Daley, Jr. Charles J. Daley, Jr. Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

Date November 1, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 apam-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 apam-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 apam-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 apam-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 apam-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

