<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1392380_0001392380-24-000040.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11570446</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126314</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1605324</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4252561</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1947696</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3305445</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001392380-24-000040.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107160814
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001392380-24-000040
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gevo, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001392380
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				870747704
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35073
		FILM NUMBER:		241435634

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 INVERNESS DRIVE SOUTH, BUILDING C
		STREET 2:		Suite 310
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-858-8358

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 INVERNESS DRIVE SOUTH, BUILDING C
		STREET 2:		Suite 310
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gevo Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070307

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001392380-24-000040.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 gevo-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 6, 2024, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 GEVO, INC. FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 3 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 7 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 8 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 42 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 42 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 43 Item 1A. Risk Factors 43 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds , and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 44 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 44 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 44 Item 5. Other Information 44 Item 6. Exhibits 45 Signatures 47 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. GEVO, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited, in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash 4 Trade accounts receivable, net Inventories 7 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 5 Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net 8, 20 Restricted cash 4 Operating right-of-use assets 6 Finance right-of-use assets 6 Intangible assets, net 9, 18 Goodwill 18 Deposits and other assets 10 Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 11, 20 Operating lease liabilities 6 Finance lease liabilities 6 Loans payable 12 2021 Bonds payable, net 12 Total current liabilities Remarketed Bonds payable, net 12 Loans payable 12 Operating lease liabilities 6 Finance lease liabilities 6 Other long-term liabilities 18 Total liabilities Stockholders' Equity Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity See the accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 GEVO, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited, in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Note 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total operating revenues 2, 20 Operating expenses: Cost of production 13 Depreciation and amortization 8, 9 Research and development expense 13 General and administrative expense Project development costs 13 Facility idling costs Total operating expenses 13 Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest and investment income 4, 16 Other income, net Total other income, net Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted 3 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 3 See the accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 GEVO, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (Unaudited, in thousands) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Note 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income: Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) See the accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 GEVO, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Unaudited, in thousands, except share amounts) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Common Stock Accumulated Other Accumulated Stockholders Note Shares Amount Paid-In Capital Comprehensive Loss Deficit Equity Balance, June 30, 2024 ) Non-cash stock-based compensation 13 Stock-based awards and related share issuances, net 17 ) ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock 17 ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 17 Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Non-cash stock-based compensation 13 Stock-based awards and related share issuances, net 17 ) Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Common Stock Accumulated Other Accumulated Stockholders Note Shares Amount Paid-In Capital Comprehensive Loss Deficit Equity Balance, December 31, 2023 ) Non-cash stock-based compensation 13 Stock-based awards and related share issuances, net 17 Repurchase of common stock 17 ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 17 Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Non-cash stock-based compensation 13 Stock-based awards and related share issuances, net 17 ) Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) See the accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 GEVO, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited, in thousands) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, Note 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock-based compensation 13 Depreciation and amortization 8, 9 Amortization of marketable securities discount ) Other noncash expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisition: Accounts receivable ) Inventories 7 ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets, deposits and other assets 5, 10 ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and non-current liabilities 11 Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing Activities Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment 8, 20 ) ) Proceeds from sale of investment tax credit 1 Payment of earnest money deposit 10 ) Acquisition of CultivateAI, net 18 ) Proceeds from maturity of marketable securities Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of Remarketed Bonds 12 Extinguishment of 2021 Bonds 12 ) Payment of debt offering costs 12 ) Proceeds from the exercise of warrants 17 Payment of loans payable 12 ) ) Payment of finance lease liabilities 6 ) ) Repurchases of common stock 17 ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Nine Months Ended September 30, Schedule of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 2024 2023 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash (current) Restricted cash (non-current) Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Nine Months Ended September 30, Supplemental disclosures of cash and non-cash investing and financing transactions 2024 2023 Cash paid for interest Non-cash purchase of property, plant and equipment Right-of-use asset purchased with financing leases Right-of-use asset purchased with operating lease See the accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 million gallons per year MGPY of total hydrocarbon volumes, including MGPY of SAF. Along with the hydrocarbons, NZ1 is being currently designed to produce approximately billion pounds per year of high-value protein products for use in the food chain and approximately million pounds per year of corn oil. Our products will be produced in three steps: the first step is milling the corn and the production of protein, oil, and carbohydrates, the second step produces alcohols using fermentation and the third step is the conversion of the alcohols into hydrocarbons. 

 8 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 local dairies. Animal manure can be digested anaerobically to produce biogas, which is then upgraded to pipeline quality gas referred to as RNG. The annual expected capacity for this project was , but has since been expanded to million British thermal units MMBtu ). We sell our RNG to the California market through an agreement with BP Canada Energy Marketing Corp. and BP Products North America Inc. (collectively, BP ). In addition, we generate and sell Low Carbon Fuel Standard LCFS credits as well as D3 Renewable Identification Numbers RINs through the production of RNG (collectively, environmental attributes ). Luverne Facility Gevo s development plant in Luverne, Minnesota (the Luverne Facility ), recorded in the Agri-Energy segment, is currently being used for market development and customer education, but is not currently operating as a production plant. The Luverne Facility was originally constructed in 1998 and is located on approximately acres of land, which contains approximately square feet of building space. Gevo may use the Luverne Facility in the future to prove our processes, process concepts, unit operations and for other purposes to optimize feedstocks and the processes used for producing hydrocarbons from alcohols. Red Trail Energy Asset Purchase Agreement On September 10, 2024, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries Richardton CCS, LLC R-CCS ), and Net-Zero Richardton, LLC (together with the Company and R-CCS, the Buyers entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Red Trail Purchase Agreement with Red Trail Energy, LLC Seller ). Pursuant to the Red Trail Purchase Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions thereof, Buyers will acquire substantially all of the assets, and assume certain liabilities, of Seller on the terms set forth therein (the Transaction ). The purchase price is , subject to customary adjustments, including a working capital adjustment (the Purchase Price ). It is expected that the Purchase Price will be funded by a mixture of Company cash on hand and additional debt financing to be obtained prior to closing. The Transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025, subject to (i) the approval of the Transaction by holders of a majority of the Seller s outstanding Class A Membership Units, (ii) regulatory approvals under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, (iii) the procurement of debt financing by the Buyers on terms satisfactory to the Buyers and (iv) other closing conditions. In connection with the Red Trail Purchase Agreement, the Company and Seller entered into an escrow agreement pursuant to which the Company (i) has deposited in earnest money, see Note 10, Deposits and Other Assets, which will be applied against the Purchase Price, (ii) will deposit of the Purchase Price at closing for the purposes of securing the post-closing indemnification obligations of Seller, and (iii) will deposit of the Purchase Price at closing for purposes of securing any Purchase Price adjustments. In addition, Buyers have obtained a representation and warranty insurance policy to provide coverage for certain breaches of representations and warranties of the Seller, which coverage is subject to certain exclusions, deductibles and other terms and conditions as set forth in the policy. 

 9 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Significant Accounting Policies 

 10 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 million in Investment Tax Credits ITCs to a corporate buyer. This transaction monetized IRA Investment Tax Credits generated from the commercialization of the RNG Project by Gevo NW Iowa RNG, LLC and provided net cash proceeds of approximately million to us after transaction fees. As of September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million as a reduction to Property, plant, and equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and transaction costs of million, included in General and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations, for net proceeds of million related to the monetization of an IRC Code 48 tax credit. USDA Grant In September 2023, we received a grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA through its Partnerships for Climate-Smart Commodities grant for Gevo s Climate-Smart Farm-to-Flight Program (the USDA Grant ). The USDA Grant was awarded for up to million, of which million is anticipated being reimbursed to Gevo from the USDA Grant, contingent on Gevo s spend of up to million and other third-party spend of up to million . The project expects to create critical structural climate-smart market incentives for corn with a low carbon intensity CI score as well as to accelerate the production of SAF to reduce dependency on fossil-based fuels. In addition, this program will help provide support and incentive payments for farmers to produce, measure, report and verify low CI corn using climate smart agricultural practices, as well as accelerate development of the low-CI corn supply chain for low-carbon ethanol and SAF. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred and million, respectively, of costs under the USDA Grant, which are included in Project development costs in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized and million, respectively, of grant reimbursements, as a reduction to Project development costs in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations, which represent reimbursements for prior period costs. The Company expects to be reimbursed for all remaining costs not yet reimbursed by the USDA under the grant in future periods. 

 11 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 variable consideration present in the Company s performance obligations. Consideration for each transaction is based upon quoted market prices at the time of delivery. All material contracts have payment terms of between one to three months and there are no return or refund rights. Licensing and Development Revenue The Company s licensing and development revenue is related to a joint development agreement with LG Chem, Ltd. ("LG Chem") to develop bio-propylene for renewable chemicals using Gevo s Ethanol-to-Olefins ("ETO") technology. As the contractually promised intellectual properties IP are not individually distinct, the Company combined each individual IP noted in the contract into a bundle of IP IP Rights that is distinct and accounted for all of the IP Rights promised in the contract as a single performance obligation. The IP Rights granted were functional IP rights that have significant standalone functionality. The Company s subsequent activities do not substantively change that functionality and do not significantly affect the utility of the IP to which the licensee has rights. The Company has no further obligation with respect to the grant of IP Rights, including no expressed or implied obligation to maintain or upgrade the technology, or provide future support or services. The earnings process is complete when the licensee obtains control of the IP and revenue is recognized upon the achievement of certain project milestones, when collectability is probable and all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. The Company realized million in Q2 2023 when the first milestone was met under the joint development agreement and received another million in Q2 2024 due to the achievement of the second milestone in April 2024. Other Hydrocarbon Revenue The Company recorded limited revenues from its development-scale plant, the Luverne Facility during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. These revenues were promotional in nature and from customer contracts for ethanol sales and related products and hydrocarbon revenues, which included SAF, isooctene, and isooctane. These products were sold mostly on a free-on-board shipping point basis (recognized at a point in time), were independent transactions, did not provide post-sale support or promises to deliver future goods, and were single performance obligations. Environmental attributes Licensing and development revenue Other hydrocarbon revenue - ethanol, isooctane, IBA Total operating revenue 

 12 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)) Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Net loss per share - basic and diluted million consists of amounts held as collateral for letters of credit to provide financing support for the Company s 2021 Bonds (as defined in Note 12, Debt). The Company entered into an irrevocable direct pay letter of credit (the Bond Letter of Credit with Citibank N.A Citibank in April 2021, to support the 2021 Bonds for the development and construction of NW Iowa RNG. See Note 12, Debt, for additional information on the 2021 Bonds. The Bond Letter of Credit has a annual fee and would have expired April 4, 2024 (but was terminated earlier and replaced with the New Bond Letter of Credit on April 1, 2024, as described below). The Company deposited million with Citibank as restricted cash to secure any amounts drawn under the Bond Letter of Credit. In April 2024, Citibank closed the Bond Letter of Credit in connection with the Remarketed Bonds, see below. In September 2022, the Company entered into a Pledge and Assignment agreement with Citibank to provide credit support in the form of a letter of credit (the Power Letter of Credit from Citibank to a local electric utility company in order to induce the utility company to design and construct the power transmission and distribution facilities that will serve NZ1. The Company deposited million of restricted cash in an account with Citibank to collateralize the Power Letter of Credit, which had a annual fee and an expiration date of September 30, 2024 (unless terminated earlier). In January 2024, Citibank was notified by the local electric utility company to close the letter of credit, as the Company has discontinued its relationship with the local utility and fulfilled all obligations under the Power Letter of Credit. 

 13 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 annual fee and expires April 6, 2026 (unless terminated earlier). The Company maintained million of the existing collateral with Citibank as restricted cash to secure any amounts drawn under the New Bond Letter of Credit, with million of the balance as of March 31, 2024, returned to the Company in the second quarter of 2024. As of September 30, 2024, amounts have been drawn under the New Bond Letter of Credit. The Company is entitled to receive interest income on the restricted cash, and recorded interest income of million, million, million, and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, included in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest receivable Prepaid feedstock Other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets operating leases for additional office space in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and San Diego, California, which expire in 2025. The Company s office facility lease contains an option to extend the lease, which management does not reasonably expect to exercise, so they are not included in the length of the terms. The additional office space leases do not contain options to extend. The Company has finance leases for land, for a processing facility, and for a piece of operating equipment. The land leases are for NW Iowa RNG. The Company leases land from dairy farmers on which it has built anaerobic digesters, and a gas upgrade facility to condition raw biogas from cow manure provided by the farmers. These leases expire at various dates between 2031 and 2050 . The Company accounts for lease components separately from non-lease components for the Company s dairy lease asset class. The total consideration in the lease agreement is allocated to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative standalone selling prices. These leases contain options to extend the leases, which management reasonably expects to exercise, and so are included in the length of the terms. The lease of operating equipment is to be used at NW Iowa RNG, and expires in 2025. The lease does not contain an option to extend, and contains a purchase option upon termination that the Company expects to exercise. In August 2024, the Company entered into an amendment that extended the term of an existing agreement to use a third-party processing facility beyond the previous term, which resulted in the agreement being recorded as a lease. The agreement for the leased facility expires in 2025, with option to extend the lease term. Lease amortization for the third-party processing facility was recorded as a component of Project development costs on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations prior to the signing of a customer offtake agreement in August 2024, and after which it is included as a component of work-in-progress inventory, to be expended as a component of Cost of production as sales are made in future periods. 

 14 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases Finance cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term, finance lease (months) Weighted-average remaining lease term, operating leases (months) Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases (1) Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases (1) (1) When our leases do not provide an implicit interest rate, we calculate the lease liability at lease commencement as the present value of unpaid lease payments using our estimated incremental borrowing rate. The incremental borrowing rate represents the rate of interest that we would have to pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over a similar term and is determined using a portfolio approach based on information available at the commencement date of the lease. 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total Less: amounts representing present value discounts Total lease liabilities Less: current portion Non-current portion Finished goods Biofuels Work in process Environmental attributes Biofuels Spare parts Total inventories 

 15 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Plant facilities and infrastructure Machinery and equipment Furniture and office equipment Software Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded depreciation expense of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded depreciation expense of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, million, million, million, and million, respectively, of depreciation expense was recorded into inventory. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, million, million, million, and million, respectively, was recorded to depreciation expense due to sales of inventory. Construction in progress includes million for Gevo, primarily related to the NZ1 project, million for the Agri-Energy segment Agri-Energy related to a fractionation and hydrocarbon skid, and million for NW Iowa RNG at September 30, 2024. Construction in progress includes million for Gevo, primarily related to the NZ1 project, million for Agri-Energy, and million for NW Iowa RNG at December 31, 2023. Construction in progress is not subject to depreciation until the assets are placed into service. ) Defensive assets ) Developed technology Customer-related intangible Trade name Intangible assets ) 

 16 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 ) Defensive assets ) Intangible assets ) The Company recorded amortization expense of million and million for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total intangible assets Prepaid feedstock (2) Equity interest (3) Exclusivity fees (4) Deposits receivable (5) Earnest money deposit (6) Other assets, net (7) Total deposits and other assets 

 (1) Deposits for services. (2) Prepaid feedstock fees, non-current, for the production of RNG. (3) The Company directly holds a int erest in the Series A Preferred Stock of Zero6 Clean Energy Assets, Inc. Zero6 ), formerly Juhl Clean Energy Assets, Inc., which is not a publicly listed entity with a readily determinable fair value. The Company therefore measures the securities at cost. Recent observable equity raises indicated no impairment issues. This ownership interest is also pledged as collateral against future obligations to Rock County Wind Fuel, LLC RCWF ), a Zero6 subsidiary, see Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, for additional information. (4) Axens will provide certain alcohol-to-SAF technologies and services exclusively provided to the Company which may be offset against future license fees subject to the delivery of a process design package. 

 17 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 million of which will be either reimbursed or used as an investment into the wind generation facility, with the remaining million expected to be fully reimbursed upon completion of the project. Gevo has contractual priority liens against the equipment and constructed facilities under the contracts. (6) Earnest money deposited in connection with the announced Red Trail Purchase Agreement, see Note 1, Nature of Business, Financial Condition and Basis of Presentation for additional information. (7) Primarily comprised of pre-operation payments for sand separation systems to process manure feedstock which were allocated to the non-lease fuel supply, being amortized over the life of the project. 
 Accrued liabilities Accrued construction in progress Accrued payroll and related benefits Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities of its non-recourse Solid Waste Facility Revenue Bonds (Gevo NW Iowa RNG, LLC Renewable Natural Gas Project), Series 2021 (Green Bonds) (the 2021 Bonds for NW Iowa RNG. The bond proceeds were used as a source of construction financing alongside equity from the Company. The 2021 Bonds were issued under a Trust Indenture dated April 1, 2021 (the Indenture between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A. as trustee (the Trustee ). The 2021 Bonds had a maturity date of January 1, 2042. The bonds bore interest at per annum during the Initial Term Rate Period (as defined in the Indenture), payable semi-annually on January 1 and July 1 of each year. The effective interest rate was . The 2021 Bonds were supported by the million Bond Letter of Credit; see Note 4, Restricted Cash. The Trustee could draw sufficient amounts on the Bond Letter of Credit to pay the principal and interest until the first mandatory tender date of April 1, 2024. The 2021 Bonds were callable and re-marketable on or after October 1, 2022. The 2021 Bonds were issued at a premium of million and debt issuance costs were million. The bond debt was classified as current debt and is presented net of the premium and issuance costs, which were being amortized over the life of the 2021 Bonds using the interest method. As of December 31, 2023, the premium balance and the debt issuance cost net of amortization were million and million, respectively. As of the Conversion Date (defined below) all premiums and debt issuance costs were fully amortized. 2024 Bond Remarketing On April 1, 2024 (the Conversion Date ), the 2021 Bonds became subject to mandatory tender for purchase and have been remarketed to bear interest in a new term rate period (the Remarketed Bonds ). In connection with the conversion and remarketing of the 2021 Bonds on the Conversion Date, the original Indenture was amended by a First Supplemental Indenture dated April 1, 2024 (together with the original Indenture the First Supplemental Indenture, between the Issuer and the Trustee. The original bond financing agreement was amended by a First Supplemental Bond Financing Agreement dated April 1, 2024 (together with the original bond financing Agreement, the First Supplemental Bond Financing Agreement between the Issuer and the Company. 

 18 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 per annum during the Initial Term Rate Period (as defined in the Indenture), payable semi-annually. The effective interest rate is . The Company incurred million of debt issuance costs associated with the remarketing. As of September 30, 2024, debt issuance costs net of amortization were million. The Remarketed Bonds are supported by a million New Bond Letter of Credit; see Note 4, Restricted Cash, issued to the incumbent Trustee that can draw sufficient amounts on the New Bond Letter of Credit to pay the principal and interest, in case of default, until the first mandatory tender date of April 1, 2026. The Remarketed Bonds are callable and re-marketable on or after November 1, 2024. If the Remarketed Bonds have not been called and re-marketed by the first mandatory tender date, the Trustee may draw on the New Bond Letter of Credit to repay the bonds in their entirety at the purchase price. As of September 30, 2024, amounts have been drawn under the New Bond Letter of Credit. Loans Payable In April 2020, the Company entered into loan agreements with Live Oak Banking Company, pursuant to which the Company obtained loans from the Small Business Administration s Paycheck Protection Program SBA PPP totaling million (the SBA Loans ). In April 2021, the balance of million of loans and accrued interest obtained through the SBA PPP were forgiven. The remaining SBA Loan totals million, bears interest at per annum and matures in April 2025. Monthly payments of , including interest, began on June 5, 2021, and are payable through April 2025. April 2042 SBA Loans April 2025 Equipment to December 2024 Total debt Less: unamortized costs ) ) Total debt, net Less: current portion ) ) Total non-current debt 2025 2026 Total debt 

 19 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 shares. At September 30, 2024, shares were available for future issuance under the 2010 Plan. Stock-based compensation expense . The Company records stock-based compensation expense during the requisite service period for share-based payment awards granted to employees and non-employees. General and administrative Other operating expenses ) Total stock-based compensation Stock option award activity . Granted Forfeited and expired ) Exercised Options outstanding at September 30, 2024 Options vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 

 (1) Exercise price of options outstanding ranges from to as of September 30, 2024 . The higher end of the range is due to the impact of several reverse stock splits during the years 2015 to 2018. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the total unrecognized compensation expense, net of actual forfeitures and expirations, relating to stock options was million, which is expected to be expensed over the remaining weighted-average recognition period of approximately years. Restricted stock . 

 20 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Granted Vested and issued ) Forfeited and expired ) Non-vested at September 30, 2024 As of September 30, 2024, the total unrecognized compensation expense, net of actual forfeitures and expirations, relating to restricted stock awards was million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of approximately years. provision for income taxes was recorded and all related deferred tax assets are fully reserved. We continue to assess the impact of our deferred tax assets as they relate to income taxes. Our effective tax rate from continuing operations was for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. The rate differs from the U.S. Federal statutory tax rate of due to a full valuation allowance. t have any liabilities associated with indemnities. In addition, the Company indemnifies its officers and directors for certain events or occurrences, subject to certain limitations. The duration of these indemnifications, commitments, and guarantees varies and, in certain cases, is indefinite. The maximum amount of potential future indemnification is unlimited; however, the Company has a director and officer insurance policy that may enable it to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company accrues losses for any known contingent liability, including those that may arise from indemnification provisions, when future payment is probable. such losses have been recorded to date. 

 21 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 environmental liabilities have been recorded as of September 30, 2024. Fuel Supply Commitment. The Company has long-term fuel supply contracts to source feedstock for our anaerobic digesters at the NW Iowa RNG project. These contracts provide an annual amount of feedstock to be used in the production of RNG. Zero6 Commitments. In September 2022, the Company entered into a development agreement with Zero6 to construct and operate a wind project for the provision of electric energy for NZ1. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company has committed to pay Zero6 total development charges of million, comprised of advanced development fee payments of million and million upon completion of the project, in addition to certain reimbursable costs of million. The Company is not contractually obligated for the specified development charges until certain milestones are met in future periods, and upon completion of the project. Further, the Company has committed to fund certain discretionary, budgeted costs associated with long lead equipment and engineering services for NZ1, totaling an estimated million. The amount is expected to be fully reimbursed upon completion of the project. Gevo has priority liens against the equipment and constructed facilities under the contracts. See Note 19 below for further information. Additionally, the Company s investment in Zero6, see Note 10 above, is pledged separately as collateral for commitments for the purchase of wind electricity for the Luverne Facility, as well as the purchase of of RCWF s renewable energy credits. Gevo has a commitment to purchase all of RCWF s electricity. The portion not used by the Luverne Facility is charged to the Company at a lower price. Zero6 Commitment Renewable Energy Credits Electricity Above Use (Est.) Total 

 22 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Significant Markets for Other Significant Fair Value at Identical Observable Unobservable December 31, Assets Inputs Inputs 2023 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Cash and cash equivalents (1) 

 (1) Cash and cash equivalents includes million and million invested in U.S. government money market funds as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company had no transfers of assets or liabilities between fair value hierarchy levels between December 31, 2023, and September 30, 2024. For the Remarketed Bonds, the fair values are estimated using the Black-Derman-Toy interest rate lattice framework. The effective maturity of the Remarketed Bonds was assumed to be April 1, 2026 from issuance) with repayment of of principal on that date. The impact of the Company s optional redemption feature, effective November 1, 2024, is appropriately captured by the Black-Derman-Toy interest rate lattice. million of the registrant s common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, depositary shares, warrants, purchase contracts and units and an at-the-market offering prospectus supplement covering the offering, issuance and sale by the Company of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of million of common stock that may be issued and sold under an at-the-market-offering agreement . 

 23 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 million of common stock under the at-the-market offering program. Registered Direct Offering In June 2022, the Company completed a registered direct offering (the June 2022 Offering of an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share, accompanied by Series 2022-A warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock (each, a Series 2022-A Warrant pursuant to a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors. The Series 2022-A Warrants are exercisable for a term of from the date of issuance at an exercise price of per share. As of September 30, 2024, of the Series 2022-A Warrants had been exercised. The net proceeds to the Company from the June 2022 Offering were million, after deducting placement agent s fees, advisory fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company, and assuming none of the Series 2022-A Warrants issued in the June 2022 Offering are exercised for cash. Stock Repurchase Program On May 30, 2023, the Company authorized a stock repurchase program, under which it may repurchase up to million of its common stock. The primary goal of the repurchase program is to allow the Company to opportunistically repurchase shares, while maintaining the Company s ability to fund its development projects. Under the stock repurchase program, the Company may repurchase shares from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The timing, volume and nature of stock repurchases, if any, will be in the Company s sole discretion and will be dependent on market conditions, applicable securities laws, and other factors. The stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time by the Company and does not have an expiration date. The Company repurchased million and million shares of common stock for million and million under the stock repurchase program during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Shares were repurchased at market value, and were retired immediately upon repurchase. The Company did t repurchase any shares during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, approximately million remained available under the stock repurchase program. Warrants In addition to the Series 2022-A Warrants, the Company has warrants outstanding that were issued in conjunction with a registered direct offering in August 2020 (the Series 2020-A Warrants ). The Company evaluated the Series 2022-A Warrants and Series 2020-A Warrants for liability or equity classification and determined that equity treatment was appropriate because both the Series 2022-A Warrants and Series 2020-A Warrants do not meet the definition of liability instruments. The Series 2022-A Warrants and Series 2020-A Warrants are classified as a component of equity because they are freestanding financial instruments that are legally detachable and separately exercisable from the shares of common stock with which they were issued, are immediately exercisable and will expire from the date of issuance, do not embody an obligation for the Company to repurchase its shares, and permit the holders to receive a fixed number of shares of common stock upon exercise. In addition, the Series 2022-A Warrants and Series 2020-A Warrants do not provide any guarantee of value or return. 

 24 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Series 2022-A Warrants (1) 6/8/2022 6/7/2027 Total Warrants 

 (1) Equity-classified warrants. 
 million. Included in the total consideration is cash consideration of million and estimated contingent consideration totaling million (the Cultivate Earn-out liability ), for which the Company may be required to pay additional cash consideration contingent on future net profit-based performance targets between the closing date and the fourth anniversary of the closing date, up to a maximum of million. As of the Cultivate Acquisition Date, the fair value of the Cultivate Earn-out liability was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation approach, and is considered a Level 3 fair value measurement. As of September 30, 2024, the Cultivate Earn-out liability s fair value of million is reported within the Other long-term liabilities line item in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value will be remeasured at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, with changes in the fair value of the Cultivate Earn-out Liability recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 25 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Earn-out consideration Total purchase consideration transferred The Company incurred approximately million of direct acquisition-related expenditures, which are recognized in General and administrative expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets Goodwill Other assets Total assets acquired Current liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed The purchase price allocation is preliminary and subject to change during the measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the Cultivate Acquisition Date. When the valuation is final, changes to the valuation of acquired assets and liabilities could result in adjustments to identified intangibles and goodwill. Fair Value of Net Assets Acquired and Intangibles The assets and liabilities were recorded at their respective fair values as of September 25, 2024. The Company developed the fair value of intangible assets, which includes developed technology, a customer-related intangible, and trade names, using various techniques including the relief from royalty method and multi-period excess earnings method. For all other major assets and liabilities acquired, the Company determined that book value approximated fair value. Goodwill represents the future economic benefits that the Company expects to achieve as a result of the acquisition of the human capital and assets acquired. The goodwill resulting from this acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The fair value of net assets acquired, intangibles, and goodwill, was assigned to the Company s Gevo segment. Customer-related intangible Trade names Total intangible assets 

 26 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 gain or loss recognized as a result of the deconsolidation of the Project LLCs. We have recognized million in Deposits and other assets related to advances made to the Project LLCs which are reimbursable upon the achievement or failure to achieve certain milestones. Such amounts represent our maximum exposure to loss as a result of our involvement with the Project LLCs. reportable segments: (i) Gevo segment; (ii) Agri-Energy segment; and (iii) Renewable Natural Gas segment. Transactions between segments are eliminated in consolidation. Gevo segment . The Gevo segment is responsible for all research and development activities related to the future production of SAF, commercial opportunities for other renewable hydrocarbon products, such as hydrocarbons for gasoline blendstocks and diesel fuel; ingredients for the chemical industry, such as ethylene and butenes; plastics and materials; and other chemicals. The Gevo segment also develops, maintains and protects its intellectual property portfolio, provides corporate oversight services, and is responsible for development and construction of our Net-Zero Projects and other preliminary stage projects. Agri-Energy segment . The Agri-Energy segment is currently responsible for the operation of the Company s Luverne Facility. Renewable Natural Gas segment . The Renewable Natural Gas segment produces pipeline quality methane gas captured from dairy cow manure. 

 27 

Table of Contents GEVO, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Acquisitions of property, plant, and equipment ) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Renewable Gevo Agri-Energy Natural Gas Consolidated Revenues Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Acquisitions of patents, plant, property and equipment 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Renewable Gevo Agri-Energy Natural Gas Consolidated Revenues Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Acquisitions of property, plant, and equipment 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Renewable Gevo Agri-Energy Natural Gas Consolidated Revenues Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Acquisitions of property, plant, and equipment 

September 30, 2024 Renewable Gevo Agri-Energy Natural Gas Consolidated Total assets 

December 31, 2023 Renewable Gevo Agri-Energy Natural Gas Consolidated Total assets 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). When used anywhere in this Report, the words expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, intend, plan and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial or operational performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial or operational performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements about: our financial condition, our results of operation and liquidity, our ability to finance, develop, and construct our Net-Zero Projects (as defined below), as well as other growth projects, our ability to produce our products, our expectations regarding the demand for our products and our ability to meet such demand, our ability to meet production, financial and operational guidance, our ability to generate revenue from our executed contracts, our strategy to pursue low-carbon or net-zero carbon renewable fuels for sale into California and elsewhere, our ability to replace our fossil-based energy sources with renewable energy sources at our Net-Zero Projects and elsewhere, our expectations regarding the location and start-up date for our initial Net-Zero Project, our expectations regarding our ability to produce renewable liquid hydrocarbons, our expectations regarding our ability to produce protein and other products for use in the food chain, our ability and plans to construct greenfield commercial hydrocarbon facilities to produce sustainable aviation fuel SAF and other products, our ability to raise additional funds to finance our business and the sources of those funds, our ability to perform under our existing offtake agreements and other sales agreements we may enter into in the future, our acquisition strategy and, if completed, the potential success and financial contributions of proposed acquisitions, our ability to successfully operate our renewable natural gas RNG facilities in Iowa, our ability to produce renewable hydrocarbon products at a commercial level and at a profit, the availability of, and market prices for, government economic incentives to the renewable energy market, achievement of advances in our technology platform, the availability of suitable and cost-competitive feedstocks, our ability to gain market acceptance for our products, our expectations regarding the demand for carbon credits, the expected cost-competitiveness and relative performance attributes of our products, our strategy to pursue alcohol-to-SAF development and production, additional competition and changes in economic conditions and the future price and volatility of petroleum and products derived from petroleum. Important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated or implied by forward-looking statements such as those contained in documents we have filed with the United States U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including this Report in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (our 2023 Annual Report ), including Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2023 Annual Report and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q. All forward-looking statements in this Report are qualified entirely by the cautionary statements included in this Report and such other filings. These risks and uncertainties or other important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from results expressed or implied by forward-looking statements contained in this Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report. We undertake no intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, and readers should not rely on the forward-looking statements as representing the Company s views as of any date subsequent to the date of the filing of this Report. Unless the context requires otherwise, in this Report the terms Gevo , we, us, our and the Company refer to Gevo, Inc. and its wholly owned, direct and indirect subsidiaries. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Report. Readers are also urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us which attempt to advise interested parties of the factors which affect our business, including, without limitation, the disclosures in our 2023 Annual Report. 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 Company Overview We are a growth-oriented carbon abatement company that focuses on hard to decarbonize market sectors such as jet fuel, certain specialty fuels, on-road fuels, chemicals and materials, and certain products for the food chain such as protein and feeds made as co-products from our processes. Each of the market areas in which Gevo focuses have in common the need for carbon-based products and are not conducive to full electrification or hydrogen. We produce and sell renewable, drop-in products for these sectors, and generate carbon abatement value through our plant design and business systems. Carbon abatement value can be valorized via Renewable Identification Numbers RINs ), state credits, Inflation Reduction Act IRA tax credits, and the value of Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions for end customers. Gevo is primarily a project development, investment, and technology company, which also holds certain operating assets with the intent of generating cash flow. Our primary market focus, given the large demand and growing customer interest, is net-zero hydrocarbon fuels, including SAF. We believe that SAF produced from a carbohydrate-to-alcohol process is the most economically viable approach to generate value from carbon abatement. We also have commercial opportunities for other renewable hydrocarbon products, such as RNG; hydrocarbons for gasoline and racing fuel blendstocks and diesel fuel; ingredients for the chemical industry, such as ethylene and butenes for plastics and materials; and other chemicals. Global fuel consumption by commercial airlines continues to grow, with jet fuel consumption expected to rise from approximately 92 to 99 billion gallons from 2023 to 2024, respectively. To serve these markets, we are developing commercial projects for converting renewable energy into energy-dense, liquid hydrocarbons that can be used as renewable fuels, such as SAF, with the potential to achieve a net-zero greenhouse gas GHG footprint. We believe that this addresses the global need of reducing GHG emissions with drop in sustainable alternatives to petroleum fuels. We use the Argonne National Laboratory s Greenhouse gases, Regulated Emissions, and Energy use in Transportation model (the GREET Model to measure, predict and verify GHG emissions across the life cycle of our products. The net-zero concept means Gevo expects that by using sustainably grown feedstock (e.g., low till, no-till cultivation) and renewable and substantially decarbonized energy sources, drop-in hydrocarbon fuels can be produced that have a net-zero, full life cycle footprint measured from the capture of renewable carbon through the burning of the fuel. This is because such feedstocks come from crops, which take carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere and convert it into biomass through photosynthesis. This yields vital amino acid nutrients, or protein, that must be consumed in order to sustain humans and animals, as well as vegetable oil and carbohydrates, or sugar. The plant sugar may be fermented with microorganisms to produce a clean alcohol suitable for industrial scale chemical processing into hydrocarbons. Given the overabundance of plant-derived sugar, the growing unmet demand for drop-in, renewable hydrocarbons such as SAF, and the availability of demonstrated industrial-scale technologies that can convert plant sugars to alcohols and then to hydrocarbons, we view our project as first movers in an attractive, scalable new industry connecting this overabundance of plant sugar to unmet demand for products such as SAF. Project Updates Net-Zero Projects. Our concept of Net-Zero Projects is a series of planned facilities to produce energy dense liquid hydrocarbons using renewable energy and our proprietary technology. Our initial Net-Zero Project, Net-Zero 1 NZ1 ), is expected to be located in Lake Preston, South Dakota, and is being currently designed to produce approximately 65 million gallons per year MGPY of total hydrocarbon volumes, including 60 MGPY of SAF, which would fulfill part of our approximately 350 MGPY of SAF and hydrocarbon supply agreements. The liquid hydrocarbons, when burned, are expected to have a net-zero GHG footprint. Along with the hydrocarbons, NZ1 is expected to produce approximately 1.3 billion pounds per year of high-value protein products for use in the food chain and approximately 30 million pounds per year of corn oil. Our products will be produced in three steps: the first step is milling the corn to produce the carbohydrates needed for the production of SAF while simultaneously enabling the production of protein and oil; the second step produces alcohols using carbohydrate-based fermentation; and the third step is the conversion of the alcohols into hydrocarbons. We work with several technology, design and equipment partners, most notably Fluid Quip Technologies FQT ), Axens North America, Inc. Axens ), and PRAJ Industries Limited Praj . FQT and Axens provide area operation designs which have been incorporated into Gevo s proprietary overall design of low carbon intensity CI carbohydrate-to-hydrocarbon plants, such as our NZ1 plant. Praj is working with us on the proprietary design and construction of prefabricated process modules for our plants. Our partners are working with us on proprietary process designs that have the potential to lower capital and future operating costs. The advantage of utilizing FQT and Axens for our operation and related process designs, which are proven in other applications, is that we believe we have chosen technology which is substantially de-risked. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 We have substantially completed the engineering design on our NZ1 project and are proceeding with detailed engineering and modularization design. We are refining the project cost estimates with engineering, procurement, and construction EPC partners to identify opportunities to reduce and negotiate the cost. After which, we expect to sign a lump-sum, fixed price agreement for the EPC to build and deliver the plant. The current detailed engineering work is focused on increasing the modularization of component parts on the NZ1 plant design, with the goal to build the process equipment into modules at a factory, then assemble onsite. This will enable us to minimize specialized field work typical in plant construction of this type, lower the risk and costs, as well as provide better access to skilled labor. Increasing the modularization of the plant design is expected to reduce our spend in advance of securing third-party equity and debt financing for NZ1 and increase the certainty of the construction schedule for those counterparties. We currently expect to finance the construction of NZ1 at the subsidiary level using a combination of Company equity, third-party capital, and non-recourse debt. The Company previously projected a range of 90.0 125.0 million to be spent on NZ1 between January 2024 and the financial close of NZ1. Year to date 2024, the Company spent 32.3 million and expects the remaining spend until the financial close of NZ1 to fall below the previously estimated range. Cash distributions from future NZ1 earnings would be proportionate to Gevo s ownership in NZ1 under this expected financing structure. The use of project debt and third-party equity allows us to conserve capital for use on other growth projects. We expect to apply similar development and financing strategies to future Net-Zero Projects to grow our SAF production to meet the demand for SAF. In order to achieve full construction financing for NZ1, we need to secure third-party equity and debt. Upon receiving an invitation from the U.S. Department of Energy DOE ), we submitted a Part II Application for a DOE loan guarantee for a direct lending from the Federal Financing Bank. In August 2023, Gevo was invited to enter the due diligence and underwriting phases with the DOE. Given the current interest rate environment and general macroeconomic conditions, a DOE-guaranteed loan is expected to be our most attractive debt option and offer the lowest cost of debt for the project. We expect that obtaining a DOE-guaranteed loan will have the benefit of reducing the overall amount of equity required to finance NZ1 and should result in higher project equity returns for investors which should increase the likelihood of Gevo successfully financing NZ1. On October 16th, 2024, NZ1 reached a critical milestone of receiving conditional commitment from the DOE for a loan guarantee facility with a capacity of 1.6 billion (including capitalized interest during construction). This milestone is significant as it helps to validate NZ1 s integrity, which is underpinned by the DOE s diligence process. The focus is now on negotiating and closing this DOE loan and our project level equity financing as quickly as possible. We expect that our NZ1 plant start-up date will occur approximately thirty-six months after the NZ1 financing closes, the timing of which is uncertain. We are also working to secure access to carbon capture and sequestration at the site. We are evaluating and performing early site development work at several sites in the U.S. for other greenfield sites. These sites include several locations that are particularly advantageous in terms of potential economics, opportunities to decarbonize, and time to market. In addition, we are pursuing potential Net-Zero Projects with several existing ethanol plant sites. Existing ethanol plants need to be decarbonized with renewable energy or de-fossilized energy and/or carbon sequestration. Gevo has developed a preferred list of potential partners and sites with decarbonization in mind and is engaged in preliminary feasibility and development discussions with several of these potential partners. We plan to give priority to existing industrial plant sites that have attractive potential economics and high predictability of timeline for decarbonization. Red Trail Energy Asset Purchase Agreement. On September 10, 2024, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries Richardton CCS, LLC R-CCS ), and Net-Zero Richardton, LLC (together with the Company and R-CCS, the Buyers entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Red Trail Purchase Agreement with Red Trail Energy, LLC, a North Dakota limited liability company Seller ). Pursuant to the Red Trail Purchase Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions thereof, Buyers will acquire substantially all of the assets, and assume certain liabilities, of Seller on the terms set forth therein (the Transaction ). The purchase price is 210,000,000, subject to customary adjustments, including a working capital adjustment (the Purchase Price ). It is expected that the Purchase Price will be funded by a mixture of Company cash on hand and additional debt financing to be obtained prior to closing. The Transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025, subject to (i) the approval of the Transaction by holders of a majority of the Seller s outstanding Class A Membership Units, (ii) regulatory approvals under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, (iii) the procurement of debt financing by the Buyers on terms satisfactory to the Buyers and (iv) other closing conditions. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 In connection with the Red Trail Purchase Agreement, the Company and Seller entered into an escrow agreement pursuant to which the Company (i) has deposited 10,000,000 in earnest money, see Note 10, Deposits and Other Assets, which will be applied against the Purchase Price, (ii) will deposit 1,260,000 of the Purchase Price at closing for the purposes of securing the post-closing indemnification obligations of Seller, and (iii) will deposit 5,000,000 of the Purchase Price at closing for purposes of securing any Purchase Price adjustments. In addition, Buyers obtained a representation and warranty insurance policy to provide coverage for certain breaches of representations and warranties of the Seller, which coverage is subject to certain exclusions, deductibles and other terms and conditions as set forth in the policy. Renewable Natural Gas Project. The RNG project in Northwest Iowa (the RNG Project started up and began producing and injecting initial volumes of biogas in 2022, during the project s testing and ramp-up period. In 2023, the project achieved stable production levels and surpassed our annual production target of 310,000 million British thermal units MMBtu ). In addition, we completed an expansion to the RNG Project to increase its annual expected output from 355,000 MMBtu to 400,000 MMBtu. Further increased production is intended through debottlenecking to achieve 500,000 MMBtu Gevo s revenue primarily stems from the RNG Project s sales of the environmental attributes associated with RNG. These include attributes available from California s Low Carbon Fuel Standard LCFS program and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA Renewable Fuels Standard RFS program RFS Program to receive renewable identification numbers RINs ). Gevo was granted registration approval by the EPA in 2022, allowing us to participate in the RFS Program to receive RINs. We currently operate under a temporary pathway from California s LCFS program, which we received during the first quarter of 2023. We continue to realize sales for our environmental attributes under the temporary pathway for LCFS credits and RINs in 2024 . Verity. Verity Holdings, LLC Verity ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Gevo, Inc., is at the forefront of creating the ability to track, verify, and empirically value carbon intensity across the full carbon lifecycle. Verity provides end-to-end carbon accounting via a proprietary digital measure, report and verify MRV platform. This platform specializes in carbon accounting and services aimed at maximizing the value of environmental benefits throughout the entire business system. Verity's comprehensive approach includes regulatory analysis, strategy development, life cycle analysis, compliance management, audit readiness, carbon marketing, utilization and retirement services, and trading/marketing for Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions. By integrating advanced technological capabilities, Verity supports Gevo's mission of converting renewable energy and biogenic carbon into sustainable fuels and chemicals with a net zero or better carbon footprint. Key Verity project highlights include: Development began in 2020 as a value-added service for our SAF production; Three ethanol producer customers contracted, and growing; Current customers comprise 2 of the total U.S. ethanol market or more than 300 million gallons per year; 100 farmer retention in the grower program comprising 76,000 acres and growing; Initiated our first privately sponsored growers program for a biofuel client in the midwestern U.S.; and Capital light, fee-based, industry agnostic business. 
 Customers . In March 2023, we entered into a joint development framework agreement with Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy; in August 2023, we entered into a joint development framework agreement with a second ethanol producer in the midwestern U.S. that has over 100 million gallons of capacity; and in October 2023, we entered into an agreement with a third ethanol producer in the southwestern U.S. These agreements include commercial terms and profit-sharing frameworks. As we grow Verity as an externally facing business, we are working to sign up additional ethanol and biofuel customers. Each of these agreements will focus on implementing Verity technology and developing the market for carbon credits to help farmers and biofuel producers quantify the CI reductions for their products. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 Acquisition of CultivateAI . In the third quarter of 2024, Gevo acquired Cultivate Agricultural Intelligence, LLC CultivateAI ), a leading provider of agricultural data through a cloud-based, mobile software as a service SaaS platform. Gevo plans to fold CultivateAI into Verity to accelerate Verity s business development and growth. CultivateAI is a proven business with expected 2024 revenue of 1.7 million and corresponding positive cash flow. The business provides agricultural data to clients through a SaaS platform, leveraging high-resolution drone and satellite technology. This process begins by capturing detailed imagery of an agricultural operation. CultivateAI uses that information to build missing GIS maps and create a digital agricultural inventory, including facilities, assets, and crops. This comprehensive digital inventory generates quantifiable insights that help customers improve management practices and overall performance. CultivateAI has several key partnerships that we believe will continue to help streamline high-quality data collection for customers as part of the Verity platform. These include: 1. CultivateAI's integration with John Deere Operations Center , which enables automatic downloads of field boundaries and operation maps into a CultivateAI data silo, so there is no need to manually transfer or enter customer data. Then, the CultivateAI software platform aggregates and cleans volumes of machine sensor data. The result is planting, application, harvest and tillage maps assigned to the correct field by GPS location that is used in automated seed, chemical and nutrient product performance summaries. Customers can view summaries for an entire operation, or all the way down to smaller management zones or test plots within fields, enabling convenient, unbiased, data-driven insights of products. 2. CultivateAI is a certified Wingtra Dealer serving the Precision Agriculture Market in the U.S. The team utilizes Wingtra drones in its own commercial drone collection operations and has vast experience with multispectral sensors for agriculture asset management and vegetation health sensing. The Wingtra system, paired with CultivateAI software, enables quick drone imagery capture and automated insights displayed in cloud based software. 
 Gevo expects to combine CultivateAI s digital drone and satellite-based agriculture data and analytics platform with Verity s carbon accounting and tracking solutions. We believe this combination will provide the most comprehensive, highest quality, data-driven solutions for carbon abatement in food, feed, fuels, and industrial markets, while simultaneously helping farmers improve their operations, sustainability, and profitability. CultivateAI and Verity offer a cloud-based, mobile SaaS platform that helps farm operators, agronomists, ag-service providers, and researchers make informed, data-driven decisions with real-time analytics. U.S. Department of Agriculture. In September 2023, we received a grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA through its Partnerships for Climate-Smart Commodities grant for Gevo s Climate-Smart Farm-to-Flight Program (the USDA Grant ). The USDA Grant was awarded for up to 46.3 million, of which 30.0 million is anticipated being reimbursed to Gevo from the USDA Grant, contingent on Gevo s spend of up to 43.3 million and other third-party spend of up to 3.0 million. The project expects to create critical structural climate-smart market incentives for corn with a low carbon intensity CI score as well as to accelerate the production of SAF to reduce dependency on fossil-based fuels. In addition, this program will help provide support and incentive payments for farmers to produce, measure, report and verify low CI corn using climate smart agricultural practices, as well as accelerate development of the low-CI corn supply chain for low-carbon ethanol and SAF. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred 1.1 million and 4.6 million of costs under the USDA Grant, which are included in Project development costs in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized 1.5 million and 3.5 million of amounts received, included in Project development costs in the Consolidated Statement of Operations, which represent reimbursements for prior periods. The Company expects to be reimbursed for all expended eligible costs not yet reimbursed by the USDA Grant in future periods. Ethanol to Olefins and the LG Chem Agreement. In April 2023, we entered into a joint development agreement with LG Chem, Ltd. LG Chem a leading global chemical company to develop bio-propylene for renewable chemicals using our Ethanol-to-Olefins ETO technology. Gevo s proprietary ETO technology can target carbon neutral or carbon negative drop-in replacements for traditional petroleum-based building blocks called olefins, including bio-propylene, which can be used for renewable chemicals or fuels including sustainable aviation fuel. These plant-based, renewable olefins would be derived from atmospheric CO2 captured through photosynthesis and are expected to deliver the same performance in final products on the market today. The market opportunities for these building blocks include low-carbon polypropylene, polyethylene and similar chemical products whose market size for low-carbon solutions is 400.0 500.0 billion. We also believe ETO will reduce the capital and operating cost in future alcohol-to-jet SAF production facilities. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 Under the terms of the agreement with LG Chem, we will provide the core enabling technology we have developed for renewable olefins to be produced from low-carbon ethanol and will collaborate with LG Chem to accelerate the pilot research, technical scale-up, and commercialization of bio-propylene. LG Chem is expected to bear all scale-up costs for chemicals and make certain payments to Gevo. In the second quarter of 2023, we received 1.1 million, which is net of foreign taxes withheld of 0.2 million, and in the second quarter of 2024 received 0.7 million, which is net of foreign taxes withheld of 0.1 million. We expect to receive an additional 0.4 million through 2025 to help defray costs associated with the joint development efforts. In addition, LG Chem agreed to make certain payments to us upon commencement of commercialization as follows: 5.0 million upon commencement of commercialization, to be paid ratably over a period of five years. 1 royalty on net sales for the first production facility beginning six years from commercial operation. 1 royalty on net sales for all subsequent production facilities upon commencement of operations. 
 We also achieved the following recent milestones on our ETO technology: In the first quarter of 2024, we successfully launched an ETO pilot plant at a third-party facility in Crosby, Texas, which continued to operate successfully in Q2 and has delivered the results required to move to the next phase of scale-up in our agreement with LG Chem. We achieved the second milestone under the joint development agreement with LG Chem in April 2024. As a result, we have received, project-to-date, 2.1 million in payments under the agreement. In the third quarter of 2024, we successfully completed the first phase of developing our ETO pilot plant at a third-party facility. The data is being used for process design and further scale-up planning. Shell Purchase Contract. On August 16, 2024, we entered into a Purchase Contract (the Shell Agreement with Shell Global Solutions Deutschland GmbH Shell ), pursuant to which Gevo agreed to supply to Shell (a) hydrocarbon-based performance racing blend stock 2GFuel and (b) other products if and as may be mutually agreed from time to time. The 2GFuel must meet certain quality specifications set forth in the Shell Agreement. Luverne Facility. In 2022, the activities at our Luverne Facility were transitioned to care and maintenance, market development, and customer education, as we shifted focus to our Net Zero Projects. The workforce adjustment which resulted allowed us to retain key personnel and redeploy some resources to our NZ1 and RNG projects to provide valuable knowledge and experience for the future strategic growth of the Company. The Luverne Facility is well equipped and positioned as a development site as it provides a unique opportunity to showcase our decarbonization and business systems and raise awareness with future partnerships, investors, and local communities, even though operations at the site have been minimized. Future operations, if any, will be tailored to support a focus on advancing our technology, testing, optimizing alternative feedstocks and yeast strains, and unit operations as well as partnership development for fuels and specialty chemicals with integrated solutions for GHG reductions. We continue to evaluate incentive opportunities recently introduced by the Inflation Reduction Act, which may positively impact the future economics of our operation at Luverne . Investment Tax Credit Sales . On September 18, 2024, we sold approximately 15.3 million in Investment Tax Credits ITCs to an undisclosed corporate buyer. This transaction monetized IRA Investment Tax Credits generated from the commercialization of the RNG Project by Gevo NW Iowa RNG, LLC and provided net cash proceeds of approximately 14.0 million to us after transaction fees. Due to a recalculation of the RNG Project s available ITCs, the amounts in this paragraph have been adjusted from the previously disclosed amounts of approximately 20 million in ITC sales and approximately 17.0 million net cash proceeds to us. Nasdaq Listing Rules Compliance On February 29, 2024, we received notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement ), as the minimum bid price of our common stock had been below 1.00 per share for the previous 30 consecutive business days. On September 27, 2024, we received a letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that it had regained compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), because for the 10 consecutive business days from September 13 to September 26, 2024, the closing bid price of our common stock had been at 1.00 per share or greater. Accordingly, the Company has regained compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) and Nasdaq considers this matter closed. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Key Operating Metrics The following table summarizes our RNG Segment key operating metrics, which we use to measure performance: 

Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, unless otherwise indicated) 2024 2023 Change Change Operating revenues Renewable natural gas 173 187 (14) (7) Environmental attributes - RINs 883 2,932 (2,049) (70) Environmental attributes - LCFS 897 1,398 (501) (36) Total operating revenues 1,953 4,517 (2,564) Cost of production 1,936 2,689 (753) (28) RNG metrics (MMBtu) RNG production volumes 101 81 20 25 Plus: prior period RNG volumes dispensed in current period 29 51 (22) (43) Less: RNG production volumes not dispensed (68) (28) (40) 143 Total RNG volumes available for RIN and LCFS generation (1) 62 104 (42) RIN metrics RIN generation (2) 341 1,223 (882) (72) Less: RINs sold (341) (1,223) 882 (72) RIN inventory RNG volumes not dispensed for RINs (MMBtu) (3) 68 28 40 143 Average realized RIN price (4) 2.59 2.40 0.19 8 LCFS metrics LCFS generation (5) 21 24 (3) (13) Less: LCFS sold (21) (24) 3 (13) LCFS inventory RNG volumes not dispensed for LCFS (MMBtu) 68 28 40 143 Average realized LCFS price (4) 43.14 69.11 (25.97) (38) 

 (1) Represents gas production which has not been dispensed to generate RINs and LCFS. (2) RINs are generally generated in the month following the gas being dispensed. (3) One MMBtu of RNG has approximately the same energy content as 11.727 gallons of ethanol, and thus may generate 11.727 RINs under the RFS Program. (4) Realized prices for environmental attributes (under the temporary pathway) are net of third-party commissions and thus do not correspond directly to index prices. (5) LCFS credits are generally generated in the calendar quarter following the gas being dispensed. 

35 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, unless otherwise indicated) 2024 2023 Change Change Operating revenues Renewable natural gas 533 457 76 17 Environmental attributes - RINs 6,669 7,476 (807) (11) Environmental attributes - LCFS 3,064 3,164 (100) (3) Total operating revenues 10,266 11,097 (831) Cost of production 7,827 8,356 (529) (6) RNG metrics (MMBtu) RNG production volumes 285 223 62 28 Plus: prior period RNG volumes dispensed in current period 34 116 (82) (71) Less: RNG production volumes not dispensed (68) (28) (40) 143 Total RNG volumes available for RIN and LCFS generation (1) 251 311 (60) (19) RIN metrics RIN generation (2) 2,554 3,638 (1,084) (30) Less: RINs sold (2,554) (3,638) 1,084 (30) RIN inventory RNG volumes not dispensed for RINs (MMBtu) (3) 68 28 40 143 Average realized RIN price (4) 2.61 2.05 0.56 27 LCFS metrics LCFS generation (5) 60 52 8 15 Less: LCFS sold (60) (52) (8) 15 LCFS inventory RNG volumes not dispensed for LCFS (MMBtu) 68 28 40 143 Average realized LCFS price (4) 51.06 60.45 (9.39) (16) 

 (1) Represents gas production which has not been dispensed to generate RINs and LCFS. (2) RINs are generally generated in the month following the gas being dispensed. (3) One MMBtu of RNG has approximately the same energy content as 11.727 gallons of ethanol, and thus may generate 11.727 RINs under the RFS Program. (4) Realized prices for environmental attributes (under the temporary pathway) are net of third-party commissions and thus do not correspond directly to index prices. (5) LCFS credits are generally generated in the calendar quarter following the gas being dispensed. 

36 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Total operating revenues 1,965 4,528 (2,563) (57) Operating expenses: Cost of production 2,544 2,480 64 3 Depreciation and amortization 3,494 4,994 (1,500) (30) Research and development expense 1,113 1,558 (445) (29) General and administrative expense 11,679 10,522 1,157 11 Project development costs 6,593 4,789 1,804 38 Facility idling costs 550 911 (361) (40) Total operating expenses 25,973 25,254 719 3 Loss from operations (24,008) (20,726) (3,282) 16 Other income (expense) Interest expense (1,107) (540) (567) 105 Interest and investment income 3,843 5,261 (1,418) (27) Other income, net 116 305 (189) (62) Total other income, net 2,852 5,026 (2,174) (43) Net loss (21,156) (15,700) (5,456) 35 Operating revenue. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, operating revenue decreased 2.6 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower sales of environmental attributes from our RNG project. This is due to a buildup of environmental attribute inventory in anticipation of receiving the final pathway approval under the LCFS Program, which we expect to result in a lower CI score. Said approval is anticipated during the first quarter of 2025. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 101,101 MMBtu of RNG from our RNG project, resulting in RNG sales of 0.2 million and environmental attribute sales of 1.8 million. See Key Operating Metrics above. Cost of production. Cost of production remained flat during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization decreased 1.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to the timing of sales of environmental attribute inventory, which includes allocated depreciation and amortization. Research and development expense. Research and development expenses decreased 0.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreased consulting expenses and professional fees. General and administrative expense. General and administrative expense increased 1.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increases in personnel costs related to the hiring of highly qualified and skilled professionals, and professional consulting fees, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation. On an annual basis, we assess our corporate cost allocation estimates across all segments to reflect the use of centralized administrative functions as well as the allocation of personnel costs related to our project development efforts. Project development costs . Project development costs are primarily related to our Net-Zero Projects and Verity, which consist primarily of employee expenses, preliminary engineering costs, and technical consulting costs. Project development costs increased 1.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increases in personnel costs, consulting fees, and costs related to our USDA Grant, which have not yet been reimbursed. Facility idling costs. Facility idling costs are related to the care and maintenance of our Luverne Facility. Facility idling costs decreased 0.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 Loss from operations . The Company s loss from operations increased 3.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the increase in costs for our Net-Zero and Verity projects. Interest expense . Interest expense increased 0.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and was primarily comprised of interest on the Remarketed Bonds. Interest and investment income. Interest and investment income decreased 1.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the usage of cash for our capital projects and operating costs, resulting in a lower balance of cash equivalent investments during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Other income (expense), net . Other income (expense), net remained flat for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change ) Change ) Total operating revenues 11,215 12,826 (1,611) (13) Operating expenses: Cost of production 8,554 8,836 (282) (3) Depreciation and amortization 12,222 14,323 (2,101) (15) Research and development expense 4,302 4,716 (414) (9) General and administrative expense 35,342 31,891 3,451 11 Project development costs 19,648 10,635 9,013 85 Facility idling costs 2,325 2,923 (598) (20) Total operating expenses 82,393 73,324 9,069 12 Loss from operations (71,178) (60,498) (10,680) 18 Other income (expense) Interest expense (2,762) (1,615) (1,147) 71 Interest and investment income 12,579 14,083 (1,504) (11) Other income, net 328 292 36 12 Total other income, net 10,145 12,760 (2,615) (20) Net loss (61,033) (47,738) (13,295) 28 Operating revenue. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating revenue decreased 1.6 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower sales of environmental attributes from our RNG project. This is due to a buildup of environmental attribute inventory in anticipation of receiving the final pathway approval under the LCFS Program, which we expect to result in a lower CI score. Said approval is anticipated during the first quarter of 2025. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 285,255 MMBtu of RNG from our RNG project, resulting in RNG sales of 0.5 million and environmental attribute sales of 9.8 million, see Key Operating Metrics above. Additionally, we recognized 0.8 million of licensing and development revenue from the agreement with LG Chem during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. See Key Operating Metrics above. Cost of production. Cost of production decreased 0.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower costs incurred at our RNG Project in 2024. Additionally, sales of environmental attributes were lower in 2024 compared to 2023, see Key Operating Metrics above. Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization decreased 2.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to the timing of sales of environmental attribute inventory, which includes allocated depreciation and amortization. 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 Research and development expense. Research and development expenses decreased 0.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreased consulting expenses and professional fees. General and administrative expense. General and administrative expense increased 3.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to support efforts for carbon sequestration initiatives, increases in personnel costs related to the hiring of highly qualified and skilled professionals, and professional consulting fees, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation . On an annual basis, we assess our corporate cost allocation estimates across all segments to reflect the use of centralized administrative functions as well as the allocation of personnel costs related to our project development efforts. Project development costs . Project development costs are primarily related to our Net-Zero Projects and Verity, which consist primarily of employee expenses, preliminary engineering costs, and technical consulting costs. Project development costs increased 9.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to patent related costs, increases in personnel costs, and consulting fees. Facility idling costs. Facility idling costs are related to the care and maintenance of our Luverne Facility. Facility idling costs decreased 0.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . Loss from operations . The Company s loss from operations increased by 10.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the increase in costs for our Net-Zero and Verity projects . Interest expense . Interest expense increased 1.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and was primarily comprised of interest on the Remarketed Bonds. Interest and investment income. Interest and investment income decreased 1.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the usage of cash for our capital projects and operating costs, resulting in a lower balance of cash equivalent investments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Other income (expense), net . Other income (expense), net remained flat for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates and policies since December 31, 2023. For a description of our other critical accounting policies and estimates that affect our significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements, refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates contained in our 2023 Annual Report. Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP and require our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates, and such estimates may change if the underlying conditions or assumptions change. 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 223.2 million and current and non-current restricted cash of 69.6 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had net working capital of 208.0 million, with 28.7 million of current liabilities. Our cash equivalents consist of investments in U.S. government money market funds. We expect to use our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash for the following purposes: (i) identification, development, engineering, licensing, acquisition and construction of production facilities and the Company s Net-Zero Projects; (ii) in combination with project level debt, the acquisition of Red Trail Energy; (iii) potential investment in RNG projects; (iv) potential development of the Luverne Facility; (v) operating activities at the Company s corporate headquarters in Colorado, including research and development work; (vi) exploration of strategic alternatives and additional financing, including project financing; and (vii) debt service obligations associated with any future borrowings. We believe that as a result of our cash and cash equivalents balances and the performance of our current and expected operations, we will be able to meet our obligations and other potential cash requirements during the next 12 months from the date of this report. Since our inception in 2005, we have devoted most of our cash resources to the development and commercialization of routes to efficiently produce fuels and chemicals from carbohydrates, such as renewable feedstock, using alcohols (isobutanol and ethanol) as intermediates. We have incurred losses since inception, have a significant accumulated deficit, and expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future. Historically we have financed our operations primarily with proceeds from the issuance of equity, warrants, borrowings under debt facilities, and interest income. Our current sources of cash include sales of RNG, environmental attributes, and licensing fees. We may also fund future operations through additional private and/or public offerings of equity or debt securities. In addition, we may seek additional capital, on acceptable terms, through arrangements with strategic partners or from other sources. Notwithstanding, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional funds or achieve or sustain profitability or positive cash flows from operations. Our transition to profitability is dependent upon, among other things, the successful development and commercialization of our projects, the development, licensing, acquisition and construction of commercial level production facilities to support our offtake agreements, the achievement of a level of revenues adequate to support the Company s cost structure, and the ability to raise capital to finance the development, licensing, acquisition, and construction of additional production facilities. The following table sets forth the major sources and uses of cash for each of the periods set forth below (in thousands): 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (38,540) (21,128) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (37,193) 107,171 Net cash used in financing activities (6,993) (150) Operating Activities Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are personnel-related expenses, and research and development-related expenses, including costs incurred under development agreements, costs of licensing of technology, legal-related costs, and expenses for the development and commercialization of routes to efficiently produce fuels and chemicals from renewable feedstock carbohydrates using alcohols (isobutanol and ethanol) as an intermediate. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 38.5 million compared to 21.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of stock-based compensation expense of 12.5 million, which reflects higher expense for the stock awards issued in the prior period with higher market value, see Note 13 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information, depreciation and amortization of 12.2 million, and non-cash expense of 1.8 million. The net cash outflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities increased 3.0 million, primarily due to an increase in cash outflows of 9.9 million of prepaid expenses and other current assets, deposits and other assets and 2.7 million of costs associated with the sale of environmental attribute inventory. These were partially offset by 3.2 million related to decreases in accounts receivable and 6.4 million related to accounts payable. 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 Investing Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had 37.2 million in cash used in investing activities, comprised of investments in our capital projects, including 1.8 million in the RNG project, 23.0 million for NZ1, and 11.7 million in other projects, a 10.0 million payment of earnest money in connection with the Red Trail Purchase Agreement, and 6.0 million paid for the acquisition of CultivateAI. These were partially offset by 15.3 million proceeds from the sale of investment tax credits from the RNG Project. We have substantially completed the engineering design on our NZ1 project and are proceeding with detailed engineering and modularization design. We are refining the project cost estimates with EPC partners to identify opportunities to reduce and negotiate the cost. We currently expect to finance the construction of NZ1 at the subsidiary level using a combination of Company equity and third-party capital, to include non-recourse debt. The Company previously projected a range of 90.0 125.0 million to be spent on NZ1 between January 2024 and the financial close of NZ1. Year to date 2024, the Company spent 32.3 million and expects the remaining spend until the financial close of NZ1 to fall below the previously estimated range. Cash distributions from future NZ1 earnings would be proportionate to Gevo s ownership in NZ1 under this expected financing structure. The use of project debt and third-party equity allows us to conserve capital for use on other growth projects. We expect to apply similar development and financing strategies to future Net-Zero Projects to grow our SAF production to meet the demand for SAF. In 2022, we allocated approximately 25.0 million to develop our next Net-Zero Project, of which we have spent 16.8 million. Gevo is in the process of identifying and performing early site development work for additional Net-Zero production locations. These potential sites include greenfield and brownfield (i.e., at an existing ethanol plant) locations that are advantageous in terms of potential economics, opportunities to decarbonize, and time to market. Early development work at the Red Trail Energy site is currently underway. Financing Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had 7.0 million of net cash used in financing activities, due to payments for repurchases of the Company s common stock, debt issuance costs, finance lease liabilities, and equipment loans, partially offset by proceeds from the exercise of warrants. We currently expect to finance the construction of NZ1 at the subsidiary level using a combination of our own equity, third-party capital, and debt capital. The Company expects to retain an equity interest in the project and may invest equity in the project using the proceeds from the reimbursement of the Company s NZ1 development expenditures. Cash distributions from future NZ1 earnings would be proportionate to Gevo s ownership in NZ1 under this expected financing structure which would allow us to conserve and redeploy our capital on other growth projects, including our Net-Zero 2 project NZ2 ). We expect to apply similar development and financing strategies to NZ2 and future Net-Zero Projects to enable growth of SAF production to meet demand for SAF. Stock Repurchase Program On May 30, 2023, we authorized a stock repurchase program, under which we may repurchase up to 25 million of our common stock. The primary goal of the repurchase program is to allow us to opportunistically repurchase shares, while maintaining our ability to fund our development projects. Under the stock repurchase program, we may repurchase shares from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The timing, volume and nature of stock repurchases, if any, will be at our sole discretion and will be dependent on market conditions, applicable securities laws, and other factors. The stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have an expiration date. We repurchased 1.1 million and 7.2 million shares of common stock for 0.6 million and 4.7 million under the stock repurchase program during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. We did not repurchase shares under the stock repurchase program during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 20.3 million remained available under the stock repurchase program. 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. However, we note that we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily consist of environmental attribute pricing, commodity pricing, interest rate, credit risk with our contract counterparties, and equity price risks. There have been no material changes since our disclosure in Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk included in Part II, Item 7A of our 2023 Annual Report. Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosures. During the fiscal period covered by this report, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods and are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 42 

Table of Contents 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. A discussion of legal matters is found in Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, in the accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements included in Part I - Item 1. Financial Statements of this Report. Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or future results. There have been no material changes in our risk factors included in our 2023 Annual Report, other than as described below. The risk factors in our 2023 Annual Report are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. Mergers, acquisitions and other strategic investments may not be successful in achieving intended benefits, cost savings and synergies and may disrupt current operations. From time to time, we may complete acquisitions of companies and certain businesses or assets of companies, and we may not realize the expected benefits from such acquisitions because of integration difficulties or other challenges. For example, in September 2024, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with Red Trail Energy, LLC Red Trail to purchase substantially all of the assets, and assume certain liabilities, of Red Trail (the Transaction ). The acquisition of Red Trail is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025, subject to closing conditions. There is no assurance that the acquisition of Red Trail will be completed. In addition, the integration process of any newly acquired business, such as the Transaction, may be complex, costly and time-consuming. The potential difficulties of integrating the operations of an acquired business and realizing our expectations for an acquisition, including the benefits that may be realized, include, among other things: failure of the business to perform as planned following the acquisition or achieve anticipated revenue, cash flow or profitability targets; delays, unexpected costs or difficulties in completing the acquisition or integration of acquired companies or assets, including as a result of regulatory challenges; higher than expected costs, lower than expected cost savings or synergies and/or a need to allocate resources to manage unexpected operating difficulties; difficulties assimilating the operations and personnel of acquired companies into our operations; diversion of the attention and resources of management or other disruptions to current operations; unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations; risks inherent in our acquired companies and businesses industry and operations; unanticipated issues in conforming our acquired companies and businesses standards, processes, procedures and internal controls with our operations; failures or delays in receiving the necessary approvals by the relevant regulators and authorities; retaining key customers, suppliers and employees; retaining and obtaining required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits; operating risks inherent in the acquired business and our business; and other unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities. 

43 

Table of Contents 
 Our failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business, including as a result of regulatory challenges and any adverse consequences associated with future acquisition activities, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Even if the integration of any acquired business is successfully completed, the full expected benefits and synergies of the acquisition may not be realized. Additional unanticipated costs, which could be material, may also be incurred in the integration of our business and the acquired business. Additionally, the full benefits of an acquisition may not be realized if the combined business does not perform as expected or demand for the combined company s services does not meet our expectations. If any of the above risks occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely impacted, we may fail to meet the expectations of investors or analysts, and our stock price may decline as a result. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, and Use of Proceeds 

Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) July 1 - 31, 2024 1,094,493.00 0.59 1,094,493.00 20,290,202.86 August 1 - 31, 2024 - - - 20,290,202.86 September 1 - 30, 2024 - - - 20,290,202.86 Total 1,094,493.00 0.59 1,094,493.00 20,290,202.86 (1) On May 30, 2023, we authorized a stock repurchase program, under which we may repurchase up to 25 million of our common stock. The primary goal of the repurchase program is to allow us to opportunistically repurchase shares, while maintaining our ability to fund our development projects. Under the stock repurchase program, we may repurchase shares from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The timing, volume and nature of stock repurchases, if any, will be at our sole discretion and will be dependent on market conditions, applicable securities laws, and other factors. The stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have an expiration date. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. No directors or officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), , modified and/or a , or a , each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, during our last fiscal quarter. 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibits. The exhibits listed below are filed or furnished as part of this report. Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit Filed Herewith 2.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2024, by and among Gevo, Inc., Richardton CCS, LLC, Net-Zero Richardton, LLC, and Red Trail Energy, LLC. 8-K 001-35073 September 21, 2024 2.1 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Gevo, Inc. 10-K 001-35073 February 24, 2022 3.1 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Gevo, Inc. 8-K 001-35073 November 24, 2021 3.1 4.1 Form of Gevo, Inc. Common Stock Certificate. S-1 333-168792 January 19, 2011 4.1 10.1# Employment Agreement, amended and restated as of August 12, 2024, by and among Gevo, Inc. and Patrick Gruber . 8-K 001-35073 August 16, 2024 10.1 10.2# Employment Agreement, amended and restated as of August 12, 2024, by and among Gevo, Inc. and Christopher Ryan. 8-K 001-35073 August 16, 2024 10.2 10.3# Employment Agreement, dated August 12, 2024, by and among Gevo, Inc. and Paul Bloom. 8-K 001-35073 August 16, 2024 10.3 10.4# Employment Agreement, dated August 12, 2024, by and among Gevo, Inc. and Kimberly Bowron. 8-K 001-35073 August 16, 2024 10.4 10.5 Purchase Contract, dated August 16, 2024, by and between Gevo, Inc. and Shell Global Solutions Deutschland GmbH. 8-K 001-35073 August 21, 2024 10.1 31.1 Section 302 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer. X 31.2 Section 302 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer. X 32.1 Section 906 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase X 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit Filed Herewith 2.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2024, by and among Gevo, Inc., Richardton CCS, LLC, Net-Zero Richardton, LLC, and Red Trail Energy, LLC. 8-K 001-35073 September 21, 2024 2.1 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Gevo, Inc. 10-K 001-35073 February 24, 2022 3.1 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Gevo, Inc. 8-K 001-35073 November 24, 2021 3.1 4.1 Form of Gevo, Inc. Common Stock Certificate. S-1 333-168792 January 19, 2011 4.1 10.1# Employment Agreement, amended and restated as of August 12, 2024, by and among Gevo, Inc. and Patrick Gruber . 8-K 001-35073 August 16, 2024 10.1 10.2# Employment Agreement, amended and restated as of August 12, 2024, by and among Gevo, Inc. and Christopher Ryan. 8-K 001-35073 August 16, 2024 10.2 10.3# Employment Agreement, dated August 12, 2024, by and among Gevo, Inc. and Paul Bloom. 8-K 001-35073 August 16, 2024 10.3 10.4# Employment Agreement, dated August 12, 2024, by and among Gevo, Inc. and Kimberly Bowron. 8-K 001-35073 August 16, 2024 10.4 10.5 Purchase Contract, dated August 16, 2024, by and between Gevo, Inc. and Shell Global Solutions Deutschland GmbH. 8-K 001-35073 August 21, 2024 10.1 31.1 Section 302 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer. X 31.2 Section 302 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer. X 32.1 Section 906 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) X 

 Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon its request. # Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Furnished herewith. 

 46 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Gevo, Inc. (REGISTRANT) By: /s/ Alisher Nurmat Alisher Nurmat, CPA Vice President of Accounting and Treasurer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 

 47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gevo-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Patrick R. Gruber, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Gevo, Inc. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 7, 2024 

 /s/ Patrick R. Gruber 

 Patrick R. Gruber Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gevo-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, L. Lynn Smull, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Gevo, Inc. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ L. Lynn Smull 

 L. Lynn Smull Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 gevo-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) I, Patrick R. Gruber, Chief Executive Officer of Gevo, Inc. (the Company ), and I, L. Lynn Smull, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

 Date: November 7, 2024 

 /s/ Patrick R. Gruber 

 Patrick R. Gruber Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ L. Lynn Smull 

 L. Lynn Smull Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 gevo-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 gevo-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 gevo-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 gevo-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 gevo-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

