<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_2017526_0001140361-24-046457.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3592548</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>68363</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>699758</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>782794</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1061229</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>878940</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-24-046457.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113160544
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-24-046457
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Perceptive Capital Solutions Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002017526
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42126
		FILM NUMBER:		241454075

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		51 ASTOR PLACE, 10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-284-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		51 ASTOR PLACE, 10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-24-046457.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ef20034550_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(MARK ONE)

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code) 

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange

 on which registered

The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
 S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
 growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 12, 2024, Class A ordinary
 shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding.

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

Part I. Financial Information

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements

Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

1

Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from March 22, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024
 (Unaudited) 

2

Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from March 22, 2024
 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

3

Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Period from March 22, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

4

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

5

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

14

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 

18

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

18

Part II. Other Information

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

18

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

18

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

18

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

19

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

19

Item 5. Other Information 

19

Item 6. Exhibits 

19

Signatures 

20 

Table of Contents 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1. 

Interim
 Financial Statements.

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

CONDENSED
 BALANCE SHEET 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

(UNAUDITED)

Assets

Current assets

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total Current Assets

Investments held in Trust Account

Total Assets

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit

Current Liabilities

Accrued expenses

Total Current Liabilities

Deferred underwriting fee

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5)

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares
 at redemption value of per share

Shareholders Deficit

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption)

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding

Accumulated deficit

Total Shareholders Deficit

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements.

1 

Table of Contents 

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

CONDENSED
 STATEMENTS OF
 OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED)

For the Three 

 Months 

 Ended 

 September 30,

For the Period 

 from March 22, 

 2024 

 (Inception) 

 Through 

 September 30,

2024

2024

General and administrative expenses

Loss from operations

Other income:

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account

Total other income, net 

Net income

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A redeemable ordinary shares

Basic and Diluted net income per ordinary share, Class A redeemable ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A and B non-redeemable ordinary shares

Basic net income per ordinary share, Class A and B non-redeemable ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A and B non-redeemable ordinary shares

Diluted net income per ordinary share, Class A and B non-redeemable ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements.

2 

Table of Contents 

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT)

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 22, 2024 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED) 

Class A

 Ordinary Shares

Class B

 Ordinary Shares

Additional

 Paid-in

Accumulated

Total

 Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Equity (Deficit)

Balance March 22, 2024 (inception) 

(unaudited) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary 

 shares to Sponsor

Net loss

Balance March 31, 2024 

Accretion for Class A ordinary 

 shares to redemption amount

Sale of Private Placement Shares

Allocated value of transaction costs to Class A shares

Net income

Balance June 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

Accretion for Class A ordinary

 shares to redemption amount

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 

(unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements.

3 

Table of Contents 

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF
 CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 22, 2024 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

(UNAUDITED)

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Payment of operation costs through promissory note

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Investment of cash in Trust Account

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from sale of shares, net of underwriting discounts paid

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Shares 

Underwriter reimbursement

Repayment of promissory note related party

Payment of offering costs

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash Beginning of period

Cash End of period

Non-Cash investing and financing activities:

Deferred offering costs paid directly by Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of Class B ordinary shares

Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note - related party

Deferred underwriting fee payable

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements.

4 

Table of Contents 

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

(Unaudited)

or more
 businesses or entities (the Business Combination ). The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination target and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with
 any Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination with the Company. The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies.

Class A ordinary shares, par value per share (the Public Shares ), which included the full exercise by the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering the underwriter of its over-allotment option in
 the amount of Public Shares, at per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of , which is
 discussed in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 
 private placement shares (the Private Placement Shares to Perceptive Capital Solutions Holdings (the Sponsor at a price of 
 per Private Placement Share, or in the aggregate, which is described in Note 4.

, consisting
 of of cash underwriting fee, 
 of deferred underwriting fee (see additional discussion on Note 5), and of other offering costs, offset by a reimbursement
 from the underwriter of .

or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the
 interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be
 required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ).

per share) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Shares and the sale of
 the Private Placement Shares was placed in the trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, including in demand deposit accounts at a bank, or invested only
 in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the
 Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below.

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not
 previously released to the Company for Permitted Withdrawals (as defined below)). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the
 Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). The Public Shares were recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards
 Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and the Company will not be permitted to complete the initial Business Combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be
 conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares the Company is permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than the Company has offered to purchase, the Company will withdraw the tender
 offer and not complete such initial Business Combination.

5 

Table of Contents 

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

(Unaudited)

of the Public Shares issued in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company.

of the Company s Public Shares if the Company does not complete its Business Combination within the time period during which the Company is
 required to consummate a Business Combination pursuant to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Business Combination Period or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of Public
 Shareholders, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
 the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously withdrawn or eligible to be withdrawn by the Company to fund the Company s working capital requirements, subject to an annual limit of , and/or to pay the Company s taxes (which shall not be subject to the annual limitation described in the foregoing) Permitted Withdrawals ), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares.

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
 will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
 the Company s remaining shareholders and its board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
 of other applicable law.

per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor
 agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (excluding the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business
 with which the Company has discussed entering into a written letter of intent, confidentially or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if
 less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets. This liability will not apply with respect to any
 claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter against certain liabilities,
 including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).

in cash held outside of the Trust Account and working capital of . The Company s obligations due within one year of the date
 of the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements are issued are expected to exceed to those amounts. If a Business Combination is not consummated by the end of the Business Combination Period, currently June 13, 2026, there will be a
 mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the Business Combination Period. The Company intends
 to complete the initial Business Combination before the end of the Business Combination Period. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to consummate any Business Combination by the end of the Business Combination Period.

6 

Table of Contents 

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

(Unaudited)

in cash and cash
 equivalents as of September 30, 2024.

were invested in U.S. Treasury securities.

7 

Table of Contents 

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

(Unaudited)

Less:

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs

Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and
 penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

8 

Table of Contents 

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

(Unaudited)

Denominator:

Basic weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic net income per ordinary share

Denominator:

Diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Diluted net income per ordinary share

Public Shares, which included a full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of Public
 Shares, at a price of per Public Share.

9 

Table of Contents 

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

(Unaudited)

to cover
 certain of the Company s expenses in exchange for the issuance of Class B ordinary shares, par value (the Founder Shares ). The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriter so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the Private Placement Shares) after the Initial Public Offering. On June 13,
 2024, the underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full as part of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As such, 
 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture.

Founder Shares to each of the Company s independent directors, Mark McKenna, Kenneth Song, and Harlan Waksal, at a price of per
 share. Each director paid or an aggregate purchase price of in consideration of the assignment of Founder Shares. The sale or allocation of the Founders Shares to the Company s independent directors is within the scope of FASB ASC
 Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Company assigned Founder Shares to the Company's
 director nominees at a price of . This set of Founder Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence
 of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to this set of Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of September
 30, 2024, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, stock-based compensation
 expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares times the
 grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. 

after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of
 Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after the initial
 Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
 shares for cash, securities or other property.

Private Placement Shares at a price of per Private Placement
 Share, for an aggregate purchase price of . A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Shares were added to the
 proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and are held in the Trust Account. Such Private Placement Shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company does not consummate an initial Business
 Combination within from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, any proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
 Shares held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). Holders of the Private Placement Shares have entered into an agreement, pursuant to which they have agreed
 to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and Public Shares in connection with (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) the implementation by the directors of, following
 a shareholder vote to approve, an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of the obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares the right to have
 their shares redeemed or repurchased in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the
 Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B)
 with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares. The Private Placement Shares will not be transferable or salable until after the completion of the initial Business Combination.

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31,
 2024 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had borrowings under the promissory
 note. Upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, on June 13, 2024, the Company fully repaid this promissory note.

million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into shares of the post-Business Combination entity at
 a price of per share. The shares would be identical to the Private Placement Shares. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loans.

per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services and (ii) to indemnify
 the Sponsor and its affiliates, including Perceptive Advisors, LLC, from any liability arising with respect to their activities in connection with the Company s affairs, as described in more details in the Administrative Services and
 Indemnification Agreement. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from March 22, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 the Company incurred and in fees for these services, respectively, of which such
 amount is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying unaudited condensed balance sheet.

10 

Table of Contents 

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

(Unaudited)

demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggyback registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial
 Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

-day option
 to purchase up to additional Public Shares to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the
 underwriting discounts and commissions. On June 13, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriter elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option to purchase the additional Public Shares at a price of 
 per Public Share.

per Public Share, or in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter agreed to
 reimburse the Company at the closing of the Initial Public Offering for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and fees (including for the avoidance of doubt, a portion of the upfront underwriting commissions payable in connection with the closing
 of the Initial Public Offering) incurred by the Company in connection with the Initial Public Offering in an amount not to exceed 
 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering. On June 13, 2024, as part of the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company received reimbursement from the underwriter of .

per Public Share, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the
 Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

preference shares with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined
 from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024, there were preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024, there were Class A
 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption.

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024, there were Class B
 ordinary shares issued and outstanding.

11 

Table of Contents 

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

(Unaudited)

vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders except
 as required by law. Unless otherwise specified in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands or applicable stock exchange rules,
 the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares that are represented in person or by proxy and are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by the shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution
 under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the
 company, and pursuant to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; such actions include amending the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another
 company. The board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for terms of with only
 one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than of the shares entitled to vote and voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. The shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as
 and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of the Public
 Shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. Further, prior to the closing of the Business Combination, only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will be entitled to vote on transferring the Company by way
 of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend the constitutional documents of the Company or to adopt new constitutional documents of the Company, in each case, as a result of the
 Company approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands) and, as a result, the initial shareholders will be able to approve any such proposal without the vote of any other shareholder. The provisions of
 the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association governing the appointment of directors prior to the Business Combination and the Company s continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to the initial Business
 Combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of the Company s outstanding Class B ordinary shares.

-for-one

basis or will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business Combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion
 of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary
 shares issued and outstanding (excluding the Private Placement Shares and including any Class A ordinary share issued pursuant to the underwriter s over-allotment option and including any Class A ordinary shares that may have been issued on a -for-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the option of the holder thereof prior to the initial Business Combination
 pursuant to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or
 exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
 securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent shares issued to the Sponsor, members of the management
 team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans made to the Company. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one.

in cash and in U.S. Treasury securities. During the three
 months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did t withdraw any interest income from the Trust Account.

12 

Table of Contents 

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

(Unaudited)

13 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

References in this report (this Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Perceptive Capital Solutions Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our
 officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Perceptive Capital Solutions Holdings. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the
 financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as
 further described in the section below Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Some of the statements contained in this Quarterly Report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to,
 statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or
 circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report may include, for example,
 statements about:

the fact that we have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective;

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our ability to complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial Business Combination;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial Business Combination;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination or reimburse any loans the Sponsor may loan to the Company (the Working Capital Loans 

our pool of prospective target businesses;

our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination due to the uncertainty resulting from geopolitical events, acts of terrorism, geopolitical conflicts such as those in Ukraine and Russia or Israel,
 economic impacts such as inflation and changes to interest rates and global health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic;

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential Business Combination opportunities;

our ability to obtain additional financing to complete a Business Combination;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;

the use of funds not held in the trust account Trust Account or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance;

our ability to continue as a going concern;

the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties;

our financial performance following our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering 

the number of redemptions by our public shareholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination; and

the other risks and uncertainties discussed herein and in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including in our final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering filed with
 the SEC.

The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that
 future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
 performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors disclosed in our
 final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC on June 12, 2024. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects
 from those projected in these forward-looking statements.

In addition, statements that contain we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this
 Quarterly Report. Although we believe that this information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, this information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry
 into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements.

We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

Overview

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on March 22, 2024. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination
 using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt.

We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful.

14 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from March 22, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare
 for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating
 income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
 expenses.

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net income of 981,482, which consists of interest income on cash and investments held in the Trust Account of 1,163,406 and an unrealized gain on interest
 earned on cash and marketable securities of 14,204, partially offset by operating costs of 196,128.

For the period from March 22, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024, we had net income 1,068,960, which consists of interest income on cash and investments held in the Trust Account of 1,365,738 and an
 unrealized gain on interest earned on cash and marketable securities of 21,301, partially offset by operating costs of 318,079.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

On June 13, 2024, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 8,625,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Public Shares ), which included the full exercise by the underwriter of the Initial
 Public Offering (the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of 1,125,000 Public Shares, at 10.00 per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of 86,250,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we
 consummated the sale of 286,250 private placement shares (the Private Placement Shares to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Share, generating gross proceeds of 2,862,500.

For the period from March 22, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities was 273,854. Net income of 1,068,960 was affected by
 interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 1,365,738 and an unrealized gain on interest earned on cash and marketable securities of 21,301, changes in operating assets and liabilities of 352 and a payment of
 operating costs through a promissory note of 44,577. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and investments held in the Trust Account of 87,637,039 (including approximately 1,365,738 of interest income and unrealized gain of 21,301) consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills
 with a maturity of 185 days or less. The Company may withdraw interest earned on the Trust Account for working capital requirements subject to an annual limit of 300,000, and/or to pay the Company s taxes (which shall not be subject to the
 300,000 annual limitation described in the foregoing) Permitted Withdrawals ), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts
 representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination,
 the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.

15 

Table of Contents 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 1,209,453 and working capital of 1,209,805. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business
 due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective
 target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination.

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, affiliates of the Sponsor or our officers and directors may, but are not obligated
 to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to
 repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 3,000,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into shares of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00 per share.
 The shares would be identical to the Private Placement Shares.

We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking
 in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain
 additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or
 incur debt in connection with such Business Combination.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated
 entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing
 arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets.

Contractual Obligations

Administrative Services and Indemnification Agreement

Commencing on the date that the Company s registration statement relating to its Initial Public Offering was declared effective through the earlier of consummation of an initial Business Combination and the Company s
 liquidation, the Company agreed (i) to pay the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to the Company in the amount of 15,000 per month and (ii) to indemnify the Sponsor and its affiliates, including Perceptive
 Advisors, LLC, from any liability arising with respect to their activities in connection with the Company s affairs, as described in more details in the Administrative Services and Indemnification Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit
 to this Quarterly Report. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from March 22,2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 the Company incurred and paid 45,000 and 54,500 in fees for these services, respectively, of
 which such amount is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying unaudited condensed balance sheet.

Underwriting Agreement

We granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,125,000 additional Public Shares to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
 On June 13, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriter elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option to purchase the additional 1,125,000 Public Shares at a price of 10.00 per Public Share.

Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement

The initial shareholders, as the holders of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares, including from time to time the Private Placement Shares that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and
 any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of Founder Shares, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, dated as of June 13, 2024, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and the
 initial shareholders party thereto. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggyback registration
 rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

16 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The preparation of condensed financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and
 assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially
 differ from those estimates. There are no material accounting estimates that have been identified. We have identified the following critical accounting policies:

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A
 ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are
 either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as
 shareholders equity (deficit). Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject
 to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our condensed balance sheet.

Net Income Per Ordinary Share

The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. The Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B
 ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. This presentation assumes an initial Business Combination as the most likely outcome. The Company does not have any dilutive instruments. Net income per
 ordinary share is calculated by dividing the net income by the weighted average shares of ordinary shares outstanding for the respective period.

The Company has two classes of shares: Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income per ordinary share is computed by
 dividing net income by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the periods. Accretion associated with the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value
 approximates fair value.

Recent Accounting Standards

In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13 - Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). This update
 requires financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience,
 current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. Since June 2016, the FASB issued clarifying updates to the new standard including changing the effective date for smaller reporting
 companies. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 on June 13, 2024. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 did
 not have a material impact on the Company s financial statements.

17 

Table of Contents 

Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements.

Item 3. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Not required for smaller reporting companies.

Item 4. 

Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded,
 processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
 in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar
 functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
 procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the quarterly period ended
 September 30, 2024.

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
 reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be
 considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all of our control
 deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving
 its stated goals under all potential future conditions.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
 materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1. 

Legal Proceedings.

None

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors.

Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this report include the risk factors described in our final prospectus for the Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. As of the date
 of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus for the Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC on June 12, 2024.

Item 2. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.

On June 13, 2024, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 8,625,000 Public Shares, which include the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of 1,125,000 Public Shares.
 Jefferies LLC acted as sole book-running manager of the Initial Public Offering. The securities in the Initial Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-279598). The SEC declared the
 registration statement effective on June 11, 2024.

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 286,250 Private Placement Shares to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Share, generating gross proceeds
 of 2,862,500. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Shares were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and are held in the Trust Account. Such Private Placement Shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares
 sold in the Initial Public Offering.

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option and the Public Shares, an aggregate of 86,250,000 was placed in the Trust Account.

18 

Table of Contents 

We paid a total of 4,809,616 consisting of 1,725,000 of cash underwriting fee, 3,450,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and 497,116 of other offering costs, offset by a reimbursement from the underwriter of
 862,500.

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report.

Item 3. 

Defaults Upon Senior Securities.

None

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None

Item 5. 

Other Information. 

Item 6. 

Exhibits. 

The following exhibits are filed or furnished as a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report.

No.

Description of Exhibit

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement among the Company and Jefferies LLC (1) 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (1) 

10.1 

Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor (1) 

10.2 

Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (1) 

10.3 

Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other equity holders named therein (1) 

10.4 

Letter Agreement among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors (1) 

10.5 

Administrative Services and Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor (1) 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith and not deemed to be filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(1)

Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein.

19 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

PERCEPTIVE CAPITAL SOLUTIONS CORP

Date: November 13, 2024

By:

/s/ Sam Cohn

Name:

Sam Cohn

Title:

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ef20034550_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Adam Stone, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Perceptive Capital Solutions Corp;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 [Paragraph omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a)];

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a)

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b)

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Adam Stone

Adam Stone

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ef20034550_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Sam Cohn, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Perceptive Capital Solutions Corp;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 [Paragraph omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a)];

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a)

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b)

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Sam Cohn

Sam Cohn

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ef20034550_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Perceptive Capital Solutions Corp (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Adam Stone ,Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Adam Stone

Adam Stone

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ef20034550_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Perceptive Capital Solutions Corp (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Report ), I, Sam Cohn ,Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Sam Cohn

Sam Cohn

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pcsc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 pcsc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pcsc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 pcsc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 pcsc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

