<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1444192_0001140361-24-046312.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6838563</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106402</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2270452</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1874346</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1341468</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1056895</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-24-046312.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113073032
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-24-046312
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Grace Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001444192
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35776
		FILM NUMBER:		241451182

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		103 CARNEGIE CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540
		BUSINESS PHONE:		609-322-1602

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		103 CARNEGIE CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Acasti Pharma Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080828

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-24-046312.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ef20037228_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the quarterly period ended 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

State of 

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification Number)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

- 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

(Former name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
 such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter)
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the
 definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
 standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The number of outstanding shares of common stock of the registrant, par value per share of 0.0001, as of November 13, 2024, was .

GRACE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Formerly ACASTI PHARMA INC.)

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q

For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024

Table of Contents 

Page

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1.

Financial Statements 

5

Item 2.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

20 

Item 3.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

37 

Item 4.

Controls and Procedures 

37 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1.

Legal Proceedings 

37

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

38

Item 2.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

38

Item 3.

Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

38

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

38

Item 5.

Other Information 

38

Item 6.

Exhibits 

38

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This quarterly report contains information that may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws and forward-looking statements within the meaning of
 Canadian securities laws, both of which we refer to in this quarterly report as forward-looking statements. Forward- looking statements can be identified by the use of terms such as may , will , should , expect , plan , anticipate ,
 believe , intend , estimate , predict , potential , continue or other similar expressions concerning matters that are not statements about historical facts. Forward-looking statements in this quarterly report include, among other things,
 information, or statements about:

our ability to build a late-stage pharmaceutical company focused in rare and orphan diseases and, on developing and commercializing products that improve clinical outcomes using our novel drug delivery
 technologies;

our ability to apply new proprietary formulations to existing pharmaceutical compounds to achieve enhanced efficacy, faster onset of action, reduced side effects, and more convenient drug delivery that can
 result in increased patient compliance;

the potential for our drug candidates to receive orphan drug designation and exclusivity from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
 FDA or regulatory approval under the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA 

the future prospects of our GTx-104 drug candidate, including but not limited to GTx-104 s potential to be administered to improve the
 management of hypotension in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage aSAH GTx-104 s potential to reduce the incidence of vasospasm in aSAH patients resulting in better outcomes; the ability of GTx-104 to achieve a
 pharmacokinetic PK and safety profile similar to the oral form of nimodipine; GTx-104 s potential to provide improved bioavailability and the potential for reduced use of rescue therapies, such as vasopressors in patients with aSAH
 the timing and outcome of the Phase 3 safety study for GTx-104; GTx-104 s potential to achieve pharmacoeconomic benefit over the oral form of nimodipine; GTx-104 formulation s Chemistry Manufacturing and Control (CMC); GTx-104 s
 Contract Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) to stay in compliance of FDA; our ability to ultimately file a new drug application NDA for GTx-104 under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA; the acceptance of the NDA by the FDA; and the timing
 and ability to receive FDA approval for marketing GTx-104;

our plan to prioritize the development of GTx-104;

2 

Table of Contents 

our plan to maximize the value of our de-prioritized drug candidates, GTx-102 and GTx-101, including through potential development, licensing, or sale of those drug candidates;

the future prospects of our GTx-102 drug candidate, including but not limited to GTx-102 s potential to provide clinical benefits to decrease symptoms associated with Ataxia Telangiectasia; GTx-102 s
 potential ease of drug administration; the timing and outcomes of a PK bridging study and Phase 3 efficacy and safety study for GTx-102; the timing of an NDA filing under Section 505(b)(2) in connection with GTx-102; and the ability to
 receive FDA approval for marketing GTx-102;

the future prospects of our GTx-101 drug candidate, including but not limited to GTx-101 s potential to be administered to postherpetic neuralgia PHN patients to treat the severe nerve pain associated
 with the disease; assumptions about the biphasic delivery mechanism of GTx-101, including its potential for rapid onset and continuous pain relief for up to eight hours; and the timing and outcomes of single ascending dose/multiple
 ascending dose and PK bridging studies, and a Phase 2 and Phase 3 efficacy and safety study; the timing of an NDA filing under Section 505 (b)(2) of the FDCA for GTx-101; and the timing and ability to receive FDA approval for marketing
 GTx-101;

the quality of our clinical data, the cost and size of our development programs, expectations and forecasts related to our target markets and the size of our target markets; the cost and size of our
 commercial infrastructure and manufacturing needs in the United States, European Union, and the rest of the world; and our expected use of a range of third-party contract research organizations CROs and contract manufacturing
 organizations CMOs at multiple locations;

expectations and forecasts related to our intellectual property portfolio, including but not limited to the probability of receiving
 orphan drug exclusivity from the FDA for our leading pipeline drug candidates; our patent portfolio strategy; and outcomes of our patent filings and extent of patent protection;

our intellectual property position and duration of our patent rights;

our strategy, future operations, prospects, and the plans of our management with a goal to enhance shareholder value our need for additional financing, and our estimates regarding our operating runway and
 timing for future financing and capital requirements;

our expectations regarding our financial performance, including our costs and expenses, liquidity, and capital resources;

our projected capital requirements to fund our anticipated expenses; and

our ability to commercialize GTx-104 in the United States or establish strategic partnerships or commercial collaborations or obtain non-dilutive funding.

Although the forward-looking statements in this quarterly report are based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, you should not place undue reliance on those forward-looking
 statements since actual results may vary materially from them.

In addition, the forward-looking statements in this quarterly report are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control,
 that could cause our actual results and developments to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, among others:

We are heavily dependent on the success of our lead drug candidate, GTx-104.

Clinical development is a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. Failure can occur at any stage of
 clinical development.

We are subject to uncertainty relating to healthcare reform measures and reimbursement policies that, if not favorable to our drug candidates, could hinder or prevent our drug candidates commercial
 success.

If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our drug products, if approved, we may be unable to generate any revenue.

If we are unable to differentiate our drug products from branded reference drugs or existing generic therapies for similar treatments, or if the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities approve
 products that compete with any of our drug products, our ability to successfully commercialize our drug products would be adversely affected.

Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our intellectual property for our drug candidates.

Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage.

We do not have internal manufacturing capabilities, and if we fail to develop and maintain supply relationships with various third-party manufacturers, we may be unable to develop or commercialize our drug
 candidates.

The design, development, manufacture, supply, and distribution of our drug candidates are highly regulated and technically complex.

The other risks and uncertainties identified in Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form
 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2024.

3 

Table of Contents 

All of the forward-looking statements in this quarterly report are qualified by this cautionary statement. There can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be
 realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the consequences or effects on our business, financial condition, or results of operations that we anticipate. As a result, you should not place undue reliance on these
 forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not undertake to update or amend any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All forward-looking statements are made
 as of the date of this quarterly report.

We express all amounts in this quarterly report in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or otherwise indicated. References to are to U.S. dollars and references to
 CAD are to Canadian dollars.

Except as otherwise indicated, references in this quarterly report to Grace, Grace Therapeutics , Acasti, the Company, we, us and our refer to Grace Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly
 known as Acasti Pharma Inc.) and its consolidated subsidiary.

4 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1.
 Financial Information 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

6

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Loss and Comprehensive Loss 

7

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 

8

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

9

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

10

5 

Table of Contents 

GRACE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Formerly ACASTI PHARMA INC.)

Condensed Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 

(Unaudited)

September 30,

 2024

March 31,

 2024

(Expressed in thousands except share data)

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Short-term investments

Receivables

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Equipment, net

Intangible assets

Goodwill

Total assets

Liabilities and shareholders equity

Current liabilities:

Trade and other payables

Total current liabilities

Derivative warrant liabilities

Deferred tax liability

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 

Shareholders equity:

Class A common shares, par value per share;
 unlimited shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively

Class B, C, D and E common shares, par value per
 share; unlimited shares authorized; issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Accumulated deficit

Total shareholders equity

Total liabilities and shareholders equity

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.

6 

Table of Contents 

GRACE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Formerly ACASTI PHARMA INC.)

Condensed Consolidated
 Statements of
 Loss and Comprehensive Loss 

(Unaudited)

Three months ended

Six months ended

September 30,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

September 30,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

(Expressed in thousands, except share and per share data)

Operating expenses

Research and development expenses, net of government assistance

General and administrative

Restructuring cost

Loss from operating activities

Foreign exchange gain (loss) 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

Interest and other income, net

Total other income (expenses), net

Loss before income tax benefit

Income tax benefit

Net loss and total comprehensive loss

Basic and diluted loss per share

Weighted average number of shares outstanding

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.

7 

Table of Contents 

GRACE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Formerly ACASTI PHARMA INC)

Condensed Consolidated Statements of 
 Shareholders Equity 

(Unaudited)

Class A common shares

(Expressed in thousands except share data)

Number

Amount

Additional paid-

 in

 capital

Accumulated 

 other

 comprehensive 

 loss

Accumulated 

 deficit

Total 

 shareholders 

 equity

Balance, March 31, 2024

Issuance of common shares upon cashless exercise of pre-funded warrants

Net loss and total comprehensive loss for the period

Stock-based compensation

Balance at June 30, 2024

Net loss and total comprehensive loss for the period

Stock-based compensation

Balance at September 30, 2024

Class A common shares

(Expressed in thousands except share data)

Number

Amount

Additional paid-

 in

 capital

Accumulated 

 other

 comprehensive 

 loss

Accumulated 

 deficit

Total shareholders 

 equity

Balance, March 31, 2023

Net loss and total comprehensive loss for the period

Stock-based compensation

Balance at June 30, 2023

Issuance of common shares and pre-funded warrants through private placement, net of offering costs

Issuance of common shares upon the exercise of stock options

Net loss and total comprehensive loss for the period

Stock-based compensation

Balance at September 30, 2023

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.

8 

Table of Contents 

GRACE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Formerly ACASTI PHARMA INC.)

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
 Cash Flows 

(Unaudited)

Six months ended

September 30,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

(Expressed in thousands)

Cash flows used in operating activities:

Net loss

Adjustments:

Depreciation expense

Gain on sale of equipment

Stock-based compensation

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

Deferred income tax benefit

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Receivables

Prepaid expenses

Trade and other payables

Operating lease right of use asset

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Proceeds from sale of equipment

Purchase of short-term investments

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Net proceeds from issuance of common shares and warrants from private Placement

Proceeds from issuance of common shares from exercise of stock options

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period

Cash and cash equivalents are comprised of:

Cash

Cash equivalents

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.

9 

Table of Contents 

GRACE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Formerly ACASTI PHARMA, INC.)

Notes to Condensed
 Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)

(Expressed in thousands except share and per share data)

outstanding share of common stock, par value per share, of Acasti Delaware. The Company s common stock continues to be listed for trading
 on Nasdaq and in connection with its corporate name change to Grace Therapeutics, Inc., commenced trading under the symbol GRCE on October 28, 2024. 

10 

Table of Contents 

million, before deducting fees and expenses. The Company
 issued and sold an aggregate of Common Shares, pre-funded warrants (the Pre-funded Warrants to purchase up to an
 aggregate of Common Shares, each at a purchase price of per Common Share and accompanying common warrants (the Common Warrants and, together with the Pre-funded Warrants, the Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of Common Shares. The Company currently uses the net proceeds from the private placement for clinical trial expenses to further the Phase 3
 clinical trial for GTx-104, pre-commercial planning, working capital and other general corporate purposes. The Company believes its existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund the Company s operations into the second calendar
 quarter of 2026.

11 

Table of Contents 

Guaranteed investment certificate classified as short-term investments

Total assets

Liabilities

Derivative warrant liabilities

Total liabilities

12 

Table of Contents 

Total assets

Liabilities

Derivative warrant liabilities

Total liabilities

Government assistance

Interest receivable

Other receivables

Total receivables

and maturing on 

Total short-term investments

13 

Table of Contents 

Accrued liabilities and other payables

Employee salaries and benefits payable

Total trade and other payables

over a -month base lease term with an option to renew
 for an additional -month term. In April 2023, the Company elected not to renew the additional 48-month option to renew and
 terminated the lease on March 31, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had month to month lease for its principal executive
 offices in Princeton Junction, NJ.

Total lease expense

Common Shares, at a purchase price of 
 per Common Share and Pre-funded Warrants to purchase up to Common Shares at a purchase price equal to the purchase price per
 Common Share less . Each Pre-funded Warrant is exercisable for Common Share at an exercise price of per Common Share, is
 immediately exercisable, and will expire once exercised in full. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company also issued, to such institutional and accredited investors, Common Warrants to purchase Common Shares exercisable for an aggregate
 of Common Shares. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, for each Common Share and each Pre-funded Warrant issued in the
 Offering, an accompanying five-eighths ) of a Common Warrant was issued to the purchaser thereof. Each whole Common Warrant is
 exercisable for Common Share at an exercise price of per Common Share, is immediately exercisable, and will expire on the earlier of (i) the 60th day after the date of the acceptance by the FDA of an NDA for the Company s
 product candidate GTx-104 or (ii) from the date of issuance. The Offering closed on September 25, 2023. The net proceeds
 to the Company from the Offering were , after deducting fees and expenses.

of Common Stock outstanding prior to the Offering, resulting in proceeds of . As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the
 balance of derivative warrant liabilities from these related parties was and , respectively.

Pre-funded Warrants, 
 were exercised into Common Shares.

14 

Table of Contents 

Common Shares in the Offering pursuant to the terms of the
 Purchase Agreement entered into with certain institutional and accredited investors.

and issuance costs of allocated to Common Warrants. Accordingly, and of the gross proceeds
 were allocated to Common Shares and Pre-funded Warrants, respectively, and and of issuance costs were allocated to Common Shares and Pre-funded Warrants, respectively.

Issued during the period

Change in fair value 

Ending balance

from the date on issuance.

Share price

Expected warrant life

Dividend yield

Expected volatility

and per Common Warrant as of September 30, 2024, and March 31, 2024, respectively. The risk-free interest rate at the issue date and on the reporting date of September 30,
 2024 was based on the interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate issue with a remaining term equal to the expected term of the Common Warrants. The expected volatility was based on the historical volatility for the Company. 

Common Shares, with an exercise price of , all of which were classified as derivative warrant liabilities. During the six months ended September 2024, Pre-funded Warrants were exercised into 
 Common Shares. At September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding Pre-funded Warrants to purchase Common Shares, with an
 exercise price of , all of which were classified within shareholders equity. 

15 

Table of Contents 

awards available under the Stock Option Plan for issuance.

of the aggregate number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company as of July 28, 2022. The terms and conditions for acquiring and exercising
 options are set by the Company s Board of Directors, subject to, among others, the following limitations: the term of the options cannot exceed and (i) all options granted to a director will be vested evenly on a monthly basis over a period of at least twelve (12) months, and (ii) all options granted to an employee will be vested evenly on a quarterly basis over
 a period of at least thirty-six (36) months.

of the Company s total issued and outstanding
 Common Shares (on a non-diluted basis). The total number of options issued within any twelve-month period to all directors, employees and/or consultants of the Company (or any subsidiary of the Company) conducting investor relations services
 cannot exceed in the aggregate of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Shares (on a non-diluted basis), calculated at the
 date an option is granted to any such person.

Granted

Outstanding, September 30, 2024

Exercisable, September 30, 2024

. The fair value of options granted was estimated using the
 Black-Scholes option pricing model, resulting in the following weighted-average assumptions for the options granted: 

Share price

Dividend

Risk-free interest

Estimated life (years)

Expected volatility

16 

Table of Contents 

General and administrative expenses

of total unrecognized compensation cost, related to non-vested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining
 weighted-average vesting period of years. 

restricted share units,
 performance share units, restricted shares, deferred share units and other stock-based awards, subject to restricted conditions as may be determined by the Board of Directors. There were such awards outstanding at September 30, 2024, and 
 stock-based compensation was recognized for the three and the six months ended September 30, 2024.

September 2023 Common Warrants

17 

Table of Contents 

of commitments to CMOs and million of commitments to CROs for the next twelve months. 

million based on the value of krill oil at that time. As of March 31, 2022, the remaining balance of commitment amounted to million. During the second calendar quarter of 2022, AKBM informed the Company that AKBM believed it had satisfied the terms of the supply
 agreement as to their obligation to deliver the remaining balance of raw krill oil product, and that the Company was therefore required to accept the remaining product commitment. The Company disagreed with AKBM s position and believed that AKBM
 was not entitled to further payment under the supply agreement. Accordingly, no liability was recorded by the Company. The dispute remained unresolved as of both March 31, 2023 and 2022. On October 18, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement
 with AKBM to settle any and all potential claims regarding amounts due under the supply agreement Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, in exchange for a release and waiver of claims arising out of the
 supply agreement by AKBM and any of AKBM s affiliates, the Company and AKBM agreed to the following: (a) AKBM retained ownership of all raw krill oil product, including amounts previously delivered to the Company, (b) AKBM acquired and took
 ownership of all production equipment related to the production of CaPre, (c) AKBM acquired and took ownership of all data from research, clinical trials and pre-clinical studies with respect to CaPre, and (d) AKBM acquired and took ownership
 over all rights, title and interest in and to all intellectual property rights, including all patents and trademarks, related to CaPre owned by the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, AKBM acknowledged that the CaPre
 assets were transferred on an as is basis, and in connection therewith the Company disclaimed all representations and warranties in connection with the CaPre assets, including any representations with respect to performance or sufficiency. The
 value of the raw krill oil previously delivered to the Company, the production equipment, and the intellectual property rights related to CaPre were fully impaired in prior reporting periods and had a carrying value of zero as of March 31, 2023.
 For the three and the six months ended September 30, 2024, there was nil and , respectively, in expenses recorded by the Company in relation to shipping cost to transport the Company s production equipment related to the production of CaPre.

reserves or liabilities have been accrued at September 30, 2024. 

in costs primarily
 consisting of employee severance costs and legal fees. There were restructuring costs incurred during the three and the six
 months ended September 30, 2024.

18 

Table of Contents 

shares of common stock available for issuance
 under the 2024 Plan. No awards may be made under the Prior Plans. However, shares of common stock reserved under the Prior Plans to settle awards that were made under the Prior Plans prior to the Effective Date may be issued and delivered
 following the Effective Date to settle such awards.

after the Effective Date and maybe terminated on any earlier date as provided by the 2024 Plan, provided the incentive stock
 options may not be granted under the 10th year anniversary of the Board s adoption of the 2024 Plan.

19 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 

This management s discussion and analysis MD A is presented in order to provide the reader with an overview of the financial results and
 changes to our consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2024. This MD A also explains the material variations in our results of operations for the three and the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, consolidated balance sheets as
 of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, and cash flows for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.

Market data, and certain industry data and forecasts included in this MD A were obtained from internal Company surveys and market research conducted by third parties hired by us, publicly
 available information, reports of governmental agencies and industry publications, and independent third-party surveys. We have relied upon industry publications as our primary sources for third-party industry data and forecasts. Industry
 surveys, publications and forecasts generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that the accuracy and completeness of that information are not guaranteed. We have not independently
 verified any of the data from third-party sources or the underlying economic assumptions they have made. Similarly, internal surveys, industry forecasts and market research, which we believe to be reliable based upon our management s or
 contracted third parties knowledge of our industry, have not been independently verified. Our estimates involve risks and uncertainties, including assumptions that may prove not to be accurate, and these estimates and certain industry data are
 subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in this quarterly report and in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on June 21, 2024 (the Annual
 Report ). This MD A contains forward-looking information. You should review our Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements presented at the beginning of this quarterly report.

This MD A should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the three and the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included
 elsewhere in this quarterly report. Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

All amounts appearing in this MD A for the period-by-period discussions are in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts or unless otherwise indicated.

Business Overview

We are focused on developing and commercializing products for rare and orphan diseases that have the potential to improve clinical outcomes by
 using our novel drug delivery technologies. We seek to apply new proprietary formulations to approved and marketed pharmaceutical compounds to achieve enhanced efficacy, faster onset of action, reduced side effects, more convenient drug
 delivery and increased patient compliance; all of which could result in improved patient outcomes. The active pharmaceutical ingredients used in the drug candidates under development by Grace Therapeutics may be already approved in a target
 indication or could be repurposed for use in new indications.

The existing well understood efficacy and safety profiles of these marketed compounds provide the opportunity for us to utilize the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway under the Federal Food,
 Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA for the development of our reformulated versions of these drugs, and therefore may provide a potentially shorter path to regulatory approval. Under Section 505(b)(2), if sufficient support of a product s safety and
 efficacy either through previous U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA experience or sufficiently within the existing and accepted scientific literature, can be established, it may eliminate the need to conduct some of the pre-clinical
 studies and clinical trials that new drug candidates might otherwise require.

Our therapeutic pipeline consists of three unique clinical-stage drug candidates supported by an intellectual property portfolio of more than 40 granted and pending patents in various
 jurisdictions worldwide. These drug candidates aim to improve clinical outcomes in the treatment of rare and orphan diseases by applying proprietary formulation and drug delivery technologies to existing pharmaceutical compounds to achieve
 improvements over the current standard of care, or to provide treatment for diseases with no currently approved therapies.

We believe that rare disorders represent an attractive area for drug development, and there remains an opportunity for us to utilize already approved drugs that have established safety profiles and clinical experience
 to potentially address significant unmet medical needs. A key advantage of pursuing therapies for rare disorders is the potential to receive orphan drug designation ODD from the FDA. Our three drug candidates have received ODD status,
 provided certain conditions are met at new drug application NDA approval. ODD provides for seven years of marketing exclusivity in the United States post-launch, provided certain conditions are met, and the potential for faster regulatory
 review. ODD status can also result in tax credits of up to 50 of clinical development costs conducted in the United States upon marketing approval and a waiver of the NDA fees, which we estimate can translate into savings of approximately 3.2
 million for our lead drug candidate, GTx-104. Developing drugs for rare diseases can often allow for clinical trials that are more manageably scaled and may require a smaller, more targeted commercial infrastructure.

20 

Table of Contents 

The specific diseases targeted for drug development by us are well understood, although the patient populations suffering from such diseases may remain poorly served by available therapies or,
 in some cases, approved therapies do not yet exist. We aim to effectively treat debilitating symptoms that result from these underlying diseases.

Our management team possesses significant experience in drug formulation and drug delivery research and development, clinical and pharmaceutical
 development and manufacturing, regulatory affairs, and business development, as well as being well-versed in late-stage drug development and commercialization. Importantly, our team is comprised of industry professionals with deep expertise and
 knowledge, including a world-renowned practicing neurosurgeon-scientist and respected authority in aSAH, as well as product development, chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC ), planning, implementation, management, and execution of global
 Phase 2 and Phase 3 trials for GTx-104, and drug commercialization.

Our Pipeline

GTx-104 is a clinical-stage, novel, injectable formulation of nimodipine being developed for intravenous IV infusion in aneurysmal subarachnoid
 hemorrhage aSAH patients to address significant unmet medical needs. The unique nanoparticle technology of GTx-104 facilitates aqueous formulation of insoluble nimodipine for a standard peripheral IV infusion. GTx-104 provides a
 convenient IV delivery of nimodipine in the intensive care unit eliminating the need for nasogastric tube administration in unconscious or dysphagic patients. IV delivery of GTx-104 also has the potential to lower food effects,
 drug-to-drug interactions, and eliminate potential dosing errors. Further, GTx-104 has the potential to better manage hypotension in aSAH patients.

GTx-102 is an oral-mucosal betamethasone spray for the treatment of Ataxia Telangiectasia A-T ), a complex orphan pediatric genetic neurodegenerative
 disorder usually diagnosed in young children, for which no FDA approved treatment currently exists.

GTx-101 is a topical bio adhesive film-forming bupivacaine spray for Postherpetic Neuralgia PHN ), which can be persistent and often causes debilitating pain following
 infection by the shingles virus. We believe that GTx-101 could be administered to patients with PHN to treat pain associated with the disease. 

In May 2023, we announced the strategic decision to prioritize development of GTx-104 with a goal to advance the product candidate to commercialization, while conserving resources as much as possible to complete
 development efficiently. We estimate that the deferral of GTx-102 and GTx-101 clinical development could be at least three years given the timeline to complete the development and potential commercial launch of GTx-104. Further development of
 GTx-102 and GTx-101 will occur at such time as we obtain additional funding or enter into strategic partnerships for license or sale with third parties.

21 

Table of Contents 

GTx-104 

About aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (aSAH)

aSAH is bleeding over the surface of the brain in the subarachnoid space between the brain and the skull, which contains blood vessels that supply the brain. A primary cause of such bleeding is
 rupture of an aneurysm. The result is a relatively uncommon type of stroke (aSAH) that accounts for about 5 of all strokes and has an incidence of six per 100,000 person years.

Nimodipine Overview

Nimodipine was granted FDA approval in 1988 and is the only approved drug that has been clinically shown to improve neurological outcomes in aSAH patients. It is only available in the United
 States as a generic oral capsule and as a branded oral liquid solution called NYMALIZE , which is manufactured and sold by Arbor Pharmaceuticals (acquired in September 2021 by Azurity Pharmaceuticals). Nimodipine has poor water solubility and
 high permeability characteristics because of its high lipophilicity. Additionally, orally administered nimodipine has dose-limiting side-effects such as hypotension, poor absorption and low bioavailability resulting from high first-pass
 metabolism, and a narrow administration window as food effects lower bioavailability significantly. Due to these issues, blood levels of orally administered nimodipine can be highly variable, making it difficult to manage blood pressure in aSAH
 patients. Nimodipine capsules are also difficult to administer, particularly to unconscious patients or those with impaired ability to swallow. Concomitant use with CYP3A inhibitors is contraindicated (NIMODIPINE Capsule PI).

NIMOTOP is an injectable form of nimodipine that is manufactured by Bayer Healthcare. It is approved in Europe and in other regulated markets (but not in the United States). It has limited
 utility for aSAH patients because of its high organic solvent content, namely 23.7 ethanol and 17 polyethylene glycol 400 (NIMOTOP SmPC).

GTx-104 Overview

GTx-104 is a clinical-stage, novel, injectable of nimodipine for IV infusion in aSAH patients. It uses surfactant micelles as the drug carrier to solubilize nimodipine. This unique nimodipine aqueous
 formulation is composed of a nimodipine base, an effective amount of polysorbate 80, a non-ionic hydrophilic surfactant, and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier for injection. GTx-104 is supplied as an aqueous concentrate that upon
 dilution with saline, dextrose, or lactated ringer, is a ready-to-use infusion solution, which is stable and clear.

Key potential benefits of GTx-104 include:

Novel nanoparticle technology facilitates aqueous formulation of insoluble nimodipine for a safe, standard peripheral IV infusion

Better control of blood pressure and improved management of hypotension

100 bioavailability

Eliminates food effects that impact the absorption of the oral form of nimodipine

Lower inter and intra-subject variability as compared to oral nimodipine

GTx-104 could provide a more convenient mode of administration as compared to generic nimodipine capsules or NYMALIZE . GTx-104 is administered as
 an IV infusion compared to oral administration via a nasogastric tube in unconscious patients every four hours for both nimodipine capsules and NYMALIZE . Therefore, GTx-104 could make a major contribution to patient care by potentially
 reducing the dosing associated nursing burden. More convenient, continuous, and consistent dosing may also reduce the risk of medication errors. In addition, as depicted in the charts below, the GTx-140-002 PK study conducted by us has shown
 that GTx-104 has the potential to provide improved bioavailability and show reduced inter- and intra-subject variability compared to oral nimodipine, which is hypothesized to limit the risk of hypotension and to better achieve desired
 therapeutic concentration. Following the capsule administration, the variability was observed higher as compared to IV infusion administration (nimodipine exposure variability at steady state observed 37.5 following oral capsule administration
 versus 15.5 , following GTx-104 IV infusion). Because of its IV formulation, we also expect GTx-104 to reduce certain drug-drug interactions and food effects.

22 

Table of Contents 

Despite the positive impact it has on recovery, physicians often must discontinue their patients from oral nimodipine, primarily as a result of hypotensive episodes that cannot be controlled by titrating the oral form
 of drug. Such discontinuation could potentially be avoided by administering GTx-104, which because of its IV administration, may reduce the complexity associated with the need for careful attention to the timing of nimodipine administration at
 least one hour before or two hours after a meal. Also, unconscious patients will likely receive more consistent concentrations of nimodipine when delivered via the IV route as compared to oral gavage or a nasogastric tube. More consistent
 dosing is expected to result in a reduction of vasospasm and better, more consistent management of hypotension. As summarized in the table below, we also anticipate reduced use of rescue therapies, such as vasopressors, and expensive hospital
 resources, such as the angiography suite, are possible by more effectively managing blood pressure with GTx-104. Reduced incidences of vasospasm could result in shorter length of stay and better outcomes.

GTx-104 Market Opportunity

Approximately 50,000 patients in the United States are affected by aSAH per year, based on market research. Outside of the United States, annual cases of aSAH are estimated at approximately 60,000
 in the European Union, and approximately 150,000 in China.

23 

Table of Contents 

In contrast to more common types of ischemic stroke in elderly individuals, aSAH often occurs at a relatively young age, with approximately half the affected patients younger than 60 years old. Approximately 10 
 to 15 of aSAH patients die before reaching the hospital, and those who survive the initial hours post hemorrhage are admitted or transferred to tertiary care centers with high risk of complications, including rebleeding and delayed cerebral
 ischemia DCI ). Systemic manifestations affecting cardiovascular, pulmonary, and renal function are common and often complicate management of DCI. 

We estimate that total addressable market for aSAH is approximately 300 million in the U.S. There are an estimated 150,000 aSAH patients each
 year in China and approximately 55,000 patients in the European Union. The unmet needs in the treatment of aSAH and the potential of GTx-104 to address the limitations of the current standard of care were the subject of a Key Opinion Leader
 KOL event we hosted on October 4, 2023 and will be discussed further at our KOL event planned for November 2024. In an independent market research survey we conducted of hospital administrators, critical and neuro intensive care
 physicians at institutions with Comprehensive or Advanced Stroke Center certification who are involved in purchasing decisions for their institutions/units, respondents reported 80 likelihood of adopting an IV formulation of nimodipine
 (GTx-104), assuming 100 bioavailability, better safety, no food effects, effective hypotension management, potential hospital value and patient value.

GTx-104 Phase 1 PK Trial

In September 2021, we initiated our pivotal PK bridging trial to evaluate the relative bioavailability of GTx-104 compared to currently marketed oral nimodipine capsules in approximately 50
 healthy subjects. The PK trial was the next required step in our proposed 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for GTx-104.

Final results from this pivotal PK trial were reported in May 2022, and showed that the bioavailability of GTx-104 compared favorably with the oral formulation of nimodipine in all subjects, and
 no serious adverse events were observed for GTx-104.

All endpoints indicated that statistically there was no difference in exposures between GTx-104 and oral nimodipine over the defined time periods for both maximum exposure and total exposure.
 Plasma concentrations obtained following IV administration showed significantly less variability between subjects as compared to oral administration of capsules, since IV administration is not as sensitive to some of the physiological processes
 that affect oral administration, such as taking the drug with and without meals, variable gastrointestinal transit time, variable drug uptake from the gastrointestinal tract into the systemic circulation, and variable hepatic blood flow and
 hepatic first pass metabolism. Previous studies have shown these processes significantly affect the oral bioavailability of nimodipine, and therefore cause oral administration to be prone to larger inter- and intra-subject variability.

The bioavailability of oral nimodipine capsules observed was only approximately 8 compared to 100 for GTx-104. Consequently, about one-twelfth
 the amount of nimodipine is delivered with GTx-104 to achieve the same blood levels as with the oral capsules. This data is presented in the chart below.

No serious adverse events and no adverse events leading to withdrawal were reported during the trial.

GTx-104 has been administered in over 150 healthy volunteers and was well tolerated with significantly lower inter- and intra-subject pharmacokinetic PK variability compared to oral
 nimodipine.

GTx-104 Pivotal Phase 3 STRIVE-ON Randomized Safety Trial 

In April 2023, we received a Type C written meeting response and clarifying feedback from the FDA on our proposed pivotal Phase 3 safety trial for GTx-104. The FDA provided additional comments on
 our development plan that, pending submission of the final clinical protocol and FDA approval, would allow us to proceed with a pivotal Phase 3 safety clinical trial in aSAH patients. On July 5, 2023, we announced the alignment with the FDA on
 our GTx-104 pivotal Phase 3 safety clinical trial protocol.

The FDA concurred with the suitability of the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway with the selected Reference Listed Drug NIMOTOP oral capsules NDA 018869 ), and that our GTx-104-002 PK trial may have
 met the criteria for a scientific bridge.

The design of our Phase 3 safety clinical trial, which we have titled STRIVE-ON (Safety, Tolerability, Randomized, IV and Oral Nimodipine ; the STRIVE-ON trial NCT05995405), is a prospective, open-label, randomized (1:1 ratio), parallel group trial of GTx-104 compared with oral nimodipine, in patients hospitalized for aSAH. Key trial design features include: 

Approximately 100 patients will be enrolled at an estimated 25 hospitals in the U.S.

The primary endpoint is safety and will be measured as comparative adverse events, including hypotension, between the two groups.

GTx-104 will be administered as a continuous IV infusion of 0.15 mg/hour, and a 30-minute IV bolus of 4 mg every 4 hours. Oral nimodipine will be administered as 60 mg (two 30 mg capsules) every 4 hours.

24 

Table of Contents 

Both groups will receive their assigned GTx-104 or oral nimodipine for up to 21 consecutive days and will be evaluated from commencement of patient treatment through a 90-day follow-up period.

On October 23, 2023, we enrolled our first patient in the STRIVE-ON trial, and on September 25, 2024, we announced the completion of enrollment.
 We anticipate a data readout from the STRIVE-ON trial in first calendar quarter 2025, and plan to submit an NDA to the FDA in the first half of calendar year 2025. If approved, GTx-104 has the potential to address significant challenges with
 oral nimodipine administration and may transform the standard of care for patients with aSAH.

GTx-102 Overview

GTx-102 is a novel, concentrated oral-mucosal spray of betamethasone intended to improve neurological symptoms of A-T for which there are currently no FDA-approved therapies. GTx-102 is a
 stable, concentrated oral spray formulation comprised of the gluco-corticosteroid betamethasone that, together with other excipients can be sprayed conveniently over the tongue of the A-T patient and is rapidly absorbed.

About Ataxia Telangiectasia

A-T is a rare genetic progressive autosomal recessive neurodegenerative disorder that affects children, with the hallmark symptoms of cerebellar ataxia and other motor dysfunction, and dilated
 blood vessels (telangiectasia) that occur in the sclera of the eyes. A-T is caused by mutations in the ataxia telangiectasia gene, which is responsible for modulating cellular response to stress, including breaks in the double strands of DNA.

Children with A-T begin to experience balance and coordination problems when they begin to walk (toddler age), and ultimately become wheelchair-bound in their second decade of life. In
 pre-adolescence (between ages 5 and 8), patients experience oculomotor apraxia, dysarthria, and dysphagia. They also often develop compromised immune systems and are at increased risk of developing respiratory tract infections and cancer
 (typically lymphomas and leukemia).

A-T is diagnosed through a combination of clinical assessment (especially neurologic and oculomotor deficits), laboratory analysis, and genetic testing. There is no known treatment to slow
 disease progression, and treatments that are used are strictly aimed at controlling the symptoms (e.g., physical, occupational or speech therapy for neurologic issues), or conditions secondary to the disease (e.g., antibiotics for lung
 infections, chemotherapy for cancer, etc.). There are no FDA-approved therapeutic options currently available. Patients typically die by age 25 from complications of lung disease or cancer. According to a third-party report we commissioned, A-T
 affects approximately 4,300 patients per year in the United States and has a potential total addressable market of 150 million, based on the number of treatable patients in the United States.

GTx-102 - Research Development and Clinical Trials to Date

25 

Table of Contents 

We have licensed the data from the multicenter, double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled crossover trial from Azienda Ospedaliera Universitaria Senese, Siena, Italy, where Dr. Zannolli
 et. al. studied the effect of oral liquid solution of betamethasone to reduce ataxia symptoms in patients with A-T. This oral liquid solution is not marketed in the United States, and therefore is not available for clinical use. Currently,
 betamethasone is only available in the United States as an injectable or as a topical cream. This license gives us the right to reference the trial s data in our NDA filing. On November 12, 2015, we submitted the data from the Zannolli trial to
 the FDA s Division of Neurology at a pre-Investigational New Drug IND meeting and received guidance from the agency on the regulatory requirements to seek approval.

In a multicenter, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled crossover trial conducted in Italy, Dr. Zannolli et al. studied the effect of an oral liquid solution of betamethasone on the
 reduction of ataxia symptoms in 13 children (between ages 2 to 8 years) with A-T. The primary outcome measure was the reduction in ataxia symptoms as assessed by the International Cooperative Ataxia Rating Scale ICARS ).

In the trial, oral liquid betamethasone reduced the ICARS total score by a median of 13 points in the intent-to-treat population and 16 points in the per-protocol population (the median percent
 decreases of ataxia symptoms of 28 and 31 , respectively). Adverse events in the trial were minimal, with no compulsory withdrawals and only minor side effects that did not require medical intervention. Clinical trial results in A-T patients
 administered oral betamethasone indicated that betamethasone significantly reduced ICARS total score relative to placebo (P = 0.01). The median ICARS change score (change in score with betamethasone minus change in score with placebo) was -13
 points (95 confidence interval for the difference in medians was -19 to -5.5 points).

Based on the Zannolli data, we believe that our GTx-102 concentrated oral spray has the potential to provide clinical benefits in decreasing A-T symptoms, including assessments of posture and gait
 disturbance and kinetic, speech and oculomotor functions. In addition, GTx-102 may ease drug administration for patients experiencing A-T given its application of 1-3x/day of 140 L of concentrated betamethasone liquid sprayed onto the tongue
 using a more convenient metered dose delivery system, as these A-T patients typically have difficulty swallowing.

GTx-102 PK Data to Date:

GTx-102 administered as a concentrated oral spray achieves similar blood levels at only 1/70th the volume of an oral solution of betamethasone. This more convenient mode of administration will be
 important for A-T patients who have difficulties swallowing large volumes of liquids.

We initiated a PK bridging trial of GTx-102 as compared to the oral liquid solution of betamethasone used in the Zannolli trial and against the injectable form of betamethasone that is approved in the U.S. in the
 third calendar quarter of 2022. The primary objectives of the PK bridging trial were to evaluate the bioavailability, pharmacokinetics, and safety of GTx-102. In December 2022, we reported that the topline results of this trial met all primary
 outcome measures.

26 

Table of Contents 

Results showed that GTx-102 betamethasone blood concentrations were highly predictable and consistent based on AUC (the area under the concentration time curve up to 72 hours post-dose, extrapolated
 to infinity) and Cmax (the maximum concentration occurring between 0 hour to 72 hours after trial drug administration), indicating good linearity and dose-proportionality. GTx-102 betamethasone blood concentrations were within the same range of
 exposure as IM betamethasone, based on AUC. This IM formulation will serve as a bridge for GTx-102 in the context of the proposed 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. GTx-102 betamethasone blood concentrations were also within the same range of exposure
 as Oral Solution OS ), based on AUC. This OS formulation was used by Zannolli and may serve as a clinical comparator for further clinical development. Furthermore, statistically there was no significant difference (p>0.05) between GTx-102
 administered at a fast rate (each spray immediately following the preceding one) vs. a slow rate (1 spray/minute), as indicated by Cmax and AUC. We believe this result is important because being able to use the fast or the slow rate of
 administration may provide greater flexibility for patients and caregivers. The Cmax of GTx-102 was within the same range of exposure as the OS, but the Cmax for the IM formulation was lower than both GTx-102 and the OS, as well as what has been
 reported previously for the IM in industry publications. It is important to note that achieving bioequivalence with the IM was not an objective of this trial, nor was it expected. Finally, of the 48 healthy adult subjects, no serious adverse
 events were reported, and the most frequent drug-related adverse effect was mild headache (4 cases).

The further clinical development of GTx-102 has been deprioritized in favor of our focus on development of GTx-104. However, we plan to collaborate with clinical experts to design the Phase 3 safety
 and efficacy protocol for GTx-102 and gain alignment with the FDA on the development path forward. Further clinical development work will be contingent on additional funding for GTx-102 or the signing of a strategic partnership. It is also
 possible that we may license or sell our GTx-102 drug candidate.

27 

Table of Contents 

GTx-101 Overview

GTx-101 is a non-narcotic, topical bio-adhesive film-forming bupivacaine spray designed to ease the symptoms of patients suffering with postherpetic neuralgia PHN ). GTx-101 is administered via a
 metered-dose of bupivacaine spray and forms a thin bio-adhesive topical film on the surface of the patient s skin, which enables a touch-free, non-greasy application. It also comes in convenient, portable 30 ml plastic bottles. Unlike oral
 gabapentin and lidocaine patches which are used for the treatment of PHN, we believe that the biphasic delivery mechanism of GTx-101 has the potential for rapid onset of action and continuous pain relief for up to eight hours. No skin sensitivity
 was reported in a Phase 1 trial.

About Postherpetic Neuralgia (PHN)

PHN is neuropathic pain due to damage caused by the varicella zoster virus VZV ). Infection with VZV causes two distinct clinical conditions. Primary VZV infection causes varicella (i.e.,
 chickenpox), a contagious rash illness that typically occurs among young children. Secondary VZV can reactivate clinically, decades after initial infection, to cause herpes zoster HZ ), otherwise known as shingles. Acute HZ arises when dormant
 virus particles, persisting within an affected sensory ganglion from the earlier, primary infection with VZV become reactivated when cellular immunity to varicella decreases. Viral particles replicate and may spread to the dorsal root, into the
 dorsal horn of the spinal cord, and through peripheral sensory nerve fibers down to the level of the skin. Viral particles also may circulate in the blood. This reactivation is accompanied by inflammation of the skin, immune response, hemorrhage,
 and destruction of peripheral and central neurons and their fibers. Following such neural degeneration, distinct types of pathophysiological mechanisms involving both the central and peripheral nervous systems may give rise to the severe nerve
 pain associated with PHN.

While the rash associated with HZ typically heals within two to four weeks, the pain may persist for months or even years, and this PHN manifestation is the most common and debilitating
 complication of HZ. There is currently no consensus definition for PHN, but it has been suggested by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC that PHN is best defined as pain lasting at least three months after resolution of the
 rash.

28 

Table of Contents 

PHN is associated with significant loss of function and reduced quality of life, particularly in the elderly. It has a detrimental effect on all
 aspects of a patient s quality of life. The nature of PHN pain varies from mild to severe, constant, intermittent, or triggered by trivial stimuli. Approximately half of patients with PHN describe their pain as horrible or excruciating, 
 ranging in duration from a few minutes to constant on a daily or almost daily basis. The pain can disrupt sleep, mood, work, and activities of daily living, adversely impacting the quality of life and leading to social withdrawal and
 depression. PHN is the foremost cause of intractable, debilitating pain in the elderly, and has been cited as the leading cause of suicide in chronic pain patients over the age of 70.

Current treatment of PHN most often consists of oral gabapentin (first line) and prescription lidocaine patches or antidepressants (second line), and refractory cases may be prescribed opioids to
 address persistent pain. Gabapentin and opioid abuse have continued to proliferate, and lidocaine patches are suboptimal for many reasons. An independent third-party market research firm we commissioned interviewed more than 250 physicians who
 regularly treat PHN patients and found that approximately 40 of patients using lidocaine patches experience insufficient pain relief. Lidocaine patches are difficult to use, fall off, and look unsightly with possible skin sensitivity and
 irritation. Additionally, lidocaine patches can only be used for 12 hours and then need to be removed for 12 hours before being reapplied. Prescription lidocaine patches are only approved for PHN, and the market is currently made up of both
 branded and generic offerings. It is estimated that PHN affects approximately 120,000 patients per year in the United States. According to a third-party report, the total addressable market for GTx-101 could be as large as 2.5 billion,
 consisting of approximately 200 million for PHN pain and 2.3 billion for non-PHN pain indications.

GTx-101 Research Development History and Clinical Trials Completed to Date

To date, we have conducted four Phase I trials in healthy volunteers to assess the PK, safety, and tolerability of GTx-101 and to determine the plasma levels of bupivacaine HCl administered as a
 single dose in various concentrations between 30 mg (three sprays) and 2100 mg (twenty sprays).

These trials confirmed that bupivacaine delivered as a topical spray (GTx-101) is well absorbed through the skin, as demonstrated in the graph below, while very little is absorbed systemically.

In all four trials, the administration of GTx-101 to healthy volunteers was safe and well tolerated. In addition, no evidence of skin irritation was observed at the application site following the
 spray administrations. The data below is from two separate trials of GTx-101 and the Lidoderm patch superimposed on each other.

GTx-101 activities:

The data from the single dose Phase 1 clinical trial for GTx-101 was submitted to the FDA s Division of Anesthesiology and feedback was received at a pre-IND meeting that informed the design of
 pre-clinical toxicology studies and a clinical and regulatory pathway to approval under section 505(b)(2). We completed a minipig skin sensitivity study in the second calendar quarter of 2022, and we initiated a single dose PK trial in healthy
 human volunteers in July 2022. Topline results from this single dose PK trial were reported in December 2022, and the results met all primary outcome measures.

29 

Table of Contents 

The median Tmax (the time of maximum concentration between 0 hour and 240 hours after study drug administration) of bupivacaine in plasma following GTx-101 single-dose topical applications ranged
 between 18 to 24 hours depending on dose, while the median Tmax following the subcutaneous injection of 10 mg of bupivacaine was only 23 minutes. This result suggests that bupivacaine delivered by GTx-101 remains in the skin for a long period of
 time, potentially inducing prolonged analgesic effects in the sprayed area. The exposure to bupivacaine based on Cmax (the maximum concentration occurring at Tmax between 0 hour and 240 hours after study drug administration) and AUC (the area
 under the concentration time curve, extrapolated to infinity) following GTx-101 topical application as a single-dose increased with increasing dose.

The systemic exposure to bupivacaine following a 200mg dose of GTx-101 was approximately 29-fold less than a single subcutaneous dose of 10mg of bupivacaine based on Cmax and approximately 6-fold
 less than a single subcutaneous dose of 10mg of bupivacaine based on AUC. We predict these lower blood levels will correspond to an increased safety margin for GTx-101 with regards to toxicity risk. Mean half-life T half following GTx-101
 single-dose topical applications ranged between 24 to 37 hours depending on dose, suggesting a slow elimination and potentially long duration of effect, while mean Tmax following the subcutaneous injection of 10 mg of bupivacaine was only 8
 hours.

There were only two adverse events judged as related to the study drug by the investigator for each of GTx-101 and the bupivacaine subcutaneous injection. Following GTx-101 topical application:
 headache (1 event = 3 and numbness (1 event = 3 at the sprayed area following bupivacaine subcutaneous injection: dizziness (1 event = 8 and nausea (1 event = 8 ).

The further development of GTx-101 has been deprioritized in favor of our focus on development of GTx-104. Pending additional funding for GTx-101 or the signing of a strategic partnership, we plan
 to follow this successful PK trial with the next step of the clinical development plan including a multiple ascending dose trial. Results from these non-clinical studies and clinical trials are required before the initiation of our Phase 2
 program in PHN patients. It is also possible that we may license or sell our GTx-101 drug candidate.

30 

Table of Contents 

Overall Commercialization Strategy

We have worldwide commercialization rights for all our pipeline drug candidates and plan to maximize the value of each of our drug candidates over time. Currently, we have prioritized the development of GTx-104 over
 that of GTx-102 and GTx-101. If we receive regulatory approval for GTx-104 in the US, we may look to out-license its commercialization or consider self-commercialization including outsourcing sales to ensure efficient commercial management and
 maximize market penetration and financial returns. We may further seek commercial partnerships to fully exploit the market potential of GTx-104 in territories outside the US. It is possible that we out-license or sell GTx-102 and/or GTx-101 for
 the US and/or global markets.

Recent Developments

Completion of Patient Enrollment in Phase 3 STRIVE-ON Safety Trial of GTx-104

As noted above, on September 25, 2024, we announced the completion of enrollment in our Phrase 3 STRIVE-ON trial for GTx-104. We anticipate a
 data readout from the STRIVE-ON trial in first calendar quarter 2025 and plan to submit an NDA to the FDA in the first half of calendar year 2025.

Continuance and Domestication

We are a Delaware corporation that, as further described below, previously existed under the laws of the Province of Qu bec, Canada Acasti Qu bec ), before changing our jurisdiction on October 1, 2024, to the
 Province of British Columbia, Canada Acasti British Columbia ). On October 7, 2024, we changed our jurisdiction to the State of Delaware Acasti Delaware ). 

On October 1, 2024, we changed our jurisdiction of incorporation from the Province of Qu bec in Canada to the Province of British Columbia in
 Canada pursuant to a continuance effected in accordance with Chapter XII of the Business Corporations Act (Qu bec) (the Continuance ). Subsequently on October 7, 2024, we changed our jurisdiction of incorporation from the Province of British
 Columbia in Canada to the State of Delaware in the United States of America pursuant to a continuance effected in accordance with Section 308 of the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) and a domestication (the Domestication under Section 388 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). Both the Continuance and the Domestication were approved by our shareholders at our Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders held on September 30, 2024.

Prior to the Continuance and Domestication, our Class A common shares, without par value per share were listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
 Nasdaq under symbol ACST. Upon the effectiveness of the Continuance, each of our common shares at the time of the Continuance remained issued and outstanding as a common share, without par value per share, of Acasti British Columbia.
 Upon effectiveness of the Domestication, each of our outstanding common shares at the time of the Domestication automatically became one outstanding share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Acasti Delaware. Our common stock
 continues to be listed for trading on Nasdaq.

Corporate Name Change

Effective October 28, 2024, we changed our corporate name to Grace Therapeutics, Inc. and our common stock commenced trading under the trading symbol GRCE on Nasdaq.

Basis of Presentation of the Financial Statements

Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which include the accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries, have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the rules and
 regulations of the SEC related to quarterly reports filed on Form 10-Q. All intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation.

Our assets as of September 30, 2024, include cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaling 15.2 million and intangible
 assets and goodwill totaling 49.3 million . Our current liabilities total 2.7 million as of September 30, 2024 and are comprised primarily of amounts due to or accrued for creditors. The Company
 believes its cash runway will be sufficient to fund the Company s operations into the second calendar quarter of 2026. 

31 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations for the three and the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023

Three months ended

Six months ended

September 30,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

Increase (Decrease)

September 30,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

Increase (Decrease)

Operating expenses

Research and development expenses, net of government assistance

2,976

460

2,516

5,684

1,555

4,129

General and administrative expenses

1,855

1,632

223

4,109

3,506

603

Restructuring costs

1,485

(1,485

Loss from operating activities

(4,831

(2,092

2,739

(9,793

(6,546

3,247

Foreign exchange gain (loss) 

13

(13

26

5

(5

10

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

362

(1,826

2,188

1,756

(1,826

3,582

Interest and other income, net

172

212

(40

407

346

61

Income tax benefit

852

446

406

1,576

735

841

Net loss

(3,432

(3,273

159

(6,049

(7,296

(1,247

Net loss

The net loss of 3.4 million, or 0.30 per share, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 159 from the net loss of 3.3
 million, or 0.43 per share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net loss was primarily due to an increase in research and development expenses of 2.5 million and general and administrative expenses of 223, offset
 in part by a 2.2 million difference in the change in the fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and a 0.4 million increase in our income tax benefit.

The net loss of 6.0 million, or 0.53 per share, for the six months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 1.3 million from the net loss of 7.3
 million, or 0.97 per share, for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net loss was primarily due to a 3.6 million difference in the change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, an 841 increase in our income tax
 benefit, and a 1.5 million decrease in restructuring costs, partly offset by a 4.1 million increase in research and development expenses and a 603 increase in general and administrative expenses.

Research and development expenses, net of government assistance

Research and development expenses consist primarily of:

fees paid to external service providers such as CROs and CMOs related to clinical trials, including contractual obligations for clinical development, clinical sites, manufacturing and
 scale-up, and formulation of clinical drug supplies;

fees paid to contract service providers related to drug discovery efforts including chemistry and biology services; and

salaries and related expenses for research and development personnel, including expenses related to stock options.

We record research and development expenses as incurred.

Our research and development during the three and the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was focused primarily on our clinical development program for our GTx-104 drug candidate.

32 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes our research and development expenses:

Research and 

 development 
 expenses

Three months ended

Six months ended

September 30,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

Increase (Decrease)

September 30,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

Increase (Decrease)

Total third-party research and development expenses 1 

2,716

152

2,564

5,150

965

4,185

Government grants tax credits

4

(4

55

(55

Salaries and benefits

200

209

(9

408

435

(27

Research and development expense before stock-based compensation and depreciation

2,916

365

2,551

5,558

1,455

4,103

Stock-based compensation

60

83

(23

126

83

43

Depreciation and loss on disposal of equipment

12

(12

17

(17

Total

2,976

460

2,516

5,684

1,555

4,129

1 Total third-party research and development expenses are calculated before salaries and
 benefits, depreciation, write-off of equipment and stock-based compensation.

Total research and development expenses for the three and the six months ended September 30, 2024 were 3.0 million and 5.7 million, respectively,
 compared to 460 and 1.5 million for the three months and the six months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. This increase of 2.5 million and 4.1 million for the three and the six months period then ended, respectively, was primarily due
 to the increase in research activities for the GTx-104 pivotal Phase 3 safety clinical trial.

There were no government grants and tax credits for the three and the six months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4 and 55 for the three months
 and the six months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The changes within government grants and tax credits were due to adjustments of provisions regarding the estimated realizability of credits receivable after assessments and correspondence
 from tax authorities.

Stock-based compensation of 60 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 23 compared to 83 for the three months ended September
 30, 2023. Stock-based compensation of 126 for the six months ended September 30, 2024, increased by 43 compared to 83 for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease for the three months ended and the increase for the six months
 ended, was primarily due to the timing of the issuance of new grants.

General and administrative expenses

General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related benefits, including stock-based compensation, related to our executive, finance, legal, and support functions,
 including professional fees for auditing, tax, consulting, rent and utilities and insurance.

33 

Table of Contents 

General and 

 administrative 

 expenses

Three months ended

Six months ended

September 30,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

Increase (Decrease)

September 30,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

Increase (Decrease)

Salaries and benefits

490

228

262

885

585

300

Professional fees

977

864

113

2,431

1,829

602

Other

244

340

(96

476

813

(337

General and administrative expense before stock-based compensation and depreciation 1 

1,711

1,432

279

3,792

3,227

565

Stock-based compensation

142

199

(57

314

275

39

Depreciation

2

1

1

3

4

(1

Total

1,855

1,632

223

4,109

3,506

603

1 General and administrative sub-total expenses are calculated before stock-based compensation
 and depreciation.

General and administrative expenses were 1.9 million and 4.1 million for the three and the six months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, an
 increase of 223 and 603, respectively, from 1.6 million and 3.5 million for the three and the six months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily a result of increased legal, tax, accounting, audit and other
 professional fees primarily related to the Continuance and the Domestication, increased salaries and benefits due to merit increases and hiring of new employee, offset by a decrease in other expenses due primarily to adjustments for claims for
 Canadian goods and services tax and decrease in miscellaneous expenses as a result of restructuring. Stock-based compensation of 142 and 314 for the three and the six months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, decreased by 57 and increased
 by 39, respectively, compared to 199 and 275 for the three and the six months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease in three months ended and the increase in the six months ended was primarily due to the timing of the issuance
 of new grants.

Restructuring Costs

On May 8, 2023, we announced our decision to terminate a substantial amount of our workforce as part of a plan intended to align our organizational and management cost structure to prioritize
 resources to GTx-104, thereby reducing losses to improve cash flow and extend available cash resources. We incurred 1.5 million of related costs primarily consisting of employee severance costs. There were no restructuring costs during the three
 and the six months ended September 30, 2024.

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease in the fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of 362 was a mark-to-market
 adjustment to the derivative warrant liabilities and primarily due to a decrease in volatility, offset by an increase in our stock price. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the increase in the fair value of derivative warrant
 liabilities of 1.8 million was a mark-to-market adjustment to the derivative warrant liabilities primarily due to an increase in our stock price.

For the six months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease in the fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of 1.8 million was a mark-to-market
 adjustment to the derivative warrant liabilities primarily due to a decrease in our stock price. The increase in the fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of 1.8 million for the six months ended September 30, 2023, was a mark-to-market
 adjustment to the derivative warrant liabilities primarily attributable to an increase in our stock price.

Interest and other income, net

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, interest and other income was 172, a decrease by 40 compared to 212 for the three months ended
 September 30, 2023, primarily due to withdrawals of short-term investments upon their maturity used to fund operations, as well as a decrease in interest rates.

For the six months ended September 30, 2024, interest and other income was 407, an increase of 61 compared to 346 for the six months ended
 September 30, 2023, primarily due to the increase in interest earned on average daily balances of cash and cash equivalents.

Income tax benefit

For the three and the six months ended September 30, 2024, income tax benefit was 852 and 1.6 million, respectively, an
 increase of 406 and 841, respectively, from 446 and 735 for the three and the six months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, due to net losses recognized by our U.S. subsidiary, which are deemed recoverable to the Company and can be
 taken as a benefit over time.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash flows and financial condition for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023

34 

Table of Contents 

Summary

As of September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents were 15.1 million, a net decrease of 7.9 million compared to cash and cash equivalents of 23.0 million at March 31, 2024. We

believe our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our operations into the second calendar quarter of 2026.

We will require additional capital to fund our daily operating needs beyond that time. We do not expect to generate revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete drug
 development and obtain regulatory approval, which we expect will take several years and is subject to significant uncertainty. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through public offerings and private placements of our Common
 Shares, warrants and convertible debt and the proceeds from research tax credits. Until such time that we can generate significant revenue from drug product sales, if ever, we will require additional financing, which is expected to be sourced
 from a combination of public or private equity or debt financing or other non-dilutive sources, which may include fees, milestone payments and royalties from collaborations with third parties. Arrangements with collaborators or others may require
 us to relinquish certain rights related to our technologies or drug product candidates. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our inability to raise capital as and when needed could have a
 negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. We plan to raise additional capital in order to maintain adequate liquidity. Negative results from studies or trials, if any, or depressed prices of our
 Common Shares could impact our ability to raise additional financing. Raising additional equity capital is subject to market conditions that are not within our control. If we are unable to raise additional funds, we may not be able to realize our
 assets and discharge our liabilities in the normal course of business.

Net cash (used in) operating activities

Net cash used in operating activities for the six months ended September 30, 2024 was 7.8 million, compared to 8.4 million for the six
 months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 0.6 million. The reduction in net cash used in operating activities during the second quarter of 2025 was primarily due to a 4.2 million increase in research and development activities for our
 GTx-104 pivotal Phase 3 STRIVE-ON trial protocol, a 0.6 million increase in general and administrative expenses for legal, tax, accounting and other professional fees related to the Continuance and Domestication, and a 0.3 million increase in
 salaries and other benefits, offset by 3.0 million in change in trade and other payables and a 1.5 million decrease in restructuring costs.

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

Net cash used in investing activities for the six months ended September 30, 2024, was
 from our purchase of short-term investments of 15. Net cash provided by investing activities for the six months ended September 30, 2023, was from the proceeds from the sale of equipment of 110. 

Net cash provided by financing activities

There were no financing activities for the six months ended September 30, 2024. Net cash provided by financing activities for the six months ended
 September 30, 2023, was primarily attributable to the 7.3 million net proceeds received from the September 2023 private placement offering of our securities.

Private Placement

On September 24, 2023, we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain institutional and accredited
 investors in connection with a private placement offering of our securities (the Offering ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we sold 1,951,371 Common Shares, at a purchase price of 1.848 per Common Share and pre-funded warrants (the
 Pre-funded Warrants to purchase up to 2,106,853 Common Shares at a purchase price equal to the purchase price per Common Share less 0.0001. Each Pre-funded Warrant is exercisable for one Common Share at an exercise price of 0.0001 per
 Common Share, was immediately exercisable, and will expire once exercised in full. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we also issued to such institutional and accredited investors common warrants (the Common Warrants to purchase Common
 Shares, exercisable for an aggregate of 2,536,391 Common Shares. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, for each Common Share and each Pre-funded Warrant issued in the Offering, an accompanying five-eighths (0.625) of a Common Warrant was
 issued to the purchaser thereof. Each whole Common Warrant is exercisable for one Common Share at an exercise price of 3.003 per Common Share, was immediately exercisable, and will expire on the earlier of (i) the 60th day after the date of
 the acceptance by the FDA of an NDA for our product candidate GTx-104 or (ii) five years from the date of issuance. The Offering closed on September 25, 2023. The net proceeds to us from the Offering were approximately 7.3 million, after
 deducting fees and expenses.

35 

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

Our contractual obligations and commitments include trade payables, CMO and CRO agreements, and the raw krill oil supply agreement, as described below.

Research and development contracts and contract research organizations agreements

We utilize CMOs for the development and production of clinical materials, and CROs to perform services related to our clinical trials. Pursuant to the agreements with CMOs and CROs, we have either the
 right to terminate the agreements without penalties or under certain penalty conditions. At September 30, 2024, the Company has 398 commitment to CMOs and 3.9 million of commitments to CROs for the next twelve months.

Raw krill oil supply contract

On October 25, 2019, we entered into a supply agreement with Aker BioMarine Antarctic AS. AKBM to purchase raw krill oil product for a committed
 volume of commercial starting material for CaPre, one of our former drug candidates, for a total fixed value of 3.1 million based on the value of krill oil at that time. As of March 31, 2022, the remaining balance of commitment amounted to 2.8
 million. During the second calendar quarter of 2022, AKBM informed us that AKBM believed it had satisfied the terms of the supply agreement as to their obligation to deliver the remaining balance of raw krill oil product, and that we were
 therefore required to accept the remaining product commitment. We disagreed with AKBM s position and believed that AKBM was not entitled to further payment under the supply agreement. Accordingly, no liability was recorded by us. The dispute
 remained unresolved as of both March 31, 2023 and 2022. On October 18, 2023, we entered into an agreement with AKBM to settle any and all potential claims regarding amounts due under the supply agreement (the Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant to
 the terms of the Settlement Agreement, in exchange for a release and waiver of claims arising out of the supply agreement by AKBM and any of AKBM s affiliates, we agreed to the following: (a) AKBM retained ownership of all raw krill oil product,
 including amounts previously delivered to us; (b) AKBM acquired and took ownership of all of our production equipment related to the production of CaPre; (c) AKBM acquired and took ownership of all of our data from research, clinical trials and
 pre-clinical studies with respect to CaPre; and (d) AKBM acquired and took ownership over all of our rights, title and interest in and to all intellectual property rights, including all patents and trademarks, related to CaPre owned by us.
 Further, AKBM acknowledged that the CaPre assets were transferred on an as is basis, and in connection therewith we disclaimed all representations and warranties in connection with the CaPre assets, including any representations with respect to
 performance or sufficiency. The value of the raw krill oil previously delivered to us, the production equipment, and the intellectual property rights related to CaPre were fully impaired in prior reporting periods and had a carrying value of nil
 as of March 31, 2023. For the three and the six months ended September 30, 2024, there was nil and 193, respectively, in expenses recorded by the Company in relation to shipping cost to transport the Company s production equipment related to the
 production of CaPre.

Contingencies

We evaluate contingencies on an ongoing basis and establish loss provisions for matters in which losses are probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.

36 

Table of Contents 

Use of Estimates and Measurement of Uncertainty

The preparation of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
 amounts of assets, liabilities, income, and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Estimates are based on management s best knowledge of current events and actions that management may undertake in the future. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing
 basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.

Estimates and assumptions include the measurement of stock-based compensation, derivative warrant liabilities, accruals for research and development contracts and contract organization
 agreements, and valuation of intangibles and goodwill. Estimates and assumptions are also involved in determining which research and development expenses qualify for research and development tax credits and in what amounts. The Company recognizes
 the tax credits once it has reasonable assurance that they will be realized.

Critical Accounting Policies

During the six months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to our critical accounting policies from those described in our Annual Report for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

We have considered recent accounting pronouncements and concluded that they are either not applicable to our business or that the effect is not expected to be material to our consolidated
 financial statements as a result of future adoption.

Item 3.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

A smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information required by this Item.

Item 4.

Controls and Procedures

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has performed an evaluation
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures within the meaning of Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based upon this evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our existing
 disclosure controls and procedures were effective. It should be noted that while our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer believe that our disclosure controls and procedures provide a reasonable level of assurance that they are
 effective, they do not expect the disclosure controls and procedures to be capable of preventing all errors and fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived or operated, can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the
 objectives of the control system are met.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

No changes were made to our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
 materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1. 

Legal Proceedings

In the ordinary course of business, we are at times subject to various legal proceedings and disputes. We assess our liabilities and contingencies in connection with outstanding legal
 proceedings utilizing the latest information available. Where it is probable that we will incur a loss and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.
 These legal reserves may be increased or decreased to reflect any relevant developments on a quarterly basis. Where a loss is not probable or the amount of loss is not estimable, we do not accrue legal reserves. While the outcome of legal
 proceedings is inherently uncertain, based on information currently available and available insurance coverage, our management believes that it has established appropriate legal reserves. Any incremental liabilities arising from pending legal
 proceedings are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. However, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, if unfavorable, may be material to our
 financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business.

37 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report.

Item 2. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

None.

Item 3. 

Defaults upon Senior Securities

None.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

Item 5. 

Other Information

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.

Item 6. 

Exhibits

Exhibit No.

Description

3.1 

Certificate of Incorporation of Grace Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 3.1 on the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 7, 2024)

3.2 

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Grace Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 3.1 on the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 28,
 2024)

3.3 

Bylaws of Grace Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 on the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 28, 2024)

10.1 

Letter Agreement by and between Prashant Kohli and the Company, dated August 12, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 16, 2024)

10.2 

Acasti Pharma Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 30, 2024)

10.3 

Form of Indemnification Agreement between Acasti Pharma Inc. and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the
 Commission on June 27, 2024)

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

32.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

Filed or furnished herewith

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan.

38 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
 duly authorized.

Dated: November 13, 2024

GRACE THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By:

/s/ Prashant Kohli

Name: Prashant Kohli

Title: Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

By:

/s/ Robert DelAversano

Name: Robert DelAversano

Title: Principal Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial Officer)

39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ef20037228_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Prashant Kohli, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Grace Therapeutics, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
 light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report.

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
 controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: November 13, 2024

/s/ Prashant Kohli

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ef20037228_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Robert DelAversano, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Grace Therapeutics, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
 light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report.

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
 controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Robert DelAversano

Principal Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ef20037228_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) in connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Grace Therapeutics,
 Inc. for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Grace Therapeutics, Inc.

/s/ Prashant Kohli

Name:

Prashant Kohli

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

Date:

November 13, 2024

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by Grace Therapeutics, Inc.
 for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ef20037228_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) in connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Grace Therapeutics,
 Inc. for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Grace Therapeutics, Inc.

/s/ Robert DelAversano

Name:

Robert DelAversano

Title:

Principal Financial Officer

Date:

November 13, 2024

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by Grace Therapeutics, Inc.
 for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 grce-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 grce-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 grce-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 grce-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 grce-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

