<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_68622_0000068622-24-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4736462</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>92098</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>969786</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1441557</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1139388</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1004702</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000068622-24-000016.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105160527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000068622-24-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QWEST CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000068622
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				840273800
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03040
		FILM NUMBER:		241427423

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 4065
		STREET 2:		100 CENTURYLINK DRIVE
		CITY:			MONROE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			71203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3183889000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CENTURYLINK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 4065
		CITY:			MONROE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			71203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOUNTAIN STATES TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19910109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000068622-24-000016.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 lumn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

lumn-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

THE REGISTRANT, A WHOLLY OWNED INDIRECT SUBSIDIARY OF LUMEN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS H(1) (a) AND (b) OF FORM 10-Q AND IS THEREFORE FILING THIS FORM WITH REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT PURSUANT TO GENERAL INSTRUCTION H(2). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company," and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 All of the capital stock of the registrant is held by an affiliate of the registrant. of the capital stock is publicly held. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Part I. 
 Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholder's Equity (Unaudited) 
 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 10 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 Part II. 
 Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 37 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 38 
 Signature 
 39 
 All references to "Notes" in this quarterly report refer to these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, unless otherwise specified. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This report and other documents filed by us under the federal securities law include, and future oral or written statements or press releases by us and our management may include, forward-looking statements about our business, financial condition, operating results or prospects. These "forward-looking" statements are defined by, and are subject to the "safe harbor" protections under, the federal securities laws. These statements include, among others: 
 forecasts of our anticipated future results of operations, cash flows or financial position; 
 
 statements concerning our completed, pending or proposed transactions, investments, product development, transformation plans, participation in government programs, Quantum Fiber initiatives, deleveraging plans, and other initiatives, including benefits or costs associated therewith; 
 
 statements about our liquidity, profitability, profit margins, tax position, tax assets, tax rates, asset values, contingent liabilities, growth opportunities, growth rates, acquisition and divestiture opportunities, business prospects, regulatory and competitive outlook, market share, product capabilities, investment and expenditure plans, business strategies, debt leverage, capital allocation plans, financing or refinancing alternatives and sources, and pricing plans; 
 
 other similar statements of our expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies, anticipated developments and other matters that are not historical facts, many of which are highlighted by words such as may, will, would, could, should, plans, believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, "forecasts," projects, "proposes," "targets," intends, likely, seeks, hopes, or variations or similar expressions with respect to the future. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are based upon our judgment and assumptions as of the date such statements are made concerning future developments and events, many of which are beyond our control. These forward-looking statements, and the assumptions upon which they are based, (i) are not guarantees of future results, (ii) are inherently speculative and (iii) are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual events and results may differ materially from those anticipated, estimated, projected or implied by us in those statements if one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove incorrect. All of our forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference below to factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, estimated, projected or implied by us in those forward- looking statements. These factors include but are not limited to: 
 
 the effects of intense competition from a wide variety of competitive providers, including decreased demand for our more mature service offerings and increased pricing pressures; 
 
 the effects of new, emerging or competing technologies, including those that could make our products less desirable or obsolete; 
 
 our ability to successfully and timely attain our key operating imperatives, including simplifying and consolidating our network, simplifying and automating our service support systems, attaining our Quantum Fiber buildout schedule, replacing aging or obsolete plant and equipment, strengthening our relationships with customers and attaining projected cost savings; 
 
 our ability to safeguard our network, and to avoid the adverse impact of cyber-attacks, security breaches, service outages, system failures, or similar events impacting our network or the availability and quality of our services; 
 
 the effects of ongoing changes in the regulation of the communications industry, including the outcome of legislative, regulatory or judicial proceedings relating to content liability standards, intercarrier compensation, universal service, service standards, broadband deployment, data protection, privacy and net neutrality; 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to generate cash flows sufficient to fund our financial commitments and objectives, including our capital expenditures, operating costs, taxes, debt obligations, pension contributions and other benefits payments; 
 
 our ability to effectively retain and hire key personnel and to successfully negotiate collective bargaining agreements on reasonable terms without work stoppages; 
 
 our ability to successfully adjust to changes in customer demand for our products and services, including increased demand for high-speed data transmission services and artificial intelligence services; 
 
 our ability to successfully maintain the quality and profitability of our existing product and service offerings, to introduce profitable new offerings on a timely and cost-effective basis and to transition customers from our legacy products to our newer offerings; 
 
 our ability to successfully and timely implement our corporate strategies, including our transformation, buildout, and deleveraging strategies; 
 
 changes in our operating plans, corporate strategies or capital allocation plans, whether based upon, changes in our cash flows, cash requirements, financial performance, financial position, market or regulatory conditions, or otherwise; 
 
 the negative impact of increases in the costs of Lumen s pension, healthcare, post-employment or other benefits, including those caused by changes in capital markets, interest rates, mortality rates, demographics, regulations; 
 
 the potential negative impact of customer complaints, government investigations, security breaches or service outages impacting us or our industry; 
 
 adverse changes in our access to credit markets on acceptable terms, whether caused by changes in our financial position, lower credit ratings, unstable markets, debt covenant restrictions or otherwise; 
 
 the ability of us and our affiliates to meet the terms and conditions of our respective debt obligations and covenants, including our ability to make transfers of cash in compliance therewith; 
 
 the ability of us and our affiliates to attain the anticipated benefits of the March 22, 2024 debt transactions: 
 
 our ability to maintain favorable relations with our security holders, key business partners, suppliers, vendors, landlords and lenders; 
 
 our ability to timely obtain necessary hardware, software, equipment, services, governmental permits and other items on favorable terms; 
 
 Lumen's ability to meet evolving environmental, social and governance ("ESG") expectations and benchmarks, and effectively communicate and implement its ESG strategies; 
 
 the potential adverse effects arising out of allegations regarding the release of hazardous materials into the environment from network assets owned or operated by us or our predecessors, including any resulting governmental actions, removal costs, litigation, compliance costs, or penalties; 
 
 our ability to collect our receivables from, or continue to do business with, financially troubled customers; 
 
 our ability to continue to use intellectual property used to conduct our operations; 
 
 any adverse developments in legal or regulatory proceedings involving us or our affiliates, including Lumen Technologies; 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 changes in tax, trade, pension, healthcare or other laws or regulations, in governmental support programs, or in general government funding levels, including those arising from governmental programs promoting broadband development; 
 
 the effects of changes in accounting policies, practices or assumptions, including changes that could potentially require additional future impairment charges; 
 
 the effects of adverse weather, terrorism, epidemics, pandemics, rioting, vandalism, societal unrest, political discord, or other natural or man-made disasters or disturbances; 
 
 the potential adverse effects if our internal controls over financial reporting have weaknesses or deficiencies, or otherwise fail to operate as intended; 
 
 the effects of changes in interest rates or inflation; 
 
 the effects of more general factors such as changes in exchange rates, in operating costs, in public policy, in the views of financial analysts, or in general market, labor, economic, public health or geopolitical conditions; and 
 
 other risks referenced in the "Risk Factors" section or other portions of this report or other of our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). 
 
 Additional factors or risks that we currently deem immaterial, that are not presently known to us or that arise in the future could also cause our actual results to differ materially from our expected results. Given these uncertainties, investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon our forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason, whether as a result of new information, future events or developments, changed circumstances, or otherwise. Furthermore, any information about our intentions contained in any of our forward-looking statements reflects our intentions as of the date of such forward-looking statement, and is based upon, among other things, our assessment of regulatory, technological, industry, competitive, economic and market conditions as of such date. We may change our intentions, strategies or plans (including our capital allocation plans) at any time and without notice, based upon any changes in such factors or otherwise. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 QWEST CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 
 (Dollars in millions) OPERATING REVENUE Operating revenue Operating revenue affiliates Total operating revenue OPERATING EXPENSES Cost of services and products (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) Selling, general and administrative Operating expenses affiliates Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses OPERATING INCOME OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Interest income affiliate, net Other income, net Total other expense, net ) ) ) ) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE Income tax expense NET INCOME 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 QWEST CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 
 (Dollars in millions) ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance of and 
 Advances to affiliates Other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 GOODWILL AND OTHER ASSETS Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other, net 
 Total goodwill and other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Advances from affiliates 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities Salaries and benefits Income and other taxes Other Current portion of deferred revenue Total current liabilities LONG-TERM DEBT DEFERRED CREDITS AND OTHER LIABILITIES Deferred income taxes, net Affiliate obligations, net 
 Other Total deferred credits and other liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 9) 
 share without par value, owned by Qwest Services Corporation 
 Retained earnings Total stockholder's equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 QWEST CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 
 (Dollars in millions) OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) Provision for uncollectible accounts Changes in current assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Accounts payable ) Accrued income and other taxes Other current assets and liabilities, net ) ) Changes in other noncurrent assets and liabilities, net Changes in affiliate obligations, net ) ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ) ) Changes in advances to affiliates ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and other assets Net cash used in investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Payments of long-term debt ) ) Changes in advances from affiliates ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Income taxes paid, net ) ) Interest paid, including affiliate interest (net of capitalized interest of and 
 ) ) Supplemental noncash information regarding financing activities: Repayment of long-term debt in exchange for advances from affiliates Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash - noncurrent Total 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 QWEST CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) COMMON STOCK Balance at beginning of period Balance at end of period RETAINED EARNINGS Balance at beginning of period Net income Balance at end of period TOTAL STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 QWEST CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 References in this report to "QC," "Qwest," "we," "us," and "our" refer to Qwest Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. References to "Lumen Technologies" or "Lumen" refers to our ultimate parent company, Lumen Technologies, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Level 3 Parent, LLC ("Level 3") and Level 3 Financing, Inc. Level 3 Financing ). 

Note 1 Background 
 
 -state region of Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Iowa, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington and Wyoming. We refer to this region as our local service area. 

Operating lease assets are included in Other, net under goodwill and other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Current operating lease liabilities are included in Other under accrued expenses and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Noncurrent operating lease liabilities are included in Other under deferred credits and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 We reclassified certain prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation, including our revenue by product and service categories. See Note 3 Revenue Recognition for additional information. These changes had no impact on total operating revenue, total operating expenses or net income for any period. 
 
 During 2023, we identified errors in our previously reported consolidated financial statements related to accounts receivable and accounts payable. The errors are the result of understated revenues from one of our legacy mainframe billing systems and understated network expenses for periods prior to 2021. We have recorded an increase to our retained earnings by million, reflected in our January 1, 2023 and September 30, 2023 retained earnings in our consolidated statements of stockholders' equity in this report. Refer to Note 1 Background and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for more information. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 reportable segment. 
 
 million, million net of tax, and million, million net of tax, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Additionally, during the first quarter of 2024, we updated our analysis of economic lives of owned fiber network assets. As of January 1, 2024, we extended the estimated economic life and depreciation period of such assets from years to years to better reflect the physical life of the assets that we have experienced and absence of technological changes that would replace fiber. The change in accounting estimate decreased depreciation expense by approximately million, million net of tax, and by million, million net of tax, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 Refer to the significant accounting policies described in Note 1 Background and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

11 

Table of Contents 

Note 2 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 and 
 Other intangible assets, less accumulated amortization of and 

billion. 
 
 We are required to assess our goodwill for impairment annually, or under certain circumstances, more frequently, such as when events or changes in circumstances indicate there may be impairment. We are required to write down the value of goodwill only when our assessment determines the carrying value of equity of our reporting unit exceeds its fair value. Our annual impairment assessment date for goodwill is October 31, at which date we assess goodwill at our reporting unit. In reviewing the criteria for reporting units, we have determined that we are reporting unit. 
 
 Second Quarter 2023 Goodwill Impairment Analysis 
 
 The sustained decline in Lumen's share price during the second quarter of 2023 was considered a triggering event requiring evaluation of goodwill impairment; as such, we estimated the fair value using only the market approach. Applying this approach, we utilized company comparisons and analyst reports within the telecommunications industry which supported a range of fair values derived from annualized revenue and Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization ("EBITDA") multiples between x and x and x and x, respectively. We selected a revenue multiple within and an EBITDA multiple below these comparable market multiples. For the three months ended June 30, 2023, based on our assessment performed as described above, we concluded that our goodwill was not impaired. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

The amortization expense for finite-lived intangible assets for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled million and million, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total finite-lived intangible assets future amortization expense 

Note 3 Revenue Recognition 

13 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Voice and Other ) ) Fiber Broadband ) ) Harvest ) ) Nurture ) ) Grow ) Affiliate Services ) ) Total revenue ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Total Revenue Adjustments for Non-ASC 606 Revenue (1) 
 Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers Total Revenue Adjustments for Non-ASC 606 Revenue (1) 
 Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Dollars in millions) Other Broadband ) ) Voice and Other ) ) Fiber Broadband ) ) Harvest ) ) Nurture ) ) Grow ) Affiliate Services ) ) Total revenue ) ) 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes regulatory revenue and lease revenue not within the scope of ASC 606. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our gross rental revenue was million and million, respectively, which represented approximately of our operating revenue for both periods. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our gross rental revenue was million and million, respectively, which represented approximately of our operating revenue for both periods. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 and (1) 
 Contract assets Contract liabilities 
 ______________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Customer receivables includes affiliate receivables. 
 
 Contract liabilities consist of consideration we have received from our customers or billed in advance of providing goods or services promised in the future. We defer recognizing this consideration as revenue until we have satisfied the related performance obligation to the customer. Contract liabilities include recurring services billed one month in advance and installation and maintenance charges that are deferred and recognized over the actual or expected contract term, which typically ranges from one to depending on the service. Contract liabilities are included within Deferred revenue in our consolidated balance sheets. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized million and million, respectively, of revenue that was included in contract liabilities of million as of January 1, 2024. During the three and nine months ended of September 30, 2023, we recognized million and million, respectively, of revenue that was included in contract liabilities of million as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 Performance Obligations 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we expect to recognize approximately billion of revenue in the future related to performance obligations associated with existing customer contracts that are partially or wholly unsatisfied. As of September 30, 2024, the transaction price related to unsatisfied performance obligations that are expected to be recognized for the remainder of 2024, 2025 and thereafter was million, billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 These amounts exclude (i) the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed (for example, uncommitted usage or non-recurring charges associated with professional or technical services to be completed), and (ii) contracts that are classified as leasing arrangements that are not subject to ASC 606. 
 
 Contract Costs 
 
 Cost Incurred Amortization ) ) ) ) Ending Balances 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Cost incurred Amortization ) ) ) ) Ending Balances 
 
 Acquisition costs include commission fees paid to employees as a result of obtaining contracts. Fulfillment costs include third party and internal costs associated with the provision, installation and activation of communications services to customers, including labor and materials consumed for these activities. 
 
 Deferred acquisition and fulfillment costs are amortized based on the transfer of services on a straight-line basis over the average contract life of months for mass markets customers and average contract life of months for business customers. Amortized fulfillment costs are included in cost of services and products and amortized acquisition costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. The amount of these deferred costs that are anticipated to be amortized in the next 12 months are included in Other Current Assets on our consolidated balance sheets. The amount of deferred costs expected to be amortized beyond the next 12 months is included in Other Non-Current Assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Deferred acquisition and fulfillment costs are assessed for impairment on a quarterly basis. 

Note 4 Credit Losses on Financial Instruments 

16 

Table of Contents 

Provision for expected losses Write-offs charged against the allowance ) ) ) Recoveries collected Ending balance at September 30, 2024 

Note 5 Long-Term Debt 
 
 - 
 2025-2057 Term loan (2) 
 SOFR + 
 2027 Finance lease and other obligations Various Various Unamortized premiums, net Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt Less current maturities ) ) Long-term debt, excluding current maturities 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024. 
 (2) The Term Loan had an interest rate of as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Long-Term Debt Maturities 
 
 Set forth below is the aggregate principal amount of our long-term debt as of September 30, 2024 (excluding unamortized premiums, net and unamortized debt issuance costs) maturing during the following years: 
 (Dollars in millions) 2024 (remaining three months) 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total long-term debt 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes maturing in 2025. 
 
 Qwest Guarantees of Lumen Debt 
 
 Lumen s obligations under its new credit agreements entered into on March 22, 2024 and its new superpriority secured senior notes issued on and after March 22, 2024 are unsecured, but Qwest Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries have provided an unconditional unsecured guarantee of payment of Lumen s obligations under these agreements and senior notes. 
 
 Senior Notes and Intercompany Debt 
 
 For information about our senior notes and intercompany debt arrangement, see Note 6 Long-Term Debt and Note Payable - Affiliate to the financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Compliance 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we believe we were in compliance with the financial covenants contained in our material debt agreements in all material respects. 

Note 6 Severance 
 
 as a part of our efforts to change our workforce composition to reflect our ongoing transformation and cost reduction opportunities that align with our shapeshifting and focus on our strategic priorities. As a result of this plan, we incurred severance and related costs of approximately million during the second quarter of 2024. We have not incurred, and do not expect to incur, material impairment or exit costs related to this workforce reduction. 
 
 Changes in our accrued liabilities for severance expenses were as follows: 
 Severance 
 (Dollars in millions) Balance at December 31, 2023 Accrued to expense Payments, net ) Balance at September 30, 2024 

Note 7 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Note 8 Affiliate Transactions 

19 

Table of Contents 

 Allocated affiliate revenue 
 Total affiliate revenue 

Note 9 Commitments, Contingencies and Other Items 
 
 million and million, respectively, in the aggregate for our litigation and non-income tax contingencies, which are included in Other under Current Liabilities or Other under Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets as of such dates. We cannot at this time estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss, if any in excess of this million accrual due to the inherent uncertainties and speculative nature of contested proceedings. The establishment of an accrual does not mean that actual funds have been set aside to satisfy a given contingency. Thus, the resolution of a particular contingency for the amount accrued could have no effect on our results of operations but nonetheless could have an adverse effect on our cash flows. 
 
 In this Note, a reference to a "putative" class action means a class has been alleged, but not certified, in that matter. 
 
 Principal Proceedings 
 
 Environmental Litigation 
 
 Parish of St. Mary. On July 9, 2024, a putative class action complaint was filed in the 16th Judicial District Court for the Parish of St. Mary, State of Louisiana, Case 138575 asserting claims on behalf of all parishes, municipalities, and citizens owning real properties in the State of Louisiana that have been affected by lead-sheathed telecommunications cables installed by AT T and Lumen or their predecessors. The complaint seeks damages and injunctive relief under Louisiana state law. The case has been removed to the United States District Court Western District of Louisiana Lafayette Division, Case 6:24-CV-01001-RRS-DJA. 
 
 Blum . On November 6, 2023, a putative class action complaint was filed in the 16th Judicial District Court for the Parish of St. Mary, State of Louisiana, Case 137935 asserting claims on behalf of all citizens owning real properties in the State of Louisiana that have been affected by lead-sheathed telecommunications cables installed by AT T, BellSouth, Verizon, and Lumen or their predecessors. The complaint seeks damages and injunctive relief under Louisiana state law. The case has been removed to Federal Court in the United States District Court Western District of Louisiana Lafayette Division, Case 6:23-CV-01748. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 for statutory damages and for punitive damages. If the verdict is not set aside in connection with post-trial motion practice, Lumen will appeal to the 9th Circuit. We have not accrued a contingent liability for this matter. While liability is ultimately possible, we have not determined it to be probable, and cannot estimate any final damages exposure, if any, which remains uncertain. 
 
 Billing Practices Suits 
 
 In June 2017, a former employee of a Lumen Technologies subsidiary filed an employment lawsuit against Lumen Technologies (at the time named CenturyLink, Inc.) claiming that she was wrongfully terminated for alleging that Lumen charged some of its retail customers for products and services they did not authorize. Thereafter, based in part on the allegations made by the former employee, several legal proceedings were filed, including consumer class actions in federal and state courts, a series of securities investor class actions in federal courts, and several shareholder derivative actions in federal and Louisiana state courts. The derivative cases were brought on behalf of CenturyLink, Inc. against certain current and former officers and directors of the Company and seek damages for alleged breaches of fiduciary duties. 
 
 We have settled the consumer and securities investor class actions, and the derivative actions. 
 
 Qwest has engaged in discussions regarding related claims with a number of state attorneys general, and has entered into agreements settling certain of the consumer practices claims asserted by several state attorneys general. 
 
 Huawei Network Deployment Investigations 
 
 Qwest has received requests from the following federal agencies for information relating to the use of equipment manufactured by Huawei Technologies Company ("Huawei") in networks operated by Lumen and Qwest. 
 
 DOJ. Lumen has received a civil investigative demand from the U.S. Department of Justice in the course of a False Claims Act investigation alleging that Lumen Technologies, Inc. and Lumen Technologies Government Solutions, Inc. failed to comply with certain specified requirements in federal contracts concerning their use of Huawei equipment. 
 
 FCC. The FCC s Enforcement Bureau issued a Letter of Inquiry to Lumen Technologies, Inc. regarding its written certifications to the FCC that Lumen has complied with FCC rules governing the use of resources derived from the High Cost Program, Lifeline Program, Rural Health Care Program, E-Rate Program, Emergency Broadband Benefit Program, and the Affordable Connectivity Program. Under these programs federal, funds may not be used to facilitate the deployment or maintenance of equipment or services provided by Huawei, a company the FCC has determined poses a national security threat to the integrity of U.S. communications networks or the communications supply chain. 
 
 Team Telecom. The Committee for the Assessment of Foreign Participation in the United States Telecommunications Service Sector (comprised of the U.S. Attorney General, and the Secretaries of the Department of Homeland Security, and the Department of Defense), commonly referred to as Team Telecom, issued questions and requests for information relating to Lumen s FCC licenses and its use of Huawei equipment. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 billion. 
 
 911 Surcharge 
 
 In June 2021, the Company was served with a complaint filed in the Santa Fe County District Court by Phone Recovery Services, LLC PRS ), acting on behalf of the State of New Mexico. The complaint claims Qwest Corporation and CenturyTel of the Southwest have violated the New Mexico Fraud Against Taxpayers Act since 2004 by failing to bill, collect and remit certain 911 surcharges from customers. Through pre-trial proceedings, the Court has narrowed the issues to be resolved by jury. On August 21, 2024, a jury decided the remaining issues, and consequently all claims asserted, in Lumen's favor. Plaintiff has filed a Notice of Appeal and Lumen submitted a cross-appeal as to the original motion to dismiss and motion for summary judgment. 
 
 Other Proceedings, Disputes and Contingencies 
 
 From time to time, we are involved in other proceedings incidental to our business, including patent infringement allegations, regulatory hearings relating primarily to our rates or services, actions relating to employee claims, tax issues, or environmental law issues, grievance hearings before labor regulatory agencies, miscellaneous third-party tort actions, or commercial disputes. 
 
 We are currently defending several patent infringement lawsuits asserted against us by non-practicing entities which are seeking substantial recoveries. These cases have progressed to various stages and or more may go to trial within the next twelve months if they are not otherwise resolved. Where applicable, we are seeking full or partial indemnification from our vendors and suppliers. 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local environmental protection and health and safety laws. From time to time, we are subject to judicial and administrative proceedings brought by various governmental authorities under these laws. Several such proceedings are currently pending, but none is reasonably expected to exceed in fines and penalties. In addition, in the past we acquired companies that had installed lead-sheathed cables several decades earlier, or had operated certain manufacturing companies in the first part of the 1900s. Under applicable environmental laws, we could be named as a potentially responsible party for a share of the remediation of environmental conditions arising from the historical operations of our predecessors. 
 
 The outcomes of these other proceedings described under this heading are not predictable. However, based on current circumstances, we do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these other proceedings, after considering available defenses and any insurance coverage or indemnification rights, will have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The matters listed in this Note do not reflect all our contingencies. For additional information on our contingencies, see Note 14 Commitments, Contingencies and Other Items to the financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The ultimate outcome of the above-described matters may differ materially from the outcomes anticipated, estimated, projected or implied by us in certain of our statements appearing above in this Note, and proceedings we currently consider immaterial may ultimately affect us materially. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Note 10 Dividends 

Note 11 Other Financial Information 
 
 Contract acquisition costs Contract fulfillment costs Assets held for sale Other Total other current assets 
 
 Other Current Liabilities 
 
 Current operating lease liability Other Total other current liabilities 
 
 Other Noncurrent Liabilities 
 
 Deferred revenue Noncurrent operating lease liability Other Total other noncurrent liabilities 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Note 12 Labor Union Contracts 
 
 of our employees were represented by the Communications Workers of America ("CWA") or the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers ("IBEW"). of our represented employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements that are scheduled to expire within the twelve-month period ending September 30, 2025. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 References in this report to "QC," "Qwest," "we," "us" and "our" refer to Qwest Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 All references to "Notes" in this Item 2 of Part I refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this report. 
 Certain statements in this report constitute forward-looking statements. See "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" appearing at the beginning of this report and "Risk Factors" referenced in Item 1A of Part II of this report or other of our filings with the SEC for a discussion of certain factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our anticipated results or otherwise impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or prospects. 

Overview 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD A") included herein should be read in conjunction with the information included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and with the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 1 of Part I of this report. The results of operations for the first nine months of the year are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that might be expected for the entire year. 
 
 We are a facilities-based technology and communications company that provides a broad array of integrated communications products and services to our business and mass markets customers. Our specific products and services are detailed in Note 3 Revenue Recognition in Item 1 of Part I of this report and below under the heading "Products, Services and Revenue". 
 
 Our ultimate parent company, Lumen Technologies, Inc., has cash management arrangements or loan arrangements with a majority of its subsidiaries that include lines of credit, affiliate obligations, capital contributions and dividends. As part of these cash management or loan arrangements, affiliates provide lines of credit to certain other affiliates. Amounts outstanding under these lines of credit and intercompany obligations vary from time to time. Under these arrangements, the majority of our cash balance is advanced on a daily basis for centralized management by Lumen's service company affiliate. From time to time we may declare and pay dividends to Qwest Services Corporation ("QSC"), our direct parent, using cash owed to us under these advances, which has the net effect of reducing the amount of these advances. We report the balance of these transfers on our consolidated balance sheet as advances to affiliates. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we served approximately 1.8 million broadband subscribers. Our methodology for counting broadband subscribers may be different than the methodologies used by other companies. 
 
 Macroeconomic Changes 
 
 Over the past few years, macroeconomic changes have impacted us and our customers in several ways. On a regular basis, we review and rationalize our lease footprint and may incur accelerated lease costs when we determine to cease using underutilized leased property locations. We did not incur material accelerated lease costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Additionally, we believe macroeconomic changes over the past few years have resulted in (i) increases in certain revenue streams and decreases in others, (ii) operational challenges resulting from inflation and shortages of certain components and other supplies that we use in our business, (iii) delays in our cost transformation initiatives and (iv) delayed decision-making by certain of our customers. None of these effects, individually or in the aggregate, have to date materially impacted our financial performance or financial position. 
 
 Industry developments over the past few years have increased fiber construction demand from customers. The resulting increase in construction labor rates increased the cost of enabling units to be capable of receiving our Quantum Fiber broadband services. From time to time, we believe these factors contributed to a delay in attaining our Quantum Fiber buildout targets. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Continued business uncertainty, supply constraints or inflationary pressures could materially impact our financial results in a variety of ways, including by increasing our expenses, decreasing our revenues, further delaying our network expansion plans or otherwise interfering with our ability to deliver products and services. 
 
 We have historically generated revenue by entering into transactions that utilize fiber or other assets, on our network to create custom networks for our customers. We expect the demand for and size of these transactions to grow. We routinely assess revenue-generating opportunities with respect to these assets through right-of-use agreements, leases or other agreements. We may or may not consummate such transactions from time to time, and the revenue from and obligations associated with any such opportunities may be significant, either individually or in the aggregate. The completion of any future transactions may be subject to customary conditions, and may not be executed in a timely manner, or at all. 
 
 These above-mentioned macroeconomic factors, coupled with dis-synergies resulting from our affiliates' 2022 and 2023 divestitures, changes in customer preferences and negotiations with our creditors through the end of the first quarter of 2024, placed additional pressures on our financial performance. These developments contributed to us recognizing 2.4 billion in goodwill impairment charges in the fourth quarter of 2023. Some of these pressures continue to impact us. To the extent these pressures continue, we could experience additional deterioration in our projected cash flows, or make significant changes to the assumed discount rates or market multiples that we use to determine the fair value of our reporting unit. Any of these could result in additional future impairments of our approximately 7.0 billion of remaining goodwill. 
 
 Products, Services and Revenue 
 
 We categorize our products, services and revenue among the following categories: 
 
 Other Broadband , under which we provide primarily lower speed broadband services to residential and small business customers utilizing our copper-based network infrastructure; 
 
 Voice and Other, under which we derive revenues from (i) providing local and long-distance services, professional services, and other ancillary services, (ii) federal broadband and state support payments, and (iii) equipment, IT solutions and other services; 
 
 Fiber Broadband , under which we provide high speed broadband services to residential and small business customers utilizing our fiber-based network infrastructure; 
 
 Harvest , which includes our legacy services managed for cash flow, including Time Division Multiplexing ("TDM") voice and private line services; 
 
 Nurture , which includes our more mature offerings, including primarily ethernet; 
 
 Grow , which includes existing and emerging products and services in which we are significantly investing, including dark fiber and wavelengths services; and 
 
 Affiliate Services , which are (i) communications services that we provide to our affiliates and also provide to external customers and (ii) application development and support services that we provide to our affiliates, as described further in Note 8 Affiliate Transactions. 
 
 From time to time, we may change the categorization of our products and services. 
 
 The following analysis is organized to provide the information we believe will be useful for understanding material trends affecting our business. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table summarizes the results of our consolidated operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Operating revenue 1,363 1,450 4,144 4,458 Operating expenses 865 966 2,621 2,776 Operating income 498 484 1,523 1,682 Total other expense, net (1) (17) (29) (63) Income before income taxes 497 467 1,494 1,619 Income tax expense 132 126 398 426 Net income 365 341 1,096 1,193 
 
 For a discussion of certain trends that impact our business, see the MD A discussion of trends impacting Lumen's business included in Lumen's reports filed with the SEC, including most recently its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Operating Revenue 
 
 The following tables summarize our consolidated operating revenue recorded under our revenue categories described in Note 3 Revenue Recognition: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Other Broadband 226 271 (17) Voice and Other 129 145 (11) Fiber Broadband 92 120 (23) Harvest 223 261 (15) Nurture 90 96 (6) Grow 33 31 6 Affiliate Services 570 526 8 Total revenue 1,363 1,450 (6) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Other Broadband 715 847 (16) Voice and Other 394 451 (13) Fiber Broadband 289 365 (21) Harvest 702 803 (13) Nurture 268 295 (9) Grow 100 108 (7) Affiliate Services 1,676 1,589 5 Total revenue 4,144 4,458 (7) 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Total operating revenue decreased by 87 million and 314 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Within each product category, these decreases were primarily due to the following factors: 
 
 Decreases in Other Broadband of 45 million and 132 million, respectively, primarily due to fewer customers for our lower speed copper-based broadband services; 
 
 Decreases in Voice and Other of 16 million and 57 million, respectively, due almost entirely to the continued loss of copper-based voice customers; 
 
 Decreases in Fiber Broadband of 28 million and 76 million, respectively, driven by fewer subscribers for our fiber services, primarily as a result of migrations to the Quantum Fiber services offered by Lumen (which bills customers for such services and pays us for use of our network in providing such services, as further described below); 
 
 Decreases in Harvest of 38 million and 101 million, respectively, primarily attributable to decrease in private line services of 11 million and 33 million, respectively, as well as declines in legacy voice services for business customers of 16 million and 38 million, respectively; 
 
 Decreases in Nurture of 6 million and 27 million, respectively, primarily due to declines in Ethernet services; and 
 
 Decreases in Grow of 8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to declines in wavelengths services. 
 
 Affiliate services revenue increased 44 million and 87 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to 29 million and 53 million increase in fiber broadband and other direct telecommunication services provided to our affiliates, and 15 million and 34 million of additional employee shared services expense allocated to our affiliates. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 The following tables summarize our consolidated operating expenses: Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Cost of services and products (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 389 416 (6) Selling, general and administrative 111 118 (6) Operating expenses - affiliates 182 225 (19) Depreciation and amortization 183 207 (12) Total operating expenses 865 966 (10) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Cost of services and products (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 1,132 1,207 (6) Selling, general and administrative 357 362 (1) Operating expenses - affiliates 575 600 (4) Depreciation and amortization 557 607 (8) Total operating expenses 2,621 2,776 (6) 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Services and Products (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 
 Cost of services and products (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) decreased by 27 million and 75 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower employee-related expenses of 30 million and 77 million. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 7 million and 5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to (i) decreases of 2 million and 16 million, respectively, in marketing and advertising expense, (ii) decreases of 3 million and 12 million, respectively in property and other taxes, and (iii) decreases of 7 million and 15 million in external commissions, respectively. These decreases were partially offset by increases of 6 million and 45 million, respectively, in employee related expenses inclusive of severance costs. 
 
 Operating Expenses - Affiliates 
 
 Operating expenses - affiliates decreased by 43 million and 25 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to a decrease of 5 million and 17 million, respectively, in direct telecommunication services charged to us by affiliates and a decrease of 40 million and 10 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, of lower allocated employee and professional services provided to us by our affiliates. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 The following tables provide details of our depreciation and amortization expense: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Depreciation 179 190 (6) Amortization 4 17 (76) Total depreciation and amortization 183 207 (12) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Depreciation 528 557 (5) Amortization 29 50 (42) Total depreciation and amortization 557 607 (8) 
 
 Depreciation expense decreased by 11 million and 29 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease of 19 million and 58 million, respectively, resulting from changes in the method of depreciation from the group method of depreciation to the straight line by individual asset method and a decrease of 6 million and 18 million, respectively, due to changes in depreciation lives of fiber assets as discussed in Note 1 Background and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. These decreases were partially offset by an increase of 12 million and 46 million, respectively, due to net growth in depreciable assets. 
 
 Amortization expense decreased by 13 million and 21 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease of 11 million and 20 million, respectively, associated with changes in the method of amortization from the group method to straight line by individual asset method. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Other Consolidated Results 
 The following tables summarize our total other expense, net and income tax expense: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Interest expense, net (11) (23) (52) Interest income affiliate, net 8 5 60 Other income, net 2 1 100 Total other expense, net (1) (17) (94) Income tax expense 132 126 5 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Interest expense, net (44) (75) (41) Interest income affiliate, net 14 7 100 Other income, net 1 5 (80) Total other expense, net (29) (63) (54) Income tax expense 398 426 (7) 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 nm Percentages greater than 200 and comparisons between positive and negative values or to/from zero values are considered not meaningful. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense decreased by 12 million and 31 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. These declines during such periods were primarily due to (i) a decrease of approximately 222 million and 114 million, respectively, in average net outstanding debt and (ii) an increase of capitalized interest of 7 million and 23 million respectively. Additionally, the average interest rate decreased from 6.84 to 6.73 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, these decreases were partially offset by an increase in our average interest rate from 6.78 to 6.79 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Note 5 Long-Term Debt and Liquidity and Capital Resources below for additional information about our debt. 
 
 Interest Income - Affiliate, Net 
 
 Interest income - affiliate, net increased by 3 million and 7 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in interest income - affiliate, net was primarily due to a higher average receivable from affiliates during each such period. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our effective tax rates was 26.6 . For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, our effective tax rates were 27.0 and 26.3 , respectively. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview of Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 We are an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Lumen Technologies, Inc. As such, factors relating to, or affecting, Lumen's liquidity and capital resources could have material impacts on us, including impacts on our credit ratings, our access to capital markets and changes in the financial market's perception of us. 
 
 Our ultimate parent company, Lumen Technologies, Inc., has cash management arrangements or loan arrangements with a majority of its subsidiaries that include lines of credit, affiliate obligations, capital contributions and dividends. As part of these cash management or loan arrangements, affiliates provide lines of credit to certain other affiliates. Amounts outstanding under these lines of credit and intercompany obligations vary from time to time. Under these arrangements, the majority of our cash balance is advanced on a daily basis for centralized management by Lumen's service company affiliate. From time to time we may declare and pay dividends to QSC, our direct parent, sometimes in excess of our earnings to the extent permitted by applicable law, using cash owed to us under these advances, which has the net effect of reducing the amount of these advances. Our debt covenants do not currently limit the amount of dividends we can pay to QSC. Given our cash management arrangement with our ultimate parent, Lumen Technologies, Inc., and the resulting amounts due to us from Lumen Technologies, Inc., a significant component of our liquidity is dependent upon Lumen's ability to repay its obligation to us. 
 
 We anticipate that our future liquidity needs will be met through (i) our cash provided by our operating activities, (ii) amounts due to us from Lumen Technologies, (iii) our ability to refinance QC's debt securities to the extent permitted under applicable debt covenants, and (iv) capital contributions, advances or loans from Lumen Technologies or its affiliates if and to the extent they have available funds or access to available funds that they are willing and able to contribute, advance or loan. 
 
 In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law, which, among other things, implemented a corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on adjusted financial statement income effective for tax periods occurring after December 31, 2022. The CAMT had no material impact on our financial results as of December 31, 2023. In addition, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development has issued Pillar Two model rules introducing a new global minimum tax of 15 intended to be effective on January 1, 2024. While the U.S. has not yet adopted the Pillar Two rules, various other governments around the world are enacting legislation, some of which are effective for tax periods after December 31, 2023. While the global minimum tax will increase our administrative and compliance burdens, we expect that it will have an immaterial impact on our financial statements for the tax period ending December 31, 2024. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 We incur capital expenditures on an ongoing basis in order to expand and improve our service offerings, enhance and modernize our networks, fulfill our contractual obligations, and compete effectively in our markets. Lumen Technologies and we evaluate discretionary capital expenditure projects based on a variety of factors, including expected strategic impacts (such as forecasted impact on revenue growth, productivity, expenses, service levels and customer retention) and the expected return on investment. The amount of Lumen s consolidated capital investment, and our portion thereof, is influenced by, among other things, demand for Lumen s services and products, our network and customer contract requirements, cash flow generated by operating activities, cash required for debt service and other purposes, regulatory considerations (such as government mandated infrastructure buildout requirements) and the availability of requisite supplies, labor and permits. 
 
 Our capital expenditures continue to be focused on enhancing network operating efficiencies, developing new services, and expanding our fiber network, including our Quantum Fiber buildout plan. For more information on our capital spending, see (i) "Cash Flow Activities Investing" below and (ii) Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Debt and Other Financing Arrangements 
 
 On March 22, 2024, Lumen completed the TSA Transactions with a group of consenting debtholders representing over 15.0 billion of Lumen's outstanding consolidated long-term debt to, among other things, (i) extend maturities of the debt instruments of Lumen and Level 3 Financing, (ii) fund the repayment of all amounts owed under our term loans maturing in 2027 and (iii) provide for us and certain of our subsidiaries to guarantee Lumen s obligations under its newly-established credit agreements and newly-issued superpriority senior notes. As of September 30, 2024, we had a face amount of approximately 2.0 billion aggregate outstanding indebtedness (excluding finance leases, unamortized premiums, net and unamortized debt issuance costs). 239 million of our outstanding debt is due in the next 12 months (excluding finance lease obligations). For more information on the terms and impact of the TSA Transactions and our consolidated debt, see Note 5 Long-Term Debt to the financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this report. 
 
 Subject to market conditions, and to the extent permitted under applicable debt covenants, Qwest Corporation may issue debt securities from time to time primarily to refinance a portion of our maturing debt. The availability, interest rate and other terms of any new borrowings will depend on the ratings assigned to Qwest Corporation by credit rating agencies, among other factors. 
 
 As of the filing date of this report, the credit ratings for Qwest Corporation's senior unsecured debt were as follows: 
 Agency Credit Ratings Moody's Investors Service, Inc. Caa3 Standard Poor's B- Fitch Ratings B+ 
 
 Lumen's and Qwest Corporation's credit ratings are reviewed and adjusted from time to time by the rating agencies. Any future changes in the senior unsecured or secured debt ratings of us or our subsidiaries could impact our access to capital or borrowing costs. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to borrow additional funds on favorable terms, or at all. See Risk Factors Financial Risks in Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 From time to time over the past couple of years, we have engaged in various debt, refinancings, redemptions, tender offers, exchange offers, open market purchases and other transactions designed to reduce our consolidated indebtedness, extend our debt maturities, improve our financial flexibility or otherwise enhance our debt profile. Subject to market conditions, restrictions under our debt covenants, and other limitations, we expect to opportunistically pursue similar transactions in the future to the extent feasible. See Note 5 Long-Term Debt for additional information. 
 
 Note Payable - Affiliate 
 
 We are permitted to borrow up to 2.0 billion from our parent Lumen Technologies under a revolving promissory note. On September 30, 2022, we repaid all amounts owed to Lumen Technologies under this promissory note. Since that time, we have not owed any amounts to Lumen Technologies under this promissory note. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We periodically pay dividends to QSC, our direct parent company, which reduce our capital resources for debt repayments and other purposes. For additional information, see (i) our consolidated statements of cash flows and stockholder's equity, (ii) Note 10 Dividends and (iii) the discussion above under the heading "Overview". 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Pension and Post-retirement Benefit Obligations 
 
 Lumen Technologies is subject to material obligations under its existing defined benefit pension plans and post-retirement benefit plans. At December 31, 2023, the accounting unfunded status of Lumen's qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans and qualified post-retirement benefit plans was approximately 769 million and approximately 1.9 billion, respectively. For additional information about Lumen's pension and post-retirement benefit arrangements, see "Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Pension and Post-Retirement Benefit Obligations" in Item 7 of Lumen's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023; also see Note 11 Employee Benefits to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II of the same report. 
 
 A substantial portion of our active and retired employees participate in Lumen's qualified pension plan and post-retirement benefit plans. On December 31, 2014, the Qwest Communications International Inc. ("QCII") pension plan and a pension plan of an affiliate were merged into the CenturyLink Retirement Plan, which is now named the Lumen Combined Pension Plan. Our contributions are not segregated or restricted to pay amounts due to our employees and may be used to provide benefits to other employees of our affiliates. Prior to the pension plan merger, the above-noted employees participated in the QCII pension plan. 
 
 Benefits paid by Lumen's qualified pension plan are paid through a trust that holds all of the plan's assets. Based on current laws and circumstances, Lumen Technologies does not expect any contributions to be required for their qualified pension plan during 2024. The amount of required contributions to Lumen's qualified pension plan in 2025 and beyond will depend on a variety of factors, most of which are beyond their control, including earnings on plan investments, prevailing interest rates, demographic experience, changes in plan benefits and changes in funding laws and regulations. Lumen Technologies occasionally makes voluntary contributions in addition to required contributions and reserves the right to do so in the future. Lumen Technologies made a voluntary contribution of 170 million to the trust for the Combined Pension Plan during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Substantially all of Lumen's post-retirement health care and life insurance benefits plans are unfunded and are paid by Lumen Technologies with available cash. 
 
 The affiliate obligations, net shown in Other within current liabilities and noncurrent liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, primarily represent the cumulative allocation of expenses, net of payments, associated with QCII's pension plans and post-retirement benefits plans prior to the plan mergers. In 2015, we agreed to a plan to settle the outstanding pension and post-retirement affiliate obligations, net balance with QCII over a 30 year term. Under the plan, payments are scheduled to be made on a monthly basis. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made net settlement payments of 39 million to QCII in accordance with the plan. Changes in the affiliate obligations, net are reflected in operating activities on our consolidated statements of cash flows. For the year ended 2024, we expect to make aggregate settlement payments of 52 million to QCII under the plan. 
 
 For 2024, Lumen's expected annual long-term rate of return on pension plan assets is 6.5 . However, actual returns, if any, could be substantially different. 
 
 For additional information, see Risk Factors Financial Risks in Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Future Contractual Obligations 
 
 For information regarding our estimated future contractual obligations, see the MD A discussion included in Item 7 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Broadband Support Programs 
 
 In early 2020, the FCC created the Rural Digital Opportunity Fund ("RDOF") program, a federal support program designed to fund broadband deployment in rural America. For the first phase of this program, RDOF Phase I, the FCC awarded 6.4 billion in support payments to be paid in equal monthly installments over 10 years. Lumen Technologies was awarded RDOF funding in several of the states in which we operate and began receiving monthly support payments during the second quarter of 2022, our share of which is not material. In the third quarter of 2024, we relinquished rights to develop certain RDOF census blocks in four states, which resulted in (i) a reduction of the anticipated RDOF Phase I support payments and (ii) the expectation of payment to the Universal Service Administrative Company. These impacts are expected to be immaterial. 
 
 For additional information on these programs, see (i) Note 3 Revenue Recognition to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (ii) "Business Regulation of Our Business Universal Service" in Item 1 of Part I of the same Annual Report (iii) "Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks" in Item 1A of Part I of the same Annual Report and (iv) the periodic reports filed by Lumen Technologies. 
 
 Federal officials have proposed changes to current programs and laws that could impact us, including proposals designed to increase broadband access, increase competition among broadband providers, lower broadband costs and increase broadband regulation. In late 2021, the U.S. Congress enacted legislation that appropriated 65 billion to improve broadband affordability and access, primarily through federally funded state grants. As of the date of this report, various state and federal agencies are continuing to take steps to make this funding available to eligible applicants, including us. Although it remains premature to speculate on the ultimate impact of this legislation on us, we anticipate that the release of this funding would increase competition for broadband customers in newly-served areas. 
 
 On April 25, 2024, the FCC adopted net neutrality rules regulating broadband internet services as telecommunications services in a manner comparable to rules in effect between 2015 and 2018. It is unclear if currently pending legal challenges of these rules will succeed. If the rules withstand these challenges, it is also unclear how the FCC will implement and enforce them. We remain committed to providing open and robust broadband services to all our customers regardless of the applicable regulatory regime. Nonetheless, it is possible that implementation of these new rules could impact our operational, legal and compliance costs. 
 
 Cash Flow Activities 
 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated cash flow activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 (Dollars in millions) Net cash provided by operating activities 1,646 1,822 (176) Net cash used in investing activities (1,346) (1,820) (474) Net cash used in financing activities (288) (2) 286 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 176 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to lower net income adjusted for non-cash income and expenses. Cash provided by operating activities is subject to variability period over period as a result of timing differences, including with respect to collection of receivables and payments of interest expense, accounts payable and bonuses. For additional information about our operating results, see "Results of Operations" above. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased by 474 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in advances to affiliates, partially offset by a small increase in capital expenditures. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities increased by 286 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due repayment of our term loan maturing in 2027 as well as an increase due to timing of repayments of advances from affiliates. 
 
 See Note 5 Long-Term Debt, for additional information on our outstanding debt securities and financing activities. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 We are subject to various legal proceedings and other contingent liabilities that individually or in the aggregate could materially affect our financial condition, future results of operations or cash flows. See Note 9 Commitments, Contingencies and Other Items for additional information. 
 
 Our network includes some residual lead-sheathed copper cables installed years ago. These lead-sheathed cables constitute a small portion of our network. Due to media coverage over the past year of potential health and environmental risks associated with these cables, we anticipate incurring certain investigative costs. We also may incur other costs from related proceedings, including litigation, regulatory initiatives, and remediation. As September 30, 2024, we have not accrued for any such potential costs and will only accrue when such costs are probable and reasonably estimable. For additional information about related litigation and potential risks, see Note 9 Commitments, Contingencies and Other Items to our consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I of this report, and the risk factor disclosures incorporated by reference herein under Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part II of this report. 
 
 Lumen Technologies is involved in several legal proceedings to which we are not a party that, if resolved against it, could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Lumen Technologies, our business and financial condition could be similarly affected. You can find descriptions of these legal proceedings in Lumen's quarterly and annual reports filed with the SEC. Because we are not a party to any of the matters, we have not accrued any liabilities for these matters as of September 30, 2024. 

Other Information 
 
 Lumen's and our website is www.lumen.com . We routinely post important investor information in the "Investor Relations" section of our website at ir.lumen.com . The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not part of this quarterly report. You may obtain free electronic copies of annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K filed by us or our ultimate controlling stockholder Lumen Technologies, Inc., and all amendments to those reports, in the "Investor Relations" section of our website ir.lumen.com under the heading "SEC Filings." These reports are available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with the SEC. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction H(2). 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or furnish under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. These include controls and procedures designed to ensure this information is accumulated and communicated to our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management, with the participation of our President and Chief Executive Officer, Kate Johnson, and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Chris Stansbury, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of September 30, 2024, in providing reasonable assurance the information required to be disclosed by us in this report was accumulated and communicated in the manner provided above. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the third quarter of 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations of Internal Controls 
 The effectiveness of our or any system of disclosure controls and procedures is subject to certain limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing and evaluating the controls and procedures, the assumptions used in identifying the likelihood of future events and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. As a result, there can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will detect all errors or fraud. By their nature, our or any system of disclosure controls and procedures can provide only reasonable assurance regarding management's control objectives. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The information contained in Note 9 Commitments, Contingencies and Other Items included in Item 1 of Part I of this report is incorporated herein by reference. The ultimate outcome of the matters described in Note 9 may differ materially from the outcomes anticipated, estimated, projected or implied by us in certain of our statements appearing in such Note, and proceedings currently viewed as immaterial by us may ultimately materially impact us. For more information, see Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks in Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. We recommend that you carefully consider (i) the other information set forth in this report and (ii) the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as supplemented by the disclosures included in Part II, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibits identified in parentheses below are on file with the SEC and are incorporated herein by reference. All other exhibits are provided as part of this electronic submission. 
 Exhibit Number Description 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 Financial statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Qwest Corporation for the period ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholder's Equity and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover page formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 Exhibit filed herewith. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on November 5, 2024. 
 QWEST CORPORATION By: /s/ Andrea Genschaw Andrea Genschaw 
 Chief Accounting Officer and Controller 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 qc2024093010qex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Kate Johnson, Chief Executive Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Qwest Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Kate Johnson Kate Johnson Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 qc2024093010qex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Chris Stansbury, Chief Financial Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Qwest Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Chris Stansbury Chris Stansbury 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 qc2024093010qex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Kate Johnson, Chief Executive Officer of Qwest Corporation Qwest ), certify that, to my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Qwest fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Qwest as of the dates and for the periods covered by such report. 
 A signed original of this statement has been provided to Qwest and will be retained by Qwest and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Kate Johnson Kate Johnson Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 qc2024093010qex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Chris Stansbury, Chief Financial Officer of Qwest Corporation Qwest ), certify that, to my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Qwest fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Qwest as of the dates and for the periods covered by such report. 
 A signed original of this statement has been provided to Qwest and will be retained by Qwest and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Chris Stansbury Chris Stansbury Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lumn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lumn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lumn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lumn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lumn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

