<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241216_10-Q_edgar_data_771856_0001628280-24-051389.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4980224</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>59776</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>978219</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1582632</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1231219</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1031429</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-051389.hdr.sgml : 20241216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241216161603
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-051389
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHAMPIONS ONCOLOGY, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000771856
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				521401755
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11504
		FILM NUMBER:		241552014

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		855 N. WOLFE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 619
		CITY:			BALTIMORE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		410-369-0365

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		855 N. WOLFE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 619
		CITY:			BALTIMORE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHAMPIONS BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070220

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHAMPIONS SPORTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860319

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-051389.txt : 20241216

10-Q
 1
 csbr-20241031.htm
 10-Q

csbr-20241031 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 

Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as defined in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered The Stock Market LLC 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company , and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of shares of common stock of the Registrant outstanding as of December 13, 2024 was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE - None 

INDEX TO FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2024 
 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2024 (unaudited) and April 30, 202 4 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency) for the Three and Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 23 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 23 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 25 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 25 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 25 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 25 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 26 

3 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

CHAMPIONS ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in Thousands) October 31, 2024 April 30, 2024 (unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Property and equipment, net Other long-term assets Goodwill Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other current liability Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity (deficiency): Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued; and and outstanding as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, respectively 
 Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity (deficiency) ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficiency) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

CHAMPIONS ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Oncology services revenue Costs and operating expenses: Cost of oncology services Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total costs and operating expenses Income (loss) from operations ) ) Other income (expense) ) ) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes ) ) Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per common share outstanding basic ) ) and diluted ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

CHAMPIONS ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance April 30, 2024 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income Balance July 31, 2024 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock on exercise of stock options Net income Balance October 31, 2024 ) ) Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance April 30, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock on exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance July 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock on exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance October 31, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

CHAMPIONS ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars in Thousands) Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization expense Loss on disposal of equipment Operating lease right-of use assets Allowance for doubtful accounts and reversal of provision for credit losses ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other long term assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of options Finance lease payments ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

CHAMPIONS ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 
 operating subsidiaries: Champions Oncology (Israel), Limited, Champions Biotechnology U.K., Limited, Champions Oncology, S.R.L. (Italy), and Corellia A.I.. For the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, there were revenues earned by these subsidiaries. 
 
 The Company s functional currency for its foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in earnings. The Company is subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations in connection with the Company s international operations. 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). The Company operates in reportable business segment. 
 
 These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated. Certain information related to the Company s organization, significant accounting policies and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP has been condensed or omitted. The April 30, 2024 condensed consolidated balance sheet in the accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements was derived from audited consolidated financial statements. The accounting policies followed in the preparation of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are consistent with those followed in the Company s annual consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024, as filed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC on July 19, 2024 (the "Annual Report"). In the opinion of management, these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all material adjustments necessary to fairly state our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented and the presentations and disclosures herein are adequate when read in conjunction with the Annual Report. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for a full fiscal year. 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Note 2. 
 
 million and million, respectively, as of October 31, 2024. While the Company believes it has strategies to continue to increase revenues and reduce costs which can be implemented without disrupting the business or completely restructuring the Company, there can be no assurances that these efforts will be successful. 
 
 The Company's liquidity needs have typically arisen from the funding of our research and development programs and the launch of new products, working capital requirements, and other strategic initiatives. Most recently, the Company has met these cash requirements through cash on hand, working capital management, and sales of products and services. In the past, the Company has also received proceeds from certain private placements and public offerings of our securities. Should the Company be required to raise additional capital or seek to obtain financing, there can be no assurance that management would be successful in raising such capital or obtaining such financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 
 
 Such conditions raise substantial doubts about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

) ) Weighted Average common shares basic Basic net income (loss) per share ) ) Diluted net income (loss) per share computation: Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) Weighted Average common shares Incremental shares from assumed exercise of stock options Adjusted weighted average share diluted Diluted net income (loss) per share ) ) 

The Company recorded of liabilities related to uncertain tax positions relative to one of its foreign operations as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company did t recognize interest or penalties on its consolidated statements of operations during the three or six month periods ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. The Company does t anticipate unrecognized tax benefits will be recorded during the next 12 months. 
 
 The provision for income taxes for both the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 was . The provision for income taxes for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. The provision is 

and years. Substantially all of the Company's performance obligations, and associated revenue, are transferred to the customer over time. Most of the Company's contracts can be terminated by the customer without cause. In the event of termination, the Company's contracts provide that the customer pay the Company for services rendered through the termination date. The Company generally receives compensation based on a predetermined invoicing schedule relating to specific milestones for that contract. 
 
 Amendments to contracts are common. The Company evaluates each amendment which meets the criteria of a contract modification under ASC 606. Each modification is further evaluated to determine whether the contract modification should be accounted for as a separate contract or as a continuation of the original agreement. 
 
 The Company accounts for amendments as a separate contract as they meet the criteria under ASC 606-10-25-12. 
 
 Pharmacology Study and Other Services 
 
 The Company generally enters into contracts with customers to provide oncology services with payments based on fixed-fee arrangements. At contract inception, the Company assesses the services promised in the contracts with customers to identify the performance obligations in the arrangement. The Company's fixed-fee arrangements for oncology services are considered a single performance obligation because the Company provides a highly-integrated service. 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue over time using a progress-based input method since there is no single output measure that would fairly depict the transfer of control over the life of the performance obligation. Revenue is recognized for the single performance obligation over time due to the Company's right to payment for work performed to date and the performance does not create an asset with an alternative use. The Company recognizes revenue as portions of the overall performance obligation are completed as this best depicts the progress of the performance obligation. 
 
 Incremental Costs of Obtaining a Contract (Sales Commissions) 
 
 Under ASC 606, the costs of obtaining a contract can be expensed immediately, rather than capitalized and amortized, if the amortization period is one year or shorter. Sales commissions for the Company represent contract costs with a term of one year or less. Therefore, under ASC 606, the Company elected the practical expedient to expense these costs as incurred. 
 
 Variable Consideration 
 
 In some cases, contracts provide for variable consideration that is contingent upon the occurrence of uncertain future events, such as the success of the initial performance obligation. Variable consideration is estimated at the expected value or at the most likely amount depending on the type of consideration. Estimated amounts are included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. The estimate of variable consideration and determination of whether to include 

Note 3. 

Unbilled services Total accounts receivable and unbilled services Less: Allowances for credit losses and bad debt ) ) ) Total accounts receivable, net 

Plus: Provision for credit losses and bad debt Less: Reversal of provision for credit losses and bad debt, net ) Less: Reversal for amounts subsequently collected ) Less: Write offs Ending balance October 31, 2024 

Note 4. 
 
 Other TOS revenue Personalized oncology services Total oncology services revenue 
 
 Other Translational Oncology Solutions ("TOS") revenue represents additional services provided to the Company's pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers, specifically flow cytometry services and software-as-a-service ("SaaS") provided via our Lumin Bioinformatics software ("Lumin"). 

Note 5. 
 . 

Computer equipment and software Capitalized software development costs Laboratory equipment Assets in progress Leasehold improvements Total property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was and for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense, excluding expense recorded under finance leases, was and for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was and for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense, excluding expense recorded under finance leases, was and for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 As of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, property, plant and equipment included gross assets held under finance leases of million. Related depreciation expense was approximately and for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Related depreciation expense was approximately and for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Capitalized Software Development Costs Under a Hosting Arrangement 
 
 The Company accounts for the cost of computer software obtained or developed for internal use as well as the software development and implementation costs associated with a hosting arrangement ("internal-use software") that is a service contract in accordance and with ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other ("ASC-350"). The Company capitalizes certain costs in the development of our internal-use software when the preliminary project stage is completed and it is probable that the project itself will be completed and the software will perform as intended. These capitalized costs include personnel and related expenses for employees and costs of third-party consultants who are directly associated with and who devote time to these internal-use software projects. Capitalization of these costs ceases once the project is substantially complete and the software is ready for its intended purpose. Costs incurred for significant upgrades, increased functionality, and enhancements to the Company's internal-use software solutions are also capitalized. Costs incurred for training, maintenance, and minor modifications are expensed as incurred. Capitalized software development costs are amortized using the straight-line method over an estimated useful economic life of . 

Finance Lease 
 
 During fiscal year 2023, the Company recognized a finance lease for laboratory equipment. This equipment was obtained as the result of a laboratory supplies purchase commitment with costs of approximately at inception through June 2027. Cash payments for this lease are in the form of consideration for purchasing lab supplies under a purchase commitment agreement. The present value of the minimum future obligations of was calculated based on an interest rate of . Depreciation and amortization expense related to this finance lease was and for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the six months ended 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 During fiscal year 2022, the Company recognized a finance lease for laboratory equipment. This equipment was obtained as the result of a laboratory supplies purchase commitment with costs of approximately at inception through December 2025. Cash payments for this lease are in the form of consideration for purchasing lab supplies under a purchase commitment agreement. At the commencement of the commitment, the present value of the minimum future obligations of was 

. Depreciation and amortization expense related to this finance lease was and for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the six months ended 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The liabilities related to these finance leases are classified under other current liability and other non-current liabilities on the Company's balance sheet. The weighted average remaining lease term of these leases is years. 
 
 Current portion of financing lease liabilities Non-current portion of financing lease liabilities 
 
 2026 2027 2028 Total undiscounted liabilities Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of minimum lease payments 
 
 Refer to Note 7, Leases, for information on operating leases. 

Note 6.) Sales and marketing Research and development Cost of oncology services Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 The Company has in place a 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (collectively, the "Plans"). In general, these Plans provide for stock-based compensation to the Company s employees, directors and non-employees. The Plans also provide for limits on the aggregate number of shares that may be granted, the term of grants and the strike price of option awards. 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 As part of the 2021 Annual Shareholders Meeting, shareholders approved the adoption of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 2021 Equity Plan ). The purpose of the 2021 Equity Plan is to grant (i) Non-statutory Stock Options; (ii) Incentive Stock Options; (iii) Restricted Stock Awards; and/or (iv) Stock Appreciation Rights (collectively, stock-based compensation) to its employees, directors and non-employees. Total stock awards under the 2021 Equity Plan shall not exceed million shares of common stock. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights expire no later than from the date of grant and the awards vest 

of the fair market value of the common stock subject to the option or right at the date of grant. As of October 31, 2024, approximately million shares were available for issue under this plan. 
 
 Stock Option Grants 

Risk-free interest rates - 
 
 - 
 - 
 Volatility - 
 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend yield 
 
 The weighted average fair value of stock options granted during the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. The weighted average fair value of stock options granted during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) ) Forfeited ) ) Canceled ) ) Expired ) ) Outstanding, October 31, 2024 Vested and expected to vest as of October 31, 2024 Exercisable as of October 31, 2024 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 On March 29, 2023, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to purchase up to an aggregate of million of the Company s common stock. The share repurchase program is designed in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The shares may be purchased from time to time in the open market, as permitted under applicable rules and regulations, at prevailing market prices. The timing and amount of repurchases will depend on market conditions, share price, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The program does not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum number of shares. As of October 31, 2024, the Company had 

shares of its common stock, at an average price of per share, totaling approximately and leaving an available balance of approximately million authorized by the Board for use in the program as of that date. 

Note 7. 

Operating Leases 
 
 The Company currently leases certain office equipment and its office and laboratory facilities under non-cancelable operating leases. Rent expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term from the lease commencement date through the scheduled expiration date. Rent expense totaled for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. Rent expense totaled for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. The Company considers its facilities adequate for its current operational needs. 
 
 The Company leases the following facilities: 
 
 One University Plaza, Suite 307, Hackensack, New Jersey 07601, which, since November 2011, serves as the Company s corporate headquarters. The lease expires in November 2026. The Company recognized of rent expense relative to this lease for both the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. The Company recognized of rent expense relative to this lease for both the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 1330 Piccard Drive Suite 025, Rockville, MD 20850, which consists of laboratory and office space where the Company conducts operations related to its primary service offerings. The Company executed the original lease in January 2017. The lease was amended to expand the premises and extend the expiration date in March 2020 and again in December 2020. The operating commencement date was August 11, 2017. This lease expires in February 2029. The Company recognized and of rent expense relative to this lease for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recognized and of rent expense relative to this lease for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 VIA LEONE XIII, 14, Milan, Italy, which consists of laboratory and office space where the Company conducts operations related to its flow cytometry service offerings. The Company executed separate leases for its laboratory space and office space during fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2023, the Company executed a new lease to consolidate its office and laboratory space at a new nearby location in Italy. The lease expires October 31, 2028 and it replaces the previous two leases, which were terminated during fiscal year 2023. The Company recognized of rent expense relative to its current lease for both the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. The Company recognized and of rent expense relative to this lease for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, the weighted average remaining operating lease term and the weighted average discount rate were years and , respectively. As of October 31, 2023, the weighted average remaining operating lease term and the weighted average discount rate were years and , respectively. 

2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total undiscounted liabilities Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of minimum lease payments 
 
 Financing lease costs: Amortization of leased assets Interest on lease liabilities Total lease costs 
 Refer to Note 5, Property and Equipment, for information on financing leases. 

Note 8. 
 and , respectively, for consulting services provided by an affiliate of a Board member, unrelated to his duty as a Board member. During the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized and , respectively, for consulting services provided by an affiliate of a Board member, unrelated to his duty as a Board member. 

was due to this related party. 

Note 9. 

to per tumor sample depending on the successful growth of the tumor model and ability to develop them into a sellable product. The upfront costs are expensed as incurred. In addition, under certain agreements, for a limited period of time, the Company is subject to royalty payments if the licensed tumor models are used for sale in our TOS business, ranging from to of the contract price after recouping certain initiation costs. Some of these arrangements also set forth an annual minimum royalty due regardless of tumor models used for sale. For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, we have recognized approximately and , respectively, in expense related to these royalty arrangements. For the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, we have recognized approximately and , respectively, in expense related to these royalty arrangements. 

Note 10. 
 
 million. Within the agreement, the customer has the option to license additional data and models for an another million. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion of our historical results of operations and our liquidity and capital resources should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this Report and our 2024 Annual Report. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Report contains certain forward-looking statements, which include information relating to future events, future financial performance, strategies, expectations, competitive environment, regulation, and availability of resources. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding: proposed new programs; expectations that regulatory developments or other matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity; statements concerning projections, predictions, expectations, estimates, or forecasts as to our business, financial and operational results, and future economic performance; and statements of management s goals and objectives and other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Words such as may, should, could, would, predicts, potential, continue, expects, anticipates, future, intends, plans, believes, estimates and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are made or management s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those described in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our 2024 Annual Report, as updated in our subsequent reports filed with the SEC, including any updates found in Part II, Item 1A of this or other reports on Form 10-Q, if any. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in 

assumptions, or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 

Overview and Recent Developments 
 
 We are a technology-enabled research organization engaged in creating transformative technology solutions to be utilized in drug discovery and development. Our research center consists of a comprehensive set of computational and experimental research platforms. Our pharmacology, biomarker, and data platforms are designed to facilitate drug discovery and development at lower costs and increased speeds. We perform studies which we believe may predict the efficacy of experimental oncology drugs or approved drugs as stand-alone therapies or in combination with other drugs and can simulate the results of human clinical trials. These studies include in vivo studies that rely on implanting multiple tumors from our TumorBank in mice and testing the therapy of interest on these tumors. Studies may also include bioinformatics analysis that reveal the differences in the genetic signatures of the tumors that responded to a therapy as compared to the tumors that did not respond. Additionally, we provide computational or experimental support to identify novel therapeutic targets, select appropriate patient populations for clinical evaluation, identify potential therapeutic combination strategies, and develop biomarker hypothesis of sensitivity or resistance. These studies include the use of our in vivo, ex vivo, analytical and computational platforms. 
 
 We are engaged in the development and sale of advanced technology solutions and products to personalize the development and use of oncology drugs through our Translational Oncology Solutions ("TOS"). This technology ranges from computational-based discovery platforms, unique oncology software solutions, and innovative and proprietary experimental tools such as in vivo, ex vivo and biomarker platforms. Utilizing our TumorGraft Technology Platform (the "Platform"), a comprehensive bank of unique, well characterized models, we provide select services to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies seeking personalized approaches to drug development. By performing studies to predict the efficacy of oncology drugs, our Platform facilitates drug discovery with lower costs and increased speed of drug development as well as increased adoption of existing drugs. 
 
 We offer Lumin Bioinformatics ("Lumin"), an oncology data-driven Software as a Service ("SaaS") program. Our Lumin software contains comprehensive information derived from our research services and clinical studies. Lumin leverages our large Datacenter coupled with analytics and artificial intelligence to provide a robust tool for computational cancer research. Insights developed using Lumin can provide the basis for biomarker hypotheses, reveal potential mechanisms of therapeutic resistance, and guide the direction of additional preclinical evaluations. 
 
 Our drug discovery and development business leverages the computational and experimental capabilities within our platforms. Our discovery strategy utilizes our Datacenter, coupled with artificial intelligence and other advanced computational analytics, to identify novel therapeutic targets. We then employ the use of our proprietary experimental platforms to validate these targets for further drug development efforts. 
 
 We have a pipeline of targets at various stages of discovery and validation, with a select group that has progressed to therapeutic development. Our commercial strategy for the validated targets and therapeutics established from this business is wide-ranging and still being developed. It will depend on many factors, and will be specific for each target or therapeutic area identified. All expenses associated with this part of our business are research and development and are expensed as incurred. 
 
 We regularly evaluate strategic options to create additional value from our drug discovery business, which may include, but are not limited to, potential spin-out transactions or capital raises. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Under ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern ASC 205-40 ), the Company has the responsibility to evaluate whether conditions and/or events raise substantial doubt about its ability to meet its future financial obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The following conditions raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern: a history of net losses, working capital deficits, accumulated deficit and declining cash position. Going concern matters are more fully discussed in Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. No adjustments have been made to the financial statements as a result this uncertainty. 

Our liquidity needs have typically arisen from the funding of our research and development programs and the launch of new products, working capital requirements, and other strategic initiatives. Most recently, we have met these cash requirements through cash on hand, working capital management, and sales of products and services. In the past, we have also received proceeds from certain private placements and public offerings of our securities. For the six months ended October 31, 2024, the Company had net income of approximately 2.0 million and cash provided by operations of approximately 28,000. As of October 31, 2024, the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately 82.6 million and cash on hand of approximately 2.8 million. While we believe we have strategies to increase our revenues and reduce our costs which can be implemented without disrupting the business or completely restructuring the Company, there can be no assurances. In order to continue to fund our operations we may need to raise additional equity or debt capital in the near term and cannot provide any assurance that we will be successful in doing so, and if we can, on whether the terms will be acceptable to us. If we are unable to obtain additional financing in the near future, we may be required to pursue a reorganization proceeding, including under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws. 

Operating Results 
 
 The following table summarizes our operating results for the periods presented below (dollars in thousands): 
 
 For the Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 of Revenue 2023 of Revenue 
 Change 
 Oncology services revenue 13,489 100.0 11,573 100.0 16.6 Costs and operating expenses: Cost of oncology services 7,428 55.1 6,618 57.2 12.2 Research and development 1,689 12.5 2,515 21.7 (32.8) Sales and marketing 1,751 13.0 1,795 15.5 (2.5) General and administrative 1,889 14.0 2,600 22.5 (27.3) Total costs and operating expenses 12,757 94.6 13,528 116.9 (5.7) Income (loss) from operations 732 5.4 (1,955) (16.9) (137.4) 
 For the Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 of Revenue 2023 of Revenue 
 Change 
 Oncology services revenue 27,550 100.0 24,134 100.0 14.2 Costs and operating expenses: Cost of oncology services 14,500 52.6 14,302 59.3 1.4 Research and development 3,143 11.4 5,308 22.0 (40.8) Sales and marketing 3,430 12.5 3,491 14.5 (1.7) General and administrative 4,416 16.0 5,540 23.0 (20.3) Total costs and operating expenses 25,489 92.5 28,641 118.7 (11.0) Income (loss) from operations 2,061 7.5 (4,507) (18.7) (145.7) 

Oncology Services Revenue 
 
 Oncology services revenue, which is primarily derived from pharmacology studies, was 13.5 million and 11.6 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 1.9 million or 16.6 . Oncology services 

revenue was 27.6 million and 24.1 million for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 3.4 million or 14.2 . The increase in revenue for both the three-month and six-month periods is primarily due to a strengthening in our bookings, as customers budgets have expanded, leading to revenue growth; and, operational improvements and efficiencies implemented. The operational improvements have enabled the Company to convert bookings to revenue at a higher percentage. 
 
 Cost of Oncology Services 
 
 Cost of oncology services for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 were 7.4 million and 6.6 million, respectively, an increase of 810,000 or 12.2 . Cost of oncology services for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 were 14.5 million and 14.3 million, respectively, an increase of 198,000 or 1.4 . The increases in cost of sales for both periods were primarily attributable to an increase in mice and lab supply costs. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Research and development expense for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 were 1.7 million and 2.5 million, respectively, a decrease of approximately 826,000 or 32.8 . Research and development expense for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 were 3.1 million and 5.3 million, respectively, a decrease of approximately 2.2 million or 40.8 . The decreases in both the three and six month periods were primarily due to a reduction in investment in our developmental programs including target discovery. The declines were primarily from a reduction in salary expense and research agreements. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 were 1.8 million, with a slight decrease of 44,000 or 2.5 . Sales and marketing expenses for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 were 3.4 million and 3.5 million, with a slight decrease of 61,000 or 1.7 . Sales and marketing expenses are primarily comprised of compensation expenses to support business development. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expenses for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 were 1.9 million and 2.6 million, respectively, a decrease of 711,000, or 27.3 . General and administrative expenses for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 were 4.4 million and 5.5 million, respectively, a decrease of 1,124,000, or 20.3 . General and administrative expenses are primarily comprised of compensation, insurance, professional fees, IT and depreciation and amortization expenses. The decrease for the three and six month periods ended October 31, 2024 was primarily from a decrease in compensation and employee recruitment expenses and an adjustment to our credit loss reserve. 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following discussion relates to the major components of our cash flows: 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 For the six months ended October 31, 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was 28,000. The cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to income from operations offset by changes in our working capital accounts, including but not limited to, an increase in accounts receivable and a reduction in accounts payable in the ordinary course of business. For the six months ended October 31, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 3.4 million. The cash used in operating activities was primarily due to the net operating loss during the period. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 94,000 and 747,000 for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The cash used in investing activities for the current and prior year period was for the investment in additional lab and computer equipment. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 202,000 for the six months ended October 31, 2024 . For the six months ended October 31, 2024, the cash provided was from cash received from stock options exercises slightly offset by financing 

lease payments. Net cash used in financing activities was 456,000 for the six months ended October 31, 2023. The cash used was due to the Company's' stock repurchase program offset by cash received from stock option exercises. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect our Results of Operations 
 
 Our results of operations may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the effects of a resurgence or emergence of pandemic-like viruses, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. We cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration, or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 
 The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to apply methodologies and make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates of the Company include, among other things, accounts receivable realization, revenue recognition, and stock-based compensation assumptions. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company s critical accounting policies are summarized in our 2024 Annual Report. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Financing 
 
 We have no off-balance sheet debt or similar obligations. We have no transactions or obligations with related parties that are not disclosed, consolidated into or reflected in our reported results of operations or financial position. We do not guarantee any third-party debt. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 It is management s responsibility to establish and maintain disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the relationship between the benefit of desired controls and procedures and the cost of implementing new controls and procedures. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2024. Based on that assessment, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of October 31, 2024 at the reasonable assurance level in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Further, management concluded that our consolidated financial statements in this Report present fairly, in all material respects, the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods presented, in conformity with GAAP. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 To the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such, or against any of our property. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 As a smaller reporting company under Rule 12-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, as of the date of this Report, there have been no material changes with respect to those risk factors previously disclosed in our 2024 Annual Report. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 . 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 No. Exhibit 31.1 Section 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 31.2 Section 302 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS iXBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

filed herewith 
 furnished herewith 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CHAMPIONS ONCOLOGY, INC. (Registrant) Date: December 16, 2024 By: /s/ Ronnie Morris Ronnie Morris Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Date: December 16, 2024 By: /s/ David Miller David Miller Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 csbrq21031202410-qex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Ronnie Morris, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Champions Oncology, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s first fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date December 16, 2024 s Ronnie Morris Ronnie Morris Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 csbrq21031202410-qex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, David Miller, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Champions Oncology, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s first fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date December 16, 2024 s David Miller David Miller Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 csbrq21031202410-qex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE U.S. SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Champions Oncology, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge 
 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date December 16, 2024 s Ronnie Morris Ronnie Morris Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date December 16, 2024 s David Miller David Miller Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 csbr-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 csbr-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 csbr-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 csbr-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 csbr-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

