<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1398805_0001683168-24-008129.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5673479</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118587</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1113411</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1405912</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1390467</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1517080</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-008129.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114172025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-008129
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Beam Global
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001398805
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				208457250
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38868
		FILM NUMBER:		241464385

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5660 EASTGATE DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-799-4583

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5660 EASTGATE DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Envision Solar International, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100407

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Casita Enterprises, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070508

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-008129.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 beam_i10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEPT 2024

Beam Global 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the Period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from _________________
to ________________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

_____________________________________________ 

 (Former name, former address and formal fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange in which registered 

Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

The number of registrant's shares of common stock,
 0.001 par value outstanding as of November 12, 2024 was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 

Notes To Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 26 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 26 

PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 28 
 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 28 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 28 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 28 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 28 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 29 

SIGNATURES 
 30 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Beam Global 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (In thousands,
except share and per share data) 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Inventory, net 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Deposits 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Sales tax payable 

Deferred revenue, current 

Note payable, current 

Deferred consideration, current 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue, noncurrent 

Note payable, noncurrent 

Contingent consideration, noncurrent 

Other liabilities, noncurrent 

Deferred tax liabilities, noncurrent 

Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' equity 

Preferred stock, par value, authorized, outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying unaudited notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

3 

Beam Global 

 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations
and Comprehensive Loss 

 (Unaudited, in thousands except per share data) 

Three Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Income/Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

Other (expense) income 

Interest expense 

Other income 

Income/Loss before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Net Income/Loss 

Net foreign currency translation adjustments 

Total Comprehensive Income/Loss 

Net loss per share - basic 

Net loss per share - diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

The accompanying unaudited notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

4 

Beam Global 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

 (Unaudited, in thousands) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Total Stockholders' 

Stock 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

Stock issued for director services - vested 

Stock issued to (released from) escrow account - unvested 

Stock-based compensation to consultants 

Employee stock-based compensation expense 

Warrants exercised for cash 

Sale of stock under Committed Equity Facility 

Net income (loss) 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

Stock issued for director services - vested 

Stock issued to (released from) escrow account - unvested 

Settlement of earnout related to acquisition 

Employee stock-based compensation expense 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, pursuant to public offering 

Warrants exercised for cash 

Sale of stock under Committed Equity Facility 

Net income (loss) 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Stock issued for director services - vested 

Stock issued to (released from) escrow account - unvested 

Employee stock-based compensation expense 

Warrants exercised for cash 

Expenses to maintain Committed Equity Facility 

Net income (loss) 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Total Stockholders' 

Stock 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2023 
 14,398 

Stock issued for director services - vested 

Stock issued to (released from) escrow account - unvested 

Employee stock-based compensation expense 

Warrants exercised for cash 

Impact of foreign currency translation 

Net loss 

Balance at March 31, 2024 

Stock issued for director services - vested 

Stock issued to (released from) escrow account - unvested 

Employee stock-based compensation expense 

Warrants exercised for cash 

Impact of foreign currency translation 

Sale of stock under Committed Equity Facility 

Net loss 

Balance at June 30, 2024 

Stock issued for director services - vested 

Stock issued to (released from) escrow account - unvested 

Employee stock-based compensation expense 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, pursuant to public offering 

Stock option exercise and restricted stock unit vestings (cashless) 

Impact of foreign currency translation 

Stock issued for acquisition and expenses 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

The accompanying unaudited notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

5 

Beam Global 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Unaudited, in thousands) 

Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision on credit losses 

Common stock issued for services 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities 

Employee stock-based compensation 

Disposal of property and equipment 

Amortization of operating lease right of use asset 

Abandoned patent costs 

Stock Compensation expense for non-employees 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Inventory 

Deposits 

Increase (decrease) in: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Sales tax payable 

Deferred revenue 

Other long term liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing Activities: 

Acquisition, net of cash acquired 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Payment of Deferred Consideration 

Funding of patent costs 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock under committed equity facility, net of offering costs 

Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 

Proceeds from warrant exercises 

Borrowings of note payable 

Payments of equity offering costs 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, pursuant to public offering 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Fair value of common stock issued as consideration for business combination 

Purchase of property and equipment by incurring debt 

Purchase of property and equipment by incurring current liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Issuance of stock for Committed Equity Line 

Warrants issued for services to non-employee 

Shares issued for services to non-employee 

The accompanying unaudited notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

6 

BEAM GLOBAL 

 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (Unaudited) 

million of the Company s
cash deposits were greater than the federally insured limits. 

Major Customers 

The Company continually assesses
the financial strength of its customers. We are not aware of any material credit risks associated with our customers. 
of our third quarter revenues were derived from pre-funded federal, state and local government programs, and the remaining 
were derived from commercial customers that we believe have good credit or, alternatively, favorable payment terms which minimizes our
credit risk with respect to such customers. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, no single customer accounted for more than
10 of total revenues and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, one customer accounted for 
of total revenues, with no other single customer accounting for more than 10 of total revenues. At September 30, 2024, accounts receivable
from two customers accounted for 
and 
of total accounts receivable with no other single customer accounting for more than 10 of the accounts receivable balance. At December
31, 2023, accounts receivable from four customers accounted for ,
 ,
 
and 
of total accounts receivable each with no other single customer accounting for more than 10 of the accounts receivable balance. For
the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company s sales to federal, state and local governments represented 
of revenues. 

A summary of the allowance for credit losses for
the nine months ending September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

Net provision for credit losses 

(Charge-offs)/recoveries, net 

End of Period 

Allowance for credit losses as a of total Accounts Receivable 

The Company is able to classify
fair value balances based on the observability of those inputs. The guidance establishes a formal fair value hierarchy based on the inputs
used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 measurements and the lowest priority to level 3 measurements,
and accordingly, Level 1 measurement should be used whenever possible. 

The hierarchy is broken down
into three levels based on the reliability of inputs as follows: 

Level 1 Quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities or published net asset value for alternative investments with characteristics similar
to a mutual fund. 

Level 2 Inputs other
than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs for the asset
or liability. 

The methods used may produce
a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while management
believes its valuation methods are appropriate, the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a difference fair value
measurement at the reporting date. There were no changes in the Company s valuation methodologies from the prior year. 

For purpose of this disclosure,
the carrying amounts for financial assets and liabilities such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable trade, other
prepaid expenses and current assets, accounts payable and other current liabilities, all approximate fair value due to their short-term
nature as of September 30, 2024. The Company had Level 3 liabilities as of September 30, 2024. There were no transfers between levels
during the reporting period. 

Additions 

Change in fair value 

Contingent Consideration as of September 30, 2024 

shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock were outstanding at September 30, 2024. Options to purchase 
 common shares and warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock were outstanding at September 30, 2023. 

The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted
loss per share: 

Denominator: 

Number of shares used in basic computation 

Denominator for diluted loss per share - weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding 

Loss per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

million of non-cash expenses) and 11 .0 million (which includes .0 million of non-cash expenses)
and net cash used in operating activities of 3.1 million and 13.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
At September 30, 2024, the Company had a cash balance of million and working capital of million. Based on the Company s
current operating plan and the available working capital that can be converted to cash (specifically the accounts receivable balance of
approximately million), the Company believes that it has the ability to fund its operations and meet contractual obligations for
at least twelve months from the date of this report. 

In 2022, the Company entered
into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement with B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC under which the Company
issued shares for approximately .0 million. The facility was terminated on October 1, 2024. 

The Company s outstanding
warrants generated million and million of proceeds during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Warrants to purchase 282,334 shares of common stock which were issued as part of our 2019 public offering expired on April 18, 2024. The
Company has a warrant outstanding to purchase up to shares of our common stock at an exercise price equal to per share
that expires in March 2028 and that could generate up to an additional 3.4 million of proceeds, conditioned upon the market price of
our common stock and the warrant holder s ability and decision to exercise them. 

In March 2023, the Company
entered into a supply chain line of credit agreement with OCI Group for up to 100 million to further support our working capital requirements.
Subject to the terms of the agreement, OCI Group will make available to the Company funding based on amounts owed to the Company by its
customers. To date, the Company has not borrowed against this line of credit. 

Although the Company believes
that it will become profitable in the next few years as our revenues grow, we improve our gross profit and we leverage our overhead costs,
we expect to continue to incur losses for a period of time. If necessary, the Company may raise additional capital to finance its future
operations through equity or debt financings. There is no guarantee that profitable operations will be achieved, or that additional capital
or debt financing will be available on a timely basis, on favorable terms, or at all, and such funding, if raised, may not be sufficient
to meet our obligations or enable us to continue to implement our long-term business strategy. In addition, obtaining additional funding
or entering into other strategic transactions could result in significant dilution to our stockholders. 

million euros million) at closing
and an additional million euros million) was paid on January 2, 2024. With respect to the equity portion of the purchase price,
the Company issued to the Sellers an aggregate of shares of our common stock. 

The
Sellers are eligible to earn additional shares of the Company s common stock if Amiga meets certain revenue milestones for the years
ended December 31, 2024 and 2025 (the Earnout Consideration ). The Earnout Consideration that Sellers are eligible to receive
is equal to two times the amount of revenue of Amiga Amiga Net Revenue that is greater than specific revenue targets for
each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2025. The Earnout Consideration will be paid in the Company s stock for each annual
target period and will be calculated based on the volume weighted average price of Beam s common stock for the thirty trading days
prior to the end of the applicable measurement period. In no event and under no circumstances will the Company issue to the Sellers an
amount of the Company s common stock that exceeds 19.99 of the total outstanding common stock of the Company immediately prior
to the closing. An estimate of the fair value of the contingent consideration has been recorded in the opening balance sheet. O n
February 16, 2024, the Company and the Sellers entered into an amendment to the Purchase Agreement to remove the requirement that the
Sellers shall be providing services to Amiga as a condition to receive the Earnout Consideration. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million of income related to the fair value adjustment of the liability for Earnout Consideration. 

Amiga,
located in Serbia, is engaged in the manufacture and distribution of steel structures with integrated electronics, such as streetlights,
cell towers, and ski lift towers. The acquisition of Amiga is assisting in introducing our products to Europe, increasing and diversifying
our revenues, enhancing our manufacturing and engineering capabilities, accelerating the development of BeamSpot (formerly named
EV Standard and other products both in Europe and the US, adding new customer segments in both Europe and the US, and we believe,
increasing barriers to entry for future competition, and advancing Beam s position as a leader in the green economy. 

The acquisition was accounted
for as a business combination in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 805, Business Combinations . Goodwill represents
the premium the Company paid over net fair value of tangible and intangible assets acquired. 

On November 7, 2023, Amiga
changed its name to Beam Europe LLC. 

Telcom 

On August 30, 2024, the Company
acquired Telcom d.o.o Beograd Telcom ), pursuant to a Share Sale and Purchase Agreement dated as of August 30, 2024 (the
 Agreement with the owners (the Sellers of Telcom. Telcom is a business located in Serbia and engaged in
the manufacturing of telecommunications equipment. Beam acquired all of the equity stock of Telcom from the Sellers in exchange for cash
and Beam common stock. The total purchase price was subject to adjustment based on the amount of cash held by Telcom at closing. Based
on Telcom s cash balance at closing equal to approximately EUR , Beam paid to the Sellers a purchase price equal to EUR 
which was paid to the Sellers as follows: (i) EUR cash and (ii) issued shares of Beam common stock. 

In
addition to the above payments, the Sellers are eligible to earn up to EUR (the Earnout Cap in additional shares
of Beam common stock if Telcom meets certain revenue milestones for fiscal years 2024 and 2025 (the Earnout Consideration ).
The Telcom Earnout Consideration that Sellers are eligible to receive for 2024 will be equal to the amount the net revenue of Telcom Telcom
Net Revenue exceeds EUR for 2024 up to the Earnout Cap. Provided that Sellers Earnout Consideration was less than the
Earnout Cap, the Sellers will be eligible for additional Telcom Earnout Consideration in 2025 if (i) 2025 Telcom Net Revenue exceeds 2024
Telcom Net Revenue, and (ii) 2025 Telcom Net Revenue exceeds 850,000. The Telcom Earnout Consideration for 2025 will be calculated based
on the amount the 2025 Net Revenue exceeds the 2024 Net Revenue subject to the Earnout Cap. In no event, will the Sellers Earnout Consideration
for 2024 and 2025, in the aggregate, exceed the Earnout Cap. The Earnout Consideration for each period will be calculated based on the
volume weighted average price of Beam s common stock for the thirty trading days prior to the end of the applicable calendar year.
In no event and under no circumstances will the Sellers receive from Beam or will Beam issue to the Sellers in connection with the transaction
Beam s common stock in an amount that exceeds 19.99 of the outstanding common stock of Beam immediately prior to closing. 

The acquisition was accounted
for as a business combination in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 805, Business Combinations . Goodwill
represents the premium the Company paid over net fair value of tangible and intangible assets acquired. 

The valuation of the Earnout
Consideration was performed using a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of the contingent consideration, which
includes estimates and assumptions such as forecasted revenues of Telcom, discount rates, and the milestone settlement value. As such
valuation includes the use of unobservable inputs, it is considered to be a Level 3 measurement. The fair value of the Earnout Consideration
will be reassessed on a quarterly basis with the change recorded to operating expenses. Change in the fair value of the Earnout Consideration
during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is as follows (in thousands): 

Acquisition of Telcom 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

The following table summarizes the estimated fair
value allocation of consideration exchanged for the estimated fair value of tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition
date. The estimated fair value for working capital is generally equivalent to the net book value of the acquired assets and liabilities
on the acquisition date. Fair value assigned to property, plant and equipment is based on real estate appraisals, market value comparisons,
or acquired net book value of recently acquired assets. The valuation of the contingent consideration is based on a discounted cash flow
analysis using the Company s forecasted results for the operations for the two years subject to revenue earn-out targets. 

Consideration is comprised of the following
(in thousands): 

Common Stock 

Earnout Consideration 

Total Consideration 

The following table shows the allocation of consideration
to assets and liabilities at fair value (in thousands): 

Accounts Receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Property, plant and equipment 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities Assumed 

Accounts payable 

Accrued Expenses 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

The estimated fair values assigned to identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed are provisional pending the finalization of the working capital and purchase price allocation
and are based on the information that was available as of the acquisition date to estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed. The Company believes that information provides a reasonable basis for estimating the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed, but the Company is waiting for additional information necessary to finalize those fair values. Therefore, the provisional measurements
of fair value reflected are subject to change and such changes could be significant. The Company expects to complete the allocation of
purchase price as soon as practicable, but no later than one year after the acquisition date. 

Pro Forma Unaudited Financial Information 

The unaudited pro forma financial
information summarizes the combined results of operations of Beam Global, Amiga and Telcom as if the companies had been combined as of
the beginning of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net Revenues 

The pro forma financial information
is presented for information purposes only and may not be indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved had the
acquisition been completed at the beginning of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. In addition, the unaudited pro forma
financial information is not a projection of future results of operations of the combined company, nor does it reflect the expected realization
of any synergies or cost savings associated with the acquisition. The unaudited pro forma financial information includes adjustments to
reflect the incremental amortization expense of the identifiable intangible assets and transaction costs. 

The statement of operations,
in the table above, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes revenues of million and loss from operations of thousand
from the acquired Telcom business. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes revenues of million and loss from operations
of million from the acquired Amiga business and revenues of million and gain from operations of thousand from the acquired
Telcom business. 

Work in process 

Raw materials 

Total inventory 

Computer equipment and software 

Land, buildings and leasehold improvements 

Autos 

Machinery and equipment 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and Equipment, net 

Depreciation expense during
the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was million, million, million and 
million, respectively. 

Trade name 

Customer relationships 

Backlog 

Patents 

Intangible assets 

September 30, 2024 

Gross Carrying Amount 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net Carrying Amount 
 Weighted-average Amortization Period (yrs) 
 
 Developed technology 

Trade name 

Customer relationships 

Backlog 

Patents 

Intangible assets 

Amortization expense during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was million, million, million and million,
respectively. 

Accrued salaries and bonus 

Vendor accruals 

Accrued warranty 

Other accrued expense 

Total accrued expenses 

Other Long-Term Liabilities: 

Long-term deferred tax liability 

Acquired long-term liability 

Total long-term liabilities 

Acquired long-term liability
of million consists of million restructuring debt settlement from the acquisition of Amiga. The debt restructuring was entered
into in 2021 for a nine-year term with six years and three months remaining at September 30, 2024. Payments are due quarterly as a percentage
of the remaining balance due and carry no interest. thousand consists of non-current liabilities related to the acquisition of Telcom. 

 thousand, and bears interest at a rate of per year. Payment on the loan began in July 2023, and the loan has a short-term balance
of thousand. In March 2024, the Company purchased a forklift and financed the purchase through an auto loan. The loan has a term of
60 months, requires payments of approximately , and bears interest at a rate of per year. Payment on the loan began
in February 2024, and the loan has a short-term balance of thousand. In April 2024, a second forklift was purchased and financed through
an auto loan. The loan has a term of 60 months, requires payments of approximately , and bears interest at a rate of 
per year. Payment on the loan began in April 2024, and the loan has a short-term balance of thousand. 

shares for approximately .0 million. As consideration for B. Riley s commitment to
purchase shares of the Company s common stock, the Company issued B. Riley shares of its common stock in both September 2022
and April 2023. The facility was terminated on October 1, 2024. 

The
Company issued shares under the Purchase Agreement for .0 million in proceeds, of which million was offset by the offering
costs as of September 30, 2024. 

Stock Options 

Option activity for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 is as follows: 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

The stock options terminate ten (10) years from the date of grant or
upon termination of employment. 

The fair value of each option
is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the assumptions in the table below and we assumed
there would not be dividends paid during the life of the options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

 - 
 
 - 
 
 Expected term 
 - Years 
 
 - Years 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted-average FV 

The Company s stock
option compensation expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million
and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. There was million of total unrecognized compensation costs
related to outstanding stock options at September 30, 2024 which will be recognized over .0 years. Total intrinsic value of options outstanding
and options exercisable were thousand and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. The number of shares of common stock
underlying stock options vested and unvested as of September 30, 2024 were and , respectively. 

Restricted Stock Units 

In November 2022, the Company
granted restricted stock units RSUs and up to performance stock units PSU to its Chief
Executive Officer CEO ). For the RSUs, 50 vested upon the grant date, 25 vested on February 1, 2024 and 25 will vest
on February 1, 2025. The number of shares that will be earned under the PSUs will be determined based on the achievement of specific performance
metrics during the three-year period ending December 31, 2024. 

PSUs and RSUs
remain outstanding as of September 30, 2024, with weighted-average grant-date fair values of each. 

Stock compensation expense
related to the RSUs and PSUs was million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, with million
in unrecognized stock compensation expense remaining to be recognized over months as of September 30, 2024. 

Restricted Stock Awards 

The Company issues restricted
stock to its non-employee members of its board of directors as compensation for such members services. Such grants generally vest
ratably over four quarters. 

The Company also previously
issued restricted stock awards to its CEO, for which generally 50 of the shares granted vest ratably over four quarters and the remaining
50 vest ratably over twelve quarters. The common stock related to these awards are issued to an escrow account on the date of grant and
released to the grantee upon vesting. The fair value is determined based on the closing stock price of the Company s common stock
on the date granted and the related expense is recognized ratably over the vesting period. 

A summary of activity of the restricted stock
awards for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is as follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested at September 30, 2024 

Stock compensation expense
related to restricted stock awards was million and million during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024,
there were unvested shares of common stock representing million of unrecognized restricted stock grant expense which will be recognized
over months. 

Warrants 

In 2023, the Company
issued warrants to purchase up to 
shares of the Company s common stock at a price per share equal to 17.00 to a consultant for services to be provided over a
five-year period. The warrants were immediately exercisable but are subject to repurchase by the Company until the required service
is provided. The fair value of such warrants was 8.05 per share or 
million on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This model incorporated certain assumptions for inputs
including a risk-free market interest rate of 3.86 , an expected dividend yield of the underlying common stock of 0 , expected life
of 2.5 years and expected volatility in the market value of the underlying common stock based on our historical volatility of 99.6 .
The fair value of the warrants was recorded to prepaid expenses and other current assets to be recognized over the service period.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 
million was recorded as expense and 1.1 million of cost has not been recognized and will be recognized over the next 3.5 years. 

A summary of activity of warrants outstanding
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is as follows: 

Granted 

Expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable warrants as of
September 30, 2024 have a weighted average remaining contractual life of years. The intrinsic value of the exercisable shares of the
warrants at September 30, 2024 was . Warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price equal to which
were issued in our 2019 public offering expired on April 18, 2024. 

Maintenance fees 

Professional services 

Shipping and handling 

Discounts and allowances 

Total revenues 

Percentages of our revenues
derived from customers located in California during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, California customer revenues were and , respectively. Our international
sales represented and of revenues in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

At September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, deferred revenue was million and million, respectively. These amounts consisted mainly of customer deposits
in the amount of .0 million and million for September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and prepaid multi-year maintenance
plans for previously sold products which account for million and million for September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively,
and pertain to services to be provided through 2031. 

21 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References
in this Report to we, us, our, the Company or Beam means Beam
Global, a Nevada corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

This report contains forward-looking
statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, the industry in which we operate and
other matters, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions and other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts. These
statements include, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and prospects. For example, when we use words such as projects, 
 expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, 
 estimates, should, would, could, will, opportunity, 
 potential or may, and variations of such words or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or
outcomes, we are making forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

These forward-looking statements
are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties that may cause the Company s actual results to be materially different
from any future results expressed or implied by the Company in those statements. The most important factors that could prevent the Company
from achieving its stated goals include, but are not limited to, the following: 

(a) 
 volatility or decline of the Company s stock price, or absence of stock price appreciation; 

(b) 
 fluctuation in quarterly results; 

(c) 
 failure of the Company to earn revenues or profits; 

(d) 
 inadequate capital to continue or expand its business, and the inability to raise additional capital or financing to implement its business plans; 

(e) 
 reductions in demand for the Company s products and services, whether because of competition, general industry conditions, loss of tax incentives for solar power, technological obsolescence or other reasons; 

(f) 
 litigation with or legal claims and allegations by outside parties; 

(g) 
 insufficient revenues to cover operating costs, resulting in persistent losses; 

(h) 
 rapid and significant changes to costs of raw materials from government tariffs or other market factors; 

(i) 
 failure to realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or difficulties in integrating any acquisition with the Company and its operations; 

(j) 
 the preceding and other factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and other reports we may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time; and 

(k) 
 the factors set forth in Part I, Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

New factors emerge from time
to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on
our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statements. Because factors referred to elsewhere in this report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (sometimes referred to as the 2023 Form 10-K that we previously filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation the Risk Factors section in the 2023 Form 10-K, could cause
actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us, you should not place
undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made,
and except as may be required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to release publicly the results of any revisions to these
forward-looking statements or to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date of this report on Form 10-Q. 

22 

Overview 

Beam Global develops, manufactures,
and sells high-quality, renewably energized infrastructure products for electric vehicle charging infrastructure, energy storage, energy
security, smart city infrastructure and disaster preparedness. 

The Company has multiple product
lines that incorporate our proprietary technology. Our off-grid EV charging and energy security products produce a unique alternative
to grid-tied charging, having a built-in renewable energy source in the form of attached solar panels and/or light wind generator to produce
power and battery storage to store the power. Versions of our charging infrastructure products are modified to support EVs, eMotorcycles,
eBikes, desalination and auxiliary power. Our Smart Cities products combine structural elements with built in electronics, renewable energy
generation and IoT capabilities. These products are scalable and attractively designed and include: 

- 
 EV ARC Electric Vehicle Autonomous Renewable Charger a patented, rapidly deployed, infrastructure product that uses integrated solar power and battery storage to provide a mounting asset and a source of power for factory installed electric vehicle charging stations of any brand. The electronics are elevated to the underside of the sun-tracking solar array making the unit flood-proof up to nine and a half feet and allowing adequate space to park a vehicle on the engineered ballast and traction pad which gives the product stability and a certified wind rating of 160 miles per hour. 

- 
 Solar Tree DCFC Patented off-grid, renewably energized and rapidly deployed, single-column mounted smart generation and energy storage system with the capability to provide a 150kW DC fast charge to one or more electric vehicles or larger vehicles. 

- 
 EV ARC DCFC DC Fast Charging system for charging EVs comprised of four interconnected EV ARC systems and a 24kW DC fast charger. 

- 
 BeamSpot patent issued on December 31, 2019 and currently.in the process of initial installation. A streetlight, EV charging and emergency power product which uses an existing streetlight s foundation and a combination of solar, wind, grid connection and onboard energy storage to provide curbside charging and emergency power. 

- 
 BeamBike - rapidly deployed, construction free, solar-powered charging system based on the patented EV ARC platform which generates and stores its own clean electricity, accessed through twelve integrated, weatherized 120 V outlets supporting any eBike charger. Supports 12 eBikes and is available with or without bundled eBike packages. 

- 
 BeamPatrol - Rapidly deployed and easily transported, the BeamPatrol station allows law enforcement and safety personnel to charge and quickly access nimble, quiet and responsive motorcycles without the need for any additional infrastructure or fuel. This innovative solution is ideal for law enforcement, customs and border patrol, the military, park services, air and seaport operations and any situation where the ability to rapidly gain access to an environment, without alerting targets of the operation, is required. BeamPatrol and the motorcycles it supports generate low to no maintenance or fuel costs and provide a highly reliable mobility solution while assisting in the carbon reduction efforts of the agencies that use the product. Available with, or without bundled eMotorcyles. 

- 
 BeamWell - based on the patented EV ARC system, is a self-sufficient, self-contained operational system for use in war zones and remote or disaster areas where only salt, brackish or dirty water is available because a reliable clean water supply is not available or has been interrupted. The BeamWell system provides three essential services to regions in crisis: it turns seawater into fresh water, which is then stored in an integrated 3000-liter tank that is replenished daily; it provides a source of electricity which can be used for medical or communications devices as well as cooking and lighting; and it charges four integrated and bundled Benzina Zero electric mopeds for the rapid distribution of food, water, medications or other vital resources, to those in need. 

- 
 Smart Cities Infrastructure products Street lighting, street furniture, communications infrastructure products, energy infrastructure products, with electronics integration including renewable energy sources, battery storage, sensors and IoT integration. 

- 
 UAV ARC - patent issued on November 24, 2020 and currently under development. An off-grid, renewably energized and rapidly deployed product and network used to charge aerial drone (UAV) fleets. 

23 

We believe that there is a
clear need for a rapidly deployable and highly scalable EV charging infrastructure, and that our products fulfill that requirement. Unlike
grid-tied installations which require general and electrical contractors, engineers, consultants, digging trenches, permitting, pouring
concrete, wiring, and ongoing utility bills, the EV ARC system can be deployed in minutes, not months, and is powered by renewable
energy so there is no utility bill. We are agnostic as to the EV charging service equipment or provider and integrate the best of breed
solutions based upon our customers requirements. For example, our EV ARC and Solar Tree products have been deployed
with Chargepoint, Blink, Enel X, Electrify America and other high quality EV charging solutions. We can make recommendations to customers,
or we can comply with their specifications and/or existing charger networks. Our products replace the infrastructure required to support
EV chargers, not the chargers themselves. We do not sell EV charging, rather we sell products which enable it. 

We believe our chief differentiators
for our electric vehicle charging and energy security infrastructure products are: 

our patented, renewable energy products dramatically reduce the cost, time and complexity of the installation and operation of EV charging infrastructure and outdoor media platforms when compared to traditional, utility grid tied alternatives; 

our proprietary and patented energy storage solutions; 

our first-to-market advantage with EV charging infrastructure products which are renewably energized, rapidly deployed and require no construction or electrical work on site; 

our products capability to operate during grid outages and to provide a source of EV charging and emergency power rather than becoming inoperable during times of emergency or other grid interruptions; and 

our ability to continuously create new and patentable marketable inventions by integrating our proprietary technology and parts, and other commonly available engineered components, which create a further barrier to entry for our competition; 

our international operations in two of the three largest automotive markets in the world today. 

Beam AllCell designs,
manufactures and sells custom, high-quality, bespoke lithium-ion energy storage solutions. Our world-class battery engineering team rigorously
creates unique battery formats and shapes to the highest standards, delivering highly flexible solutions that maximize power in compact
spaces. Our patented PCC phase change material, manufactured in-house, provides passive thermal management solution and critical
safety features against thermal runaway. Our proprietary Smart BMS, designed by the Company, further differentiates our products, ensuring
superior customer satisfaction. Our battery is ideal for applications requiring high energy density, high power, and safe, space
efficient enclosures. Our batteries power drones, submersibles, medical devices, recreational products and micro-mobility solutions. The
Company is integrating these advanced batteries and technologies into our new product designs under development. 

On October 20, 2023, Beam
acquired Amiga DOO Kraljevo Amiga or Beam Europe ), a business located
in Serbia and engaged in the manufacture and distribution of steel structures with electronic integration, including (i) infrastructure
products for public lighting; (ii) infrastructure products for mobile telephone, networks and transmission lines; (iii) infrastructure
products for tram, trolleybus, and railways; (iv) infrastructure products for contact networks, masts, portals and semi-portals for road
and railway signaling; (v) large steel lattice structures for specific purposes (e.g., stadiums, factories, power plants, etc.); and (vi)
distribution and command electrical cabinets. Amiga has engineering, product development and manufacturing capabilities which are well
suited to manufacture and sell Beam s current and future products in the European market. As a large European manufacturer of streetlights,
Amiga is well positioned to assist in the development of the EV-Standard for both the European and US markets. 

On August 30, 2024, Beam acquired
Telcom d.o.o. Beograd Telcom ), a business located in Serbia and engaged in the manufacturing of power electronics and telecommunications
equipment. Telcom engineers and manufacturers specialized power electronics includer invertors, charge controllers, power supplies and
LED lighting. Telcom has electrical engineering, product development and manufacturing capabilities which Beam believes are ideally suited
to improve the Company s current and future products for the global market. Telcom has a well-respected and highly talented team
of electrical engineers, focused on power electronics and the integration of renewables and energy storage. 

24 

Overall Business Outlook 

Our revenues for the first
nine months of 2024 were 40.9 million, a 14 decrease from 47.3 million for the first nine months in 2023. We believe that the decrease
in revenue is a result of order timing, uncertainty in the U.S. government s zero emission vehicle strategy related to the presidential
election and evolving certification requirements for energy storage systems requiring updates to our EV ARC products which we believe
will be completed in the first quarter of 2025. These matters have particularly impacted our larger federal customers and we do not believe
that they signify any fundamental reduction in demand for our products. Our pipeline of prospective customer orders has increased during
the same period, although we cannot be sure of when, or if, those prospective orders will turn into actual sales. As we have continued
investment in our sales resources, in September of 2024, we hired a new Vice President of Sales in the U.S. and a new Director of Channel
Partnerships in Europe to drive growth in commercial and government sectors. The Company believes there continues to be a high level of
support for funding EV charging infrastructure from both commercial and government entities, including a number of federal grants available
under the Inflation Reduction Act. In addition, certain of our commercial customers may benefit from the Federal Solar Investment Tax
Credit and accelerated depreciation as allowed under Section 179 of the IRS code which, we believe, provides a competitive advantage for
our products over traditionally installed EV charging infrastructure which is not eligible for these incentives. Given these available
incentives, we have invested in a federal lobbyist, a federal business development resource and a government relations employee, who have
helped to identify opportunities and increase awareness of our product and outreach with federal agencies. In addition, the General Services
Administration (GSA) awarded Beam Global a federal blanket purchase agreement in April 2022 which provides federal agencies a streamlined
procurement process for procuring EV ARC systems. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded revenues of 28.4 million
for federal customers, compared to 39.9 million for the same period in 2023. We expect to see uneven orders from quarter to quarter,
especially with our federal customers, but over time we expect our revenues to grow. Our commercial, non-government, revenues increased
as a percentage of our revenues from 11 to 31 from the first nine months of 2023 to the first nine months of 2024. Our geographic expansion
into Europe and our additional business development activities in the Middle East and Africa are, we believe, also providing opportunities
for growth which are not dependent on, or impacted by, shifts in US government and zero emission vehicle strategies. The new products
we have brought to market offer values which are also not dependent upon US federal government investment. 

We expect the electric vehicle
market to continue to experience significant growth globally over the next decade, which will in turn increase demand for additional EV
charging infrastructure. We believe we are positioned to benefit significantly from this growth. 

We believe the Company s
acquisition of All Cell, a battery technology company, will increase our new customer opportunities. We now have the ability to value
engineer bespoke battery solutions for our products. Beam All-Cell batteries are ideally suited for applications where
energy density, safety and bespoke enclosures require high power in small spaces. Drones, submersibles, recreational products and a host
of micro mobility and electric vehicle products are already benefiting from our Beam All-Cell highly differentiated
products. With the continued growth of untethered electrification, we believe there is an opportunity for increased demand in these markets
and others. 

In
October 2023, the Company acquired Amiga (now renamed Beam Europe), an established manufacturer of specialized steel structures and equipment,
producing streetlights, communications and energy infrastructure whose manufacturing, engineering and sales teams service municipalities,
states and commercial customers in 16 nations. The addition of Amiga has expanded Beam s
presence into the European, Middle Eastern and African markets and increased our production, engineering, sales and product development
expertise. The EU has mandated a transition to zero emission vehicles by 2035 and they are heavily focused on green and sustainable energy.
An increase in electric vehicles adoptions will increase the demand for charging infrastructure. We believe that our sustainably energized
EV ARC TM and BeamSpot products can play a major role in the provision of EV charging infrastructure in Europe. 

On August 30, 2024, Beam acquired
Telcom d.o.o. Beograd Telcom ), a business located in Serbia and engaged in the manufacturing of power electronics and telecommunications
equipment. Telcom engineers and manufacturers specialized in power electronics including invertors, charge controllers, power supplies
and LED lighting. Telcom has electrical engineering, product development and manufacturing capabilities which Beam believes are ideally
suited to improve the Company s current and future products for the global market. Telcom has a well-respected and highly talented
team of electrical engineers, focused on power electronics and the integration of renewables and energy storage. Existing Telcom customers
include the region s largest telecommunications company as well as other corporate entities which we believe provide further opportunities
for cross selling the other products in our portfolio. 

25 

Our energy security business
is connected with the deployment of our EV charging and our Smart Cities infrastructure products and serves as an additional benefit and
value proposition for our charging products which, along with their integrated emergency power panels, can continue to operate, charge
EVs, and deliver emergency power during utility grid failures. The state-of-the-art storage batteries installed on our EV charging systems
are immune to grid failures and provide another benefit for customers such as municipalities, counties, states, the federal government,
hospitals, fire departments, large private enterprises with substantial facilities, and vehicle fleet operators. 

We are in development on our
newest patented products which include- BeamSpot , UAV ARC and others, which we expect will continue to expand our product
offerings leveraging the same proprietary technology as our current products and allow us to expand into new markets. Amiga is one of
Europe s largest manufacturers of streetlights and has a team of qualified structural, electrical and civil engineers who are experts
in the field of development and deployment of street lighting. They are working with our engineers in San Diego and Broadview to continually
improve the engineering and development of our new BeamSpot product. We believe that BeamSpot may become our largest selling
product when available for sale. BeamSpot is currently in the process of being installed and we received our first order for that
product within two months of it being launched. 

Our gross margin improved
as a percentage of sales, year over year, and was 10.7 in Q3 2024, up 9.0 from the gross margin reported in Q3 2023. Additionally, our
cost of goods sold included non-cash intellectual property amortization of 0.7 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 0.8 million
in 2023, related to the acquisition of All Cell in 2022. Excluding this non-cash expense results in a gross margin of 12.3 for the three
months ended September 30, 2024, up from 2.8 for the same period ending September 30, 2023. We implemented engineering design changes
to our EV ARC TM in Q4 2023 that resulted in cost reductions to our bill of materials. Our gross margin improvements were achieved
in spite of ongoing inflation and the high costs of many of our components, including steel, that began during the Covid pandemic. We
expect to see our costs of goods sold continue to decrease over time. We are implementing lean manufacturing process improvements and
making engineering changes to our products which we expect to result in cost reductions. We have observed that we are able to manufacture
certain elements of our products in Serbia and ship them to the U.S. less expensively than we can manufacture them in the U.S.; largely
because we are better equipped in Serbia and as a result can self-perform certain processes which we outsource in the U.S. We anticipate
further reductions in direct costs as a result of having our Serbian operations support our U.S. manufacturing. Many of the components
that we integrate into our products are manufactured by others. This is consistent with our strategy to take advantage of the investment
by large and well-funded organizations in the improvement, and reducing costs, of various components and sub-assemblies which we integrate
into our final product. We continue to identify components and sub-assemblies that may be more cost effective to outsource, which we believe
may further reduce our costs, increase our gross margins, and significantly increase the potential output from our factory. We expect
that the receipt of orders may be inconsistent quarter over quarter, however, we expect that in the long term, our revenues will grow
as we expand our product offerings and geographic reach and because we expect to see a significant increase in the demand for electric
vehicle charging infrastructure. As such we do not anticipate significant pricing pressure on our products. The increase in demand for
electric vehicle charging infrastructure and, we believe, over the long term, our revenues, combined with the cost cutting measures described
above, lead us to believe that we will continue to see improvement in our gross margins in the future. Beam Europe has the capability
to perform several activities which we outsource in the US. We believe that in combination with a generally less expensive operating environment
in Serbia, we will be able to produce our products in Europe less expensively than in the US, even as we continue to reduce our costs
in the US. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The financial statements
and related disclosures were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles which require us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates and assumptions on historical
experience and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, and we continually evaluate our
assumptions and modify as needed. To the extent there are material differences between our estimates and the actual results, our
future results of operations will be affected. There have been no changes since year end, refer back to the Company s Form 10-K for December 31, 2023. 

26 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the
Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Revenues. For the quarter
ended September 30, 2024, our revenues, though they were the second highest third quarter revenues in our history, decreased 30 to 11.5
million compared to 16.5 million for the same period in 2023. Revenues to federal customers decreased by 7.5 million in Q2 2024 compared
to the quarter ended September 30, 2023. During the first three months of 2024, revenues from California represented 21 of total revenues.
We recorded revenues of 3.5 million as a result of our acquisition of Amiga and 67 thousand as a result of our acquisition of Telcom,
demonstrating the positive contribution of our geographic expansions. Revenues derived from non-government commercial entities increased
by 80 for the three months from 2023 to 2024 and were 11 of total revenues. The receipt of orders may continue to be uneven due to the
timing of customer approvals or budget cycles, however, we believe that the diversification of our product offerings combined with our
geographic expansions, recent hires and as EV adoption increases, our business will be less impacted by specific variations in order timing. 

Gross Profit. For the
quarter ended September 30, 2024, our gross profit was 1.2 million, or 10.7 of sales, compared to a gross profit of 0.8 million or
1.7 of sales for the same period in 2023. The margin improved by 9 percentage points, primarily because we have implemented cost improvements
in late 2023 as a result of design changes to the EV ARC TM as well as operational improvements and positive margins generated
from the acquisition of Amiga. Additionally, 48.6 of ARC sales reflected the price increase implemented in 2024. Our gross profits included
a negative impact of 0.8 million for non-cash depreciation and intangible amortization. Our gross margin net of non-cash items was 17.6 .
We began to see some improvements in the reduction of material costs in late 2023, which we believe should continue to improve. Our engineering
and operations teams continue to identify further cost reductions and efficiencies which, along with support from our Serbian facilities,
we believe will improve our gross margins in future quarters. 

Operating Expenses. Total
operating expenses were a credit of 50 thousand, or (0.4 of revenues, for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.0 million,
or 24 of revenues, for the same quarter in the prior year. The 4.1 million decrease is mostly attributable to 6.1 million related to
the non-cash change in fair value of contingent consideration for the Amiga acquisition, offset by non-cash warrants amortization increase
of 0.2 million and stock compensation increase of 0.2 million, resulting in 1.7 million increase in operating expenses quarter over
quarter mainly related to 1.2 million for operating expenses for Beam Europe, 0.3 million in customer service accommodation costs, 0.1
million related to facility expansion and 0.1 million mainly for consulting for government relations and engineering. 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Revenues. For
the nine months ending September 30, 2024 our revenues, while they were the second highest nine month revenues in our history and higher
than any full year barring 2023, decreased 14 to 41.0 million compared to 47.3 million for the same period in 2023. Revenues to federal
customers decreased by 11.5 million in 2024. During the first nine months of 2024, revenues from California represented 25 of total
revenues. Revenues were diverse across federal, state and local governments, as well as enterprise and education sector customers. International
customers comprised 20 of the revenues through September 30, 2024, and were primarily from Beam Europe. Revenues derived from non-government
commercial entities increased by 136 for the nine months from 2023 to 2024 and were 30.5 of total revenues in 2024. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, the Company s sales to federal, state and local governments represented 69 of revenues. We continue to
invest in sales employees, diversifying our product portfolio and expanding our geographic footprint to reduce our reliance on single
large orders of our EV ARC product by federal agencies, although we believe that that opportunity still exists. The receipt of
orders may continue to be uneven due to the timing of customer approvals or budget cycles, however we believe that as EV adoption increases
and our new and existing products are brought to larger international audiences, our business will be less impacted by specific variations
in order timing. 

27 

Gross Profit. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our gross profit was 5.1 million, or 12 of sales, compared to a gross profit of 0.8 million,
or 2 of sales in the same period of 2023. The margin improved by 11 percentage points, compared to prior year. This is primarily a result
of cost improvements developed during 2023 which are now being recognized and the positive margins we are generating from the acquisition
of Amiga. Our gross profits were negatively impacted by 2.8 million for non-cash depreciation and intangible amortization. Our gross
margin net of non-cash items was 18.3 in 2024 and 3.1 in 2023. We began to see some improvements on material pricing in 2023, which
has continued to improve over time. We continue to make engineering changes and work with suppliers to improve our costs which, along
with support from our Serbian facilities, we believe will continue to improve our gross profit over time. 

Operating Expenses. Total
operating expenses were 11.6 million, or 28 of revenues, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 11.9 million, or
25 of revenues, for the same period in the prior year. When you remove the 4.5 million the non-cash decrease in fair value of contingent
consideration for the Amiga acquisition in 2024 and 0.3 million increase in fair value of contingent consideration for the All Cell acquisition
in 2023, the net change in fair value contingent consideration is 4.3 million offset by non-cash increases in warrants amortization expense
 0.3 million, stock compensation 0.3 million, bad debt allowance 0.4 million resulting in 3.3 million increase in operating expenses.
The increase is mainly related to 2.1 million for operating expenses for Beam Europe, 0.4 million for facility expansion, 0.3 million
commissions due to earned at time of customer payment, 0.3 million in customer accommodation service costs and 0.2 million related to
acquisition costs. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At September 30, 2024, we
had cash of 4.8 million, compared to cash of 10.4 million at December 31, 2023. We have historically met our cash needs through a combination
of debt and equity financing. Our cash requirements are generally for operating activities. 

Management believes the Company s present cash flows will enable
it to meet its obligations for twelve months from the date of these financial statements. Management will continue to assess its operational
needs and seek additional financing as needed to fund its operations. 

Our cash flows from operating,
investing and financing activities, as reflected in the statements of cash flows, are summarized in the table below: 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash provided by (used in): 

Net cash used in provided by operating activities 
 (3,052 
 (13,768 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (3,658 
 (881 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,218 
 27,726 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, our cash used in operating activities was 3.1 million compared to cash used of 13.8 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2023. Net loss of 6.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was decreased by 1.2) million of non-cash
expense items that included depreciation and amortization of 2.8 million, and employee stock-based compensation expense of 2.0 million
offset by decreases of 4.3) million for a change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities and 0.1 million provision on
credit losses. Cash used in operations included a 5.0 million decrease in accounts receivable as well as a 1.7 million decrease in accounts
payable primarily for inventory, 0.6 million decrease in operating lease liability and 0.5 million decrease in long term liabilities
offset by 0.4 million increase in inventory, 0.3 million increase in deferred revenue, and 0.2 million increase in accrued expenses. 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2023, our cash used in operating activities was 13.8 million compared to 15.7 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2022. Net loss of 11.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was increased by 3.2 million
of non-cash expense items that included depreciation and amortization of 1.1 million, common stock issued for services for director compensation
of 0.3 million, employee stock-based compensation expense of 1.3 million, change in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities
of 0.3 million and 0.3 million for stock compensation for non-employees. Further, cash used in operations included a 10.5 million increase
in accounts receivable due to the increase in revenues and the timing of customer payments, a 1.1 million increase in inventory and 0.6
million decrease in deferred revenue for customer deposits. Cash generated from operations included a 4.3 million increase in accounts
payable primarily for inventory, 1.4 million increase in accrued expenses, and 0.5 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current
assets. 

Cash used in investing activities
in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included 2.7 million reduction of deferred consideration for a cash payment for the Amiga
acquisition, 0.5 million used for the Telcom acquisition and 0.4 million for the purchase of equipment compared to 0.8 million purchased
in the same period in the prior year, primarily transportation equipment, a sleeving machine and an automated welder used in our battery
manufacturing and 0.1 million for patent costs. 

28 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, cash generated by our financing activities included 0.8 million for the exercise of warrants and 0.5 million in
proceeds from public offering issuance of common stock compared to 25.4 million in proceeds from the public offering issuance of
common stock, net of offering expenses, 2.1 million for shares sold through the Company s equity facility, 0.2 million for repayment
of note payable and 0.1 million from the exercise of warrants for the same period in the prior year. 

Current assets were 31.1
million on September 30, 2024, a decrease of 9.6 million at December 31, 2023, primarily due to decreases of 4.6 million in accounts
receivable, 5.5 million in cash, 0.3 million in prepaid expenses and other current assets, offset by an increase of 0.8 million in
inventory, 0.8 million in operating lease costs for Right of Use assets and 0.8 million in Goodwill related to the Telcom acquisition.
Current liabilities decreased to 13.3 million at September 30, 2024 from 16.9 million at December 31, 2023, primarily due to a 2.7
million decrease in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities and 1.4 million decrease in accounts payable offset by 0.2
million in operating lease liabilities and. As a result, our working capital decreased to 17.9 million at September 30, 2024 compared
to 23.8 million at December 31, 2023. 

The Company has been focused
on product development, geographic expansion and on marketing and sales efforts to increase our revenues. Revenues increased annually
by 45 from 2020 to 2021, 144 from 2021 to 2022, and 206 from 2022 to 2023 demonstrating that this investment has been successful. Improvements
to gross profitability have been made despite the recent inflationary period. As revenues increase in the future, we expect to continue
to see our fixed overhead costs spread over more units, which will reduce the cost per unit. Our engineering and operations teams have
made several design changes and process improvements in our product development and manufacturing operations which have helped to increase
labor efficiency and reduce material costs. In addition, the Company increased pricing in Q3 of 2023 for the first time to cover some
of the inflationary cost increases, which we are beginning to benefit from as new orders are received and are shipped. Our Serbian operations
are also able to contribute to further cost reductions to produce our products both in Europe and the U.S. 

On March 22, 2023, the Company
entered into that certain Supply Chain Line of Credit with OCI Limited OCI ), whereby OCI may provide a supply chain line
of credit in the amount of up to 100 million based on the amounts of approved accounts receivable of the Company (the Credit Facility ).
In order to request a drawdown on the Credit Facility, the Company is required to submit a transaction request to OCI which sets forth
the terms of the applicable account receivables, including but not limited to the name of the party responsible for the applicable account
receivables (the Obligor ), the terms of repayment and the amount of such receivables. The Company has no obligation to submit
a drawdown request and OCI is not obligated to accept any drawdown request from the Company. In the event OCI accepts a drawdown request
of the Company and upon satisfaction of certain conditions required by OCI to issue the drawdown, OCI will disburse funds to the Company
for such drawdown in an amount equal to the full value of the applicable account receivables assigned to OCI minus any transaction expenses
incurred by OCI and the full amount of interest to be incurred for such receivables over the term of the drawdown. The Company will pay
interest on any drawdown at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate +300 basis points. Upon the disbursement of funds to the Company for
a drawdown, the Company will assign all rights to such account receivables of the Obligor to OCI. The Company will act as a collection
agent on any account receivable assigned to OCI and agrees to establish a designated bank account for the purpose of collecting payment
on any applicable account receivables that are assigned to OCI. In the event (i) the Company is in material breach of the Credit Facility,
(ii) the Company or the Obligor is insolvent or is subject to reorganization or liquidation, or (iii) any dispute related to an agreement
with an Obligor or non-payment by an Obligor, OCI has the right to exercise any contractual rights it may have against Obligor, increase
the interest rate to the agreed upon default interest rate, and demand immediate repayment by the Company for the outstanding amounts
owed under such account receivables. The Company has also agreed to indemnify OCI for any losses incurred by OCI in connection with the
Credit Facility. Either party may terminate the Credit Facility at any time by providing fifteen (15) days prior written notice to the
other party. To date, Beam Global has not drawn on this line of credit. 

The Company may be required
to raise capital until it achieves positive cash flow from its business, which is predicated on increasing sales volumes and the continuation
of production cost reduction measures. In addition, we could pursue other equity or debt financing. The proceeds from these offerings
are expected to provide working capital to fund business operations and the development of new products. Management cannot currently predict
when or if it will achieve positive cash flow. There is no guarantee that profitable operations will be achieved, or that additional capital
or debt financing will be available on a timely basis, on favorable terms, or at all, and such funding, if raised, may not be sufficient
to meet our obligations or enable us to continue to implement our long-term business strategy. In addition, obtaining additional
funding or entering into other strategic transactions could result in significant dilution to our stockholders. 

29 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources, that are material to investors. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not Applicable 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).
The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be
no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote.
All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

During the period covered
by this filing, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal controls over financial reporting.
Based upon our evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024 due to the material weaknesses in our internal
controls over financial reporting described below. In light of this fact, our management has performed additional analyses, reconciliations
and other post-closing procedures and has concluded that, notwithstanding the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting, the consolidated financial statements for the periods covered by and included in this Quarterly Report fairly present, in all
material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles. 

The following material weaknesses
existed as of December 31, 2023: 

Material weaknesses: 

During Q4 2023, the Company implemented NetSuite ERP system to automate operations and accounting for the San Diego and Broadview locations. We did not implement program change management and user access controls to ensure that: 

a. 
 IT program and data changes affecting the Company s financial IT applications underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized, and implemented appropriately, and 

b. 
 Appropriate segregation of duties that would adequately restrict user access and ensure adequate review of transactions. 

Because we are a small company, many employees have multiple job responsibilities, and during the implementation in Q4, access was allowed for employees to access necessary tasks. As we move forward into 2024, we will assign access to ensure the proper segregation of duties. Additionally, we need to ensure the employees are adequately trained and able to resolve issues timely. The Company needs to establish appropriate procedures for change management to ensure changes to the system are formally approved, properly restricted to appropriate personnel, and adequately tested. 

30 

In our review, we noted that the Company did not implement adequate controls relating to documentation of the review and approval of reconciliations and other schedules prepared internally to be included or disclosed in the financial statements. Many of our reports and reconciliations are performed in Excel spreadsheets, and we did not adequately validate the segregation of duties between the preparer and the approver with a signature and time stamp. NetSuite has many robust internal control features that can be configured and utilized to ensure workflow approvals are adhered to and integrated into documentation. 

Since these controls have
a pervasive effect across the inventory transaction cycle, management has determined that these circumstances constitute a material weakness,
based on the criteria established in the Internal Integrated Framework issued by COSO in 2013 and as a result, we did not
maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The Company is continuing
to actively work to remediate the material weaknesses described above, including the need for additional remediation steps and implementing
additional measures to remediate the underlying causes that give rise to the material weaknesses. During the three months ended September
30, 2024, the Company has taken various actions to strengthen our internal control over financial reporting, including: 

Continue to review access in NetSuite ERP to ensure the proper segregation of duties and additional training courses to ensure the employees are trained and able to resolve issues timely. 

Managed processes related to ordering, counting, warehousing, valuing and transacting our inventory in NetSuite ERP. 

Increasing and monitoring the adequacy of staffing levels and expertise with the requisite technical knowledge and skills to support continued enhancement on the controls and procedures surrounding documentation of review and formalization of reconciliations, accounting policies and controls. 

Continue to manage a segregation of duties between the preparer and the approver of reconciliation and supporting schedules which included hiring additional staff. 

The material weaknesses will
be considered remediated when management concludes that, through testing, the applicable remedial controls are designed, implemented and
operating effectively. As management continues to evaluate and improve disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting, the Company may decide to take additional measures to address control deficiencies or determine to modify, or in appropriate
circumstances not to complete, certain of the remediation measures identified. 

31 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

The Company may from time
to time become party to actions, claims, suits, investigations or proceedings arising from the ordinary course of our business, including
actions with respect to intellectual property claims, breach of contract claims, labor and employment claims and other matters. Any litigation
could divert management time and attention from the Company, could involve significant amounts of legal fees and other fees and expenses,
or could result in an adverse outcome having a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.
Actions, claims, suits, investigations and proceedings are inherently uncertain, and their results cannot be predicted with certainty.
We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings that we believe are, individually or in the aggregate, material to our business,
results of operations or financial condition. However, regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because
of associated cost and diversion of management time. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

In addition to the other information
set forth in this Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, liquidity
or future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and
uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition, liquidity or future results. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

The Company and Kathy McDermott,
the Company s former Chief Financial Officer, entered into a consulting agreement effective November 11, 2024, whereby Ms. McDermott
will consult with the Company related to the Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) implementation in Serbia. The Company will pay Ms. McDermott
 225 per hour for her consulting services. The consulting agreement will terminate on December 31, 2024 and may be extended by mutual
agreement of the Company and Ms. McDermott. Pursuant to the consulting agreement, the Company granted to Ms. McDermott common stock under
the Company s equity incentive plan issued for payment of Ms. McDermott s bonus of 300,000 earned by her for her services
as the Company s former Chief Financial Officer. 

During the quarter ended September
30, 2024, no director or officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as
each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

32 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 SB-2 
 
 333-147104 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/2/2007 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated December 23, 2016 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-226040 
 
 3.1.2 
 
 4/4/2019 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Change to Articles of Incorporation dated April 11, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 3.1 
 
 4/18/2019 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated September 14, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 3.1 
 
 9/14/2020 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated July 20, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 3.1 
 
 7/20/2021 

3.6 
 
 Bylaws of Registrant 
 
 SB-2 
 
 333-147104 
 
 3.2 
 
 11/2/2007 

3.7 
 
 Amendment to Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/16/2014 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement dated February 1, 2024 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/28/2024 

10.2 
 
 Amendment to Share Sale and Purchase Agreement dated February 16, 2024 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/16/2024 

10.3 
 
 Consulting agreement with Kathy McDermott 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Labels Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 The cover page to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q has been formatted in Inline XBRL 

X 

Represents a compensatory plan or arrangement 

33 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: November 14 , 2024 
 Beam Global 

By: /s/ Desmond Wheatley 

Desmond Wheatley, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: /s/ Lisa A. Potok 

Lisa A. Potok, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

34 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 beam_ex1003.htm
 CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.3 

BEAM GLOBAL 

 CONSULTING AGREEMENT 

THIS CONSULTING AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made
effective as of November 11, 2024, (the Effective Date by and between, Beam Global with principal place of business located
at 5660 Eastgate Dr, San Diego, CA, 92121 (the Client and Katherine McDermott located at 7428 Las Lunas, San Diego, CA
92127 (the Consultant ). The Client and the Consultant are also hereinafter referred to as the Party or Parties . 

WHEREAS, Client is a supplier of clean technology solutions
and desires to engage Consultant to provide the Services (as defined below); and 

WHEREAS, Consultant has relevant expertise, contacts and
knowledge of Client s business and financial information and is available to provide professional financial services to support
the Client. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants
and promises contained in this Agreement, the Parties agree as follows: 

1. TERM AND SCOPE: 

1.1 This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall remain in full force through December 31,
2024. Provided that this Agreement has not been terminated pursuant to Section 7 or otherwise, the Initial Term may be extended based
on agreement by both parties. The Initial Term and any subsequent renewals shall collectively be referred to as the Term . 

1.2 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Client hereby retains Consultant as a consultant to the Client to provide
financial services (the Services and Consultant agrees, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to render
such Services during the Term of this Agreement. The Consultant shall always use its best efforts in providing such Services. The
Consultant shall create and deliver any deliverables or work products associated with the Services in a format and at a time reasonably
acceptable to the Client and consistent with the provision of the Services. The Consultant will report to Client s CEO or CFO, or
such other individual(s) or department(s) as may be designated by the Client from time to time. 

1.3 Consultant shall provide Client, on a weekly basis, an update of activities, milestones, requirements and other information relevant
to the furtherance of the Services. Consultant shall not approach organizations or entities or otherwise perform Services under this Agreement
without the prior written permission of the Client. 

1.4 The Consultant shall regularly report to the Client regarding its efforts on Client s behalf. 

1.5 The Consultant shall provide all of its own equipment, tools, and office space necessary to perform the Services under this Agreement.
Client may provide limited resources including a laptop and access to the Company s systems, if needed. 

1.6 Throughout the Term of this Agreement, the Consultant agrees to devote its best efforts to performing the Services with diligence
and care on behalf of the Client. The Parties each individually represent and acknowledge that the performance of the Services under this
Agreement does not conflict with any duties or obligations that such Party may have to any third party and does not violate any other
agreement to which such Party is already a party. Each Party shall indemnify and hold harmless the other Party, its employees, directors,
agents and assigns against any claims, liability, loss, cost, actions or demands (including without limitation reasonable attorney fees)
arising out of or relating to any conflict or violation of any third-party agreement by such Party. 

1 

1.7 The Parties each individually represent and warrant that any and all information, code, programs, processes, practices or techniques
which such Party will describe, demonstrate, divulge, use, or in any other manner make known to the other Party during the performance
of Services (collectively, the Property may be divulged and freely used by such divulging Party, without any obligation to,
or violation of, any right of others, and without violation of any law or payment of any royalty. 

1.8 Throughout the Term of this Agreement, the Consultant and its directors, officers, representatives, agents and employees shall comply
with all federal, state, local, foreign and/or international laws and regulations applicable to the Consultant s business, including
but not limited to any state and federal security laws and regulations, and its performance of its obligations under this Agreement. 

2. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES: 

2.1 It is understood and agreed that Consultant will act under this Agreement as an independent contractor and that nothing in this Agreement
or the nature of any services rendered in connection herewith shall be deemed to create an agency relationship between Consultant and
the Client. Consultant has no authority to, and agrees not to, assume or create any obligation or liability, express or implied, on the
Client s behalf, or to bind the Client in any manner or to anything whatsoever. The Consultant represents and warrants that it will
not make any warranties or representations regarding the Client or Client s products or services except as expressly stated in this
Agreement or as otherwise may be authorized in writing by Client from time to time. 

2.2 Payments made to Consultant hereunder may be subject to applicable federal, state, and local tax withholding laws. The Client makes
no representations regarding the tax implications of the compensation provided for in this Agreement. The Client advises Consultant to
consult with a tax professional and/or its attorney regarding such implications and the Consultant s responsibilities regarding
fulfillment of its taxation obligations. Consultant specifically acknowledges and agrees that: (i) Consultant shall be liable for all
taxes assessed by any federal, state, or local authorities with respect to the compensation provided herein; and (ii) that to the extent
required by law the Client is authorized to withhold such taxes from compensation due Consultant hereunder. 

3. COMPENSATION, INVOICING AND PAYMENT: 

3.1 In consideration for the Services to be provided by Consultant to Client,
Consultant will bill for services on an hourly basis at a rate of 225 per hour. Consultant will submit invoices on a bi-weekly basis.
Payment shall be made within 15 days. In addition to the above cash compensation, in connection with entering into this Agreement, Client
agrees to issue Consultant shares of Client s common stock in an amount equal to 300,000 which will be payable as follows: commencing
on Monday, November 11, 2024 such number of shares of Client s common stock in an amount equal to by 300,000 divided by the closing
price of Client s common stock on the preceding trading day. Consultant agrees and acknowledges that the shares of common stock
being issued to Consultant are in lieu of a cash bonus of 300,000 that was payable to Consultant in 2024. 

3.2 Aside from that compensation specifically described in this Section 3, no
other compensation of any kind shall be due or payable to Consultant by the Client for any Services rendered hereunder. 

2 

4. CONFIDENTIALITY; INSIDER TRADING: 

Client and Consultant are parties to a certain Mutual Confidentiality
Agreement dated December 29, 2023 attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Confidentiality Agreement ). The terms
and provisions of such Confidentiality Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in the Confidentiality Agreement, the Consultant will not publish, disclose to third parties, utilize for the
Consultant s own benefit, or otherwise make use of any of the Client s (or Client s customers) trade secrets or other
confidential information concerning the Client or its customers, except with the prior written consent of the Client (and/or Client s
customer, as applicable). For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information shall have the meaning prescribed in
the Confidentiality Agreement and shall include, without limitation, any financial or accounting information regarding the business of
the Client that has not been publicly reported or released, including information regarding revenues, anticipated revenues, expenses and
costs, profit margins and cash flow, information regarding the Client s customers, the Client s business plans and strategies,
forecasts and projections, pricing information, customer proposals and contracts, employee information and any other information developed,
in the possession of or owned by the Client that the Client does not disclose publicly. 

Consultant acknowledges that it is aware that the United
States securities laws prohibit any person who has material, non-public information concerning Client from purchasing or selling securities
of Client or from communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such
person is likely to purchase or sell such securities. Consultant agrees that it will not violate any provisions of this paragraph or the
United States securities laws or the analogous laws of any state or foreign government. 

5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND WORK PRODUCT: 

5.1 All work performed by the Consultant for the Client under this Agreement
is in the nature of work for hire . Consultant expressly agrees that all data, electronic or paper documents, models, programs,
methods, inventions, innovations, reports or other work product of any kind and all works based upon, derived from, or incorporating the
foregoing which have been, or will be, prepared by the Consultant within the scope of the consulting services provided hereunder, including
any contribution (whether individual or collaborative) to such materials created by the Consultant in the course of providing the Services
(collectively Innovations shall be deemed works for hire and shall be the sole and exclusive property of
the Client. Innovations shall also include any work product incorporating, utilizing or based-upon any of the Client s
confidential information. The Consultant hereby irrevocably assigns and/or agrees to irrevocably assign to the Client, its successors
and assigns, any and all of its right, title and interest in and to any and all Innovations and to any copyright, trademark, patent applications
or Letters Patent thereon developed for and during the performance of the Services for the Client. The Consultant agrees to execute whatever
documents may be reasonably necessary at the Client s request, and without further compensation, in order to assign the rights in
any such Innovations to the Client. Notwithstanding the foregoing and those confidentiality requirements set forth above, nothing in this
clause shall affect the Consultant s rights to any data, electronic or paper documents, models, programs, methods, inventions, innovations,
reports or other work product, independently developed by the Consultant while not engaged in or for the performance of the Services,
whether during, before or after the term of this agreement. 

5.2 The Consultant agrees to promptly turn over to the Client, immediately upon
the expiration or termination of this Agreement, all notes, reports, data and other work product containing Confidential Information of
the Client or the Client s customers and/or produced in connection with any work performed under this Agreement (and all copies
thereof), whether in paper or electronic form that the Consultant has in its possession upon the written request of the Client. Following
termination or expiration of this Agreement, Consultant shall neither make nor retain any copies (whether in paper, electronic or other
format) of any property or work product belonging to the Client or containing Confidential Information relating to the Client or Client s
customers. Each Party s property and contacts before the signing of this Agreement shall remain their property and contacts after
the expiration or termination of this Agreement. Any property and/or contacts jointly developed during the course of this Agreement shall
be the sole and exclusive property of the Client. 

3 

6. NON-SOLICITATION, NON-DEFAMATION: 

Consultant agrees that while this Agreement is in effect
and for a period of two years thereafter, Consultant will not for itself or any third party, directly or indirectly divert or attempt
to divert from the Client (or any affiliate of it that might be formed) any business of any kind in which the Client is engaged including,
without limitation, the solicitation of or interference with any of Client s customers, clients, vendors, contractors or employees
to terminate its business relationship with Client. During the term of this Agreement and for one (1) year thereafter, Consultant will
not encourage or solicit any employee, independent contractor or contractor of the Client (or any of its affiliates) to leave Client for
any reason. The Parties agree that they will not make or disseminate any defamatory comments or communications about the other Party. 

7. TERMINATION: 

7.1 Client may terminate this Agreement at any time in the event of a breach
of this Agreement by Consultant by providing at least ten (10) calendar day s written notice to Consultant. 

7.2 In the event of termination, neither Party shall be discharged for any antecedent
obligations or liabilities to the other Party under this Agreement, unless otherwise agreed in writing. On and after termination or expiration
of this Agreement, whether pursuant to the provisions of this Section 7, Section 1.1 or otherwise, Consultant shall immediately cease
performance of all Services and inform Client of any and all contacts and/or other relevant data, information or processes that Consultant
was pursuing at the time of termination or expiration. 

8. GENERAL PROVISIONS: 

8.1 This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without
regard to conflicts of laws principles. Each party irrevocably consents to the personal jurisdiction of federal and state courts located
in San Diego, California, as applicable, for any matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement. No provision in this Agreement is
to be interpreted against such party because that party drafted such provision. In the event of any action or proceeding arising out of
the subject matter hereof, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs.

8.2 If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of law to be illegal,
invalid or unenforceable, (a) that provision shall be deemed amended to achieve as nearly as possible the same economic effect as the
original provision, and (b) the legality, validity enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected
or impaired thereby. 

8.3 The parties acknowledge and agree that the performance of the Services hereunder
by the Consultant constitutes personal services that may not be assigned or delegated to a third party without the written consent of
the Client. The Consultant shall not subcontract or assign the performance of any portion of the Services without the Client s prior
written consent. Any purported subcontract or agreement not approved by the Client shall be void. The Consultant hereby agrees that the
Client may assign this Agreement to its designated representatives or affiliates. 

8.4 Waiver by the Parties of any default hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver
of any other default. No provision of this Agreement shall be deemed waived, amended or modified by either party, unless such waiver,
amendment or modification is in writing and signed by the authorized representative of each party. 

4 

8.5 The Parties acknowledge that because of the unique nature of any Innovations
and the confidential information that may be revealed during the performance of the Services under this Agreement, the Client would suffer
irreparable harm if the Consultant failed to comply with any of its obligations under Sections 5 through 7 of this Agreement, and monetary
damages would be inadequate to fully compensate the harmed Party. The Parties shall, in addition to any other remedies available at law
or in equity, be entitled to injunctive relief to enforce the terms of Sections 5 through 7 of this Agreement. 

8.6 This Agreement, together with all Exhibits and other documents attached hereto,
constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or
written agreements concerning the subject matter hereof. 

8.7 All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications
required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited
in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with
charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery or email, addressed as set forth below each Party s signature or to such other
address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to
be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by email, with accurate confirmation generated by the
transmitting email account, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where
such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal
business hours where such notice is to be received) (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service,
fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur or (c) if given by email,
upon receipt by the sending party of an email from the receiving party confirming receipt 

8.8 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different
signatories hereto on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall
constitute but one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile signature and delivered by electronic transmission. 

NO PROMISES OR REPRESENTATIONS HAVE
BEEN MADE TO INDUCE EITHER PARTY TO SIGN THIS AGREEMENT. THE PARTIES SIGN THIS AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY AND FREELY. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto execute the Agreement on the
date and year written below. 

CONSULTANT 
 
 CLIENT 
 
 Katherine McDermott 
 
 Beam Global 
 
 7428 Las Lunas 
 
 5660 Eastgate Dr. 
 
 San Diego, CA 92127 
 
 San Diego, CA 92121 
 
 949-939-0615 
 
 858 799 4583 

By: 
 /s/ Katherine McDermott 
 Date: 11/11/24 
 
 By: 
 Date: 

Print Name: Katherine McDermott 
 Lisa A. Potok 

Chief Financial Officer 

5 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 beam_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Desmond Wheatley, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Beam Global; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14 ,
2024 

/s/ Desmond Wheatley 

Desmond Wheatley, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 beam_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Lisa A. Potok, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Beam Global; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14 ,
2024 

/s/ Lisa A. Potok 

Lisa A. Potok 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 beam_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of Beam Global (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 (the Report I,
Desmond Wheatley, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Desmond Wheatley 
 Date: November 14 , 2024 
 
 Desmond Wheatley 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies
the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 beam_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of Beam Global (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 (the Report I,
Lisa A. Potok, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Lisa A. Potok 
 Date: November 14 , 2024 
 
 Lisa A. Potok 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

This certification accompanies
the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 beem-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 beem-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 beem-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 beem-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

