<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241204_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1843656_0001477932-24-007839.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5216382</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71409</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>903726</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1215817</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1187152</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1698422</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007839.hdr.sgml : 20241204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241204163656
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007839
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Royalty Management Holding Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001843656
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40233
		FILM NUMBER:		241526668

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12115 VISIONARY WAY SUITE 174
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3173185737

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12115 VISIONARY WAY SUITE 174
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46038

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Acquisition Opportunity Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007839.txt : 20241204

10-Q/A
 1
 rmco_10qa.htm
 10-Q/A

rmco_10qa.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM Amendment No. 1 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _________ to _________ Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) American Acquisition Opportunity Inc. (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Non-accelerated Filer If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Trading Name of each exchange on which Title of each class Symbol(s) registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC As of December 4, 2024, shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share were issued and outstanding. EXPLANATORY NOTE 2 ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION FORM 10-Q TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I Financial Information Item 1. Interim Financial Statements Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operation (Unaudited) 7 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 8 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 9 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 10 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 34 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 34 Part II Other Information Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 35 Item 6. Exhibits 36 Part III Signatures 37 3 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, plans and prospects, existing and prospective products, research and development costs, timing and likelihood of success, and plans and objectives of management for future operations and results, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report and are subject to a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including the risks, uncertainties and assumptions described in the section titled Risk Factors in the final prospectus, dated October 26, 2023 (the Prospectus ), and as further updated in this Report under Part II. Item 1A. Risk Factors, and in our other filings with the SEC, that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 4 Table of Contents These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks, including, without limitation, the following: expectations regarding Royalty s strategies and future financial performance, including its future business plans or objectives, prospective performance and opportunities and competitors, revenues, products and services, pricing, operating expenses, market trends, liquidity, cash flows and uses of cash, capital expenditures, and Royalty s ability to invest in growth initiatives and pursue acquisition opportunities; limited liquidity and trading of Royalty s securities; geopolitical risk and changes in applicable laws or regulations; the possibility that Royalty may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; operational risk; risk that a health crisis and/or pandemic, and local, state, and federal responses to addressing the pandemic may have an adverse effect on our business operations, as well as our financial condition and results of operations; cybersecurity risk; and litigation and regulatory enforcement risks, including the diversion of management time and attention and the additional costs and demands on Royalty s resources. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified and some of which are beyond our control, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this prospectus will prove to be accurate. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances, or otherwise. You should read this Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Where You Can Find More Information All reports we file with the SEC are available for download free of charge via the Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval (EDGAR) System on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. We also make electronic copies of our reports available for download, free of charge, through our website at https://www.royaltymgmtcorp.com/ as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material with the SEC. Information contained on our website is not part of this Report. 5 Table of Contents ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS UNAUDITED June 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Cash and Cash Equivalents Accounts Receivable Prepaid Insurance Interest Receivable Fee Income Receivable Rental Income Receivable Total Current Assets Investments in Corporations and LLCs Convertible Notes Receivable Notes Receivable Intangible Assets, Net Restricted Cash Tools, Machinery Equipment, Net Operating Lease Right-Of-Use Assets, Net TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY LIABILITIES Accounts Payable Related Party Accounts Payable Current Portion of Operating Lease Liabilities Current Portion of Notes Payable Deferred Income Accrued Expenses Total Current Liabilities Notes Payable Related Party, Net Operating Lease Liabilities Notes Payable, Net of Current Portion Fair Value Liability of Public Warrants Fair Value Liability of Private Warrants TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 15) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred Stock: 0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized, 0 shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Common Stock: par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of both June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY The accompanying footnotes are integral to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS UNAUDITED For the three months ended June 30, 2024 For the three months ended June 30, 2023 For the six months ended June 30, 2024 For the six months ended June 30, 2023 Environmental Services Fee Income Rental Income TOTAL REVENUE Cost of Revenue GROSS PROFIT Intangibles Amortization Expense Depreciation Expense General and Administrative Expenses Professional Fees Total Operating Expenses NET LOSS FROM OPERATIONS OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Interest Income Income (Loss) from Investment Gain on Warrant Fair Value Adjustment Interest Expense Total Other Income (Expense) NET (LOSS) INCOME Weighted Average Shares Outstanding, Basic and Diluted Basic and Diluted Net Income Per Ordinary Share The accompanying footnotes are integral to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 7 Table of Contents ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY UNAUDITED Additional Retained Earnings Total Common Stock Paid-In (Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit) Equity Balance December 31, 2022 Shares Issued for Services Net Loss Balance March 31, 2023 Warrants Issued with Convertible Notes Net Loss Balance June 30, 2023 Balance December 31, 2023 Shares Issued for Purchase of Debt Net Income Balance March 31, 2024 Shares Issued for Purchase of Debt Share Buyback Net Loss Balance June 30, 2024 The accompanying footnotes are integral to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 8 Table of Contents ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS UNAUDITED For the six months ending June 30, For the six months ending June 30, Cash flows from Operating Activities: 2024 2023 Net Income (Loss) Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Net Cash Used in Operations Amortization of Debt Discount Amortization Expense of Right-of-Use Assets Amortization of Intangibles Depreciation Expense Issuance of Common Shares for Service Fair Value Adjustment of Public Warrants Fair Value Adjustment of Private Warrants Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: Accounts Receivable Prepaid Insurance Interest Receivable Fee Income Receivable Rental Income Receivable Accounts Payable Accrued Expenses Net Cash Used in Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Investments in Corporations and LLCs Withdrawal from Corporations and LLCs Investments in Convertible Notes Receivable Investments in Notes Receivable Net Cash Used in Investing Activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Shares Buyback Proceeds from Notes Payable Payments on Notes Payable Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Net Change in Cash Cash Beginning of Period Cash End of Period Supplemental Information Acquisition of Right-of-Use Assets for Lease Obligations Shares Issued in Purchase of Debt Cash Paid for Interest Cash Paid for Taxes The accompanying footnotes are integral to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 9 Table of Contents ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNAUDITED Use of Estimates 10 Table of Contents NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) Related Party Policies Cash Equivalents and Concentration of Cash Balance . As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. Restricted Cash and , respectively, in restricted cash that is at deposit with the Kentucky State Treasurer that serves as a performance bond required for a mining permit held by McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC. The following table sets forth a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported in the condensed consolidated balance for the periods ended June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Restricted Cash Total Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash Allowance for Credit Losses for both periods. 11 Table of Contents NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) per share. Amortization expense of the debt discount for the convertible debt was and , which was included in interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three-months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense of the debt discount for the convertible debt was and , which was included in interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the six-months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Revenue Recognition is recorded at both periods ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. This deferred revenue consists of an agreement with McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC McCoy ). None of this deferred revenue was recognized during the three or six months ended September 30, 2024. It is expected that this will be recorded in the fourth quarter of 2024. The following table disaggregates our revenue by major service line for the three months ended: Fee Income Rental Income Total Revenue Investment Income Notes Receivable Interest Income Income (Loss) from Investment Total Investment Income The following table disaggregates our revenue by major service line for the six months ended: Fee Income Rental Income Total Revenue Investment Income Notes Receivable Interest Income Income (Loss) from Investment Total Investment Income 12 Table of Contents NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) Warrant Liability 13 Table of Contents NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) . The Company has evaluated its income tax positions and has determined that it does not have any uncertain tax positions. As of the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, the Company recognized interest and penalties related to any uncertain tax positions through its income tax expense. The Company accounts for income taxes with the recognition of estimated income taxes payable or refundable on income tax returns for the current period and for the estimated future tax effect attributable to temporary differences and carry forwards. Measurement of deferred income items is based on enacted tax laws including tax rates, with the measurement of deferred income tax assets being reduced by available tax benefits not expected to be realized in the immediate future. The Company expects to file U.S. federal and various state income tax returns. The Company was formed in 2021 and has filed all required tax returns. All tax periods since inception remain open to examination by the taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. The provision for income taxes was deemed to be de minimis for the three and six month periods ending June 30, 2024 and 2023. 14 Table of Contents NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) Reclassification of Prior Year Presentation 15 Table of Contents Ferrox Holdings Ltd. Total Investments in Corporations and LLCs FUB Mineral LLC On October 1, 2021, the Company made an investment into FUB Mineral LLC (FUB) in the amount of in exchange 38.45 of the membership interest. As such, the investment in FUB will be accounted for using the equity method of accounting. On February 1, 2022, the Company invested an additional into FUB through the purchase of debt held in that entity, resulting in the current Company s ownership of of FUB. The Company recorded passthrough income of and loss of , for the three-month periods ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recorded passthrough income of and loss of , for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Ferrox Holdings Ltd. On December 23, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Maxpro Invest Holdings Inc. ("Maxpro") to purchase from Maxpro the sum of Class A Common Stock of Ferrox Holdings Ltd. Ferrox that was owned by Maxpro. RMC has a 9.9 ownership interest in Ferrox. As such, the investment in Ferrox will be accounted for using the cost method of accounting. The consideration paid to Maxpro for those shares was the sum of shares of common stock of the Company. Ferrox Holdings Ltd Advanced Magnetic Lab, Inc. Total Convertible Notes Receivable Heart Water Inc. On December 2, 2022, the Company advanced to Heart Water Inc. (HW) in exchange for an Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note issued to the Company. The Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note carries an annual interest rate and is unsecured and has no guarantees. The HW Convertible Promissory Note converts into HW common stock at a price equal to 80 of the price per share paid by the investors in the next round of HW financing. The maturity date of the HW Convertible Promissory Notes is October 6, 2028. Concurrently, the Company and HW entered into an agreement whereby the Company has the ability to invest in certain development projects of HW in exchange for a per-gallon of water payment from the water that is captured and sold from the project. An additional was advanced in exchange for Convertible Promissory Notes during 2023. Ferrox Holdings Ltd. In March 2022 and September 2022, the Company made a series of investments totaling into convertible debt of Ferrox. The convertible debt holds a annual interest rate, compounded annually, and is convertible into common stock of Ferrox at per share. The convertible debt is unsecured and has no guarantees. As part of its investment in the convertible debt of Ferrox, the Company also received an additional common shares of Ferrox at the time of investment. 16 Table of Contents NOTE 4 CONVERTIBLE NOTES RECEIVABLE (cont.) . Additional Convertible Promissory Notes were subsequently issued by AML to the Company in the amount of each on February 21, 2023, March 20, 2023, and May 5, 2023. Additional Convertible Promissory Notes were issued in the amount of each on March 20, 2024 and June 11, 2024. The Convertible Promissory Notes carry a annual interest rate, compounded monthly, and has the ability to convert into common stock of AML at a rate of per share, or repaid at maturity, which is twenty-four months after issuance. The Convertible Promissory Notes are unsecured and have no guarantees. . American Resources Corporation Note T. R. Mining Equipment Ltd. Total Notes Receivable McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC On May 20, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to fund the development of a series of coal mines located in Pike County, Kentucky in exchange for a promissory note to repay the Company its capital invested, plus interest, and then an ongoing overriding royalty from coal sold from the mines. plus interest of has been funded by the Company under this contract thus far. The operator of the property is a related entity and is described more in Note 12, Related Party Transactions. American Resources Corporation On July 31, 2022, the Company purchased certain payments that are owed to Texas Tech University TTU from American Resources Corporation for the agreement to participate in sponsored research services performed by TTU and agreed to assume responsibility for those payments. The payments that were due to TTU amounted to and the Company has since paid of that amount so far on behalf of American Resources Corporation. A note payable between the Company and American Resources Corporation was created to reflect the assumption by the Company of these payments and the note pays interest of interest rate, compounded quarterly, and matures on . There are no collateral or guarantees. The operator of the technology is a related entity and is described more in Note 12, Related Party Transactions. T. R. Mining Equipment Ltd. On February 2, 2024, February 29, 2024, April 4, 2024, May 7, 2024, and June 14, 2024, the Company invested the amount of each into T.R. Mining Equipment Ltd. in the form of Promissory Notes and a royalty payable to the Company on all products and materials sold from the permit over the life of the permitted resource. The Promissory Notes hold a annual interest rate, compounded monthly, and matures on . The Royalty Agreement provides the Company with a perpetual royalty of of all sales of ores that are mined and sold from the permitted resource. The operator is a related entity and is described more in Note 12, Related Party Transactions. 17 Table of Contents MC Mining Coking Coal Leasing LLC RMC Environmental Services LLC Less: Accumulated Amortization Total Intangible Assets Amortization Expense Intangibles was and for the three-month periods ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. It was and for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 18 Table of Contents NOTE 6 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (cont.) LBX Tokens. The Company purchased the LBX Tokens for the consideration of of Round A Convertible Debt and Warrant A-2 issued to an affiliated party. The token issuance process is undertaken by a related party, Land Betterment Corporation, and is predicated on proactive environmental stewardship and regulatory bond releases. As of June 30, 2022, there is no market for the LBX Token and therefore the purchase price of per token has been assigned for fair value. The consideration issued for the tokens was in the form of a convertible note. Due to the lack of market or independent market level transactions, the value assigned to the LBX Token of as of June 30, 2024. The intangible will be treated as an indefinite lived asset. Pursuant to ASC 350-30-35-20, Intangibles Goodwill and Other subsequent re-evaluation of the assigned value is not permitted. However, this does not prohibit the Company from recognizing effects of future transactions of the LBX token should they occur. Mining Permit Package On January 3, 2022, . The intangible will be amortized over its initial year contract period. MC Mining On April 1, 2022, the Company purchased the rights to receive rental income from property located in Pike County, Kentucky. The rental income is per month and the consideration paid by the Company to the seller was a total of , which represents in cash to be paid to the seller in the form of 80 of the monthly rental income until the cash consideration is paid in full, plus the issuance of worth of shares of the Company that will be valued at the same per common share value at the consummation of a transaction that results in the Company becoming publicly traded. The intangible will be amortized over its initial year contract period. Coking Coal Leasing LLC On April 15, 2022, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with ENCECo, Inc., ENCECo the sole owner and member of Coking Coal Leasing LLC CCL ), whereby the Company issued shares of its Class A Common Stock to ENCECo, Inc. for the purchase of the assets and interests in CCL. As part of this transaction, the Company, through CCL, purchased a contract to manage the electrical power account for a coal mining complex located in Perry County, Kentucky. The fee for managing this contract payable to the Company is per month. The intangible will be treated as an indefinite lived asset as the ongoing monthly fees will continue as long as the permits remain. RMC Environmental Services LLC On August 17, 2022, the Company formed RMC Environmental Services LLC RMC ES as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of purchasing certain rights to operate a clean fill landfill located in Hamilton County, Indiana that pays RMC ES for each load of clean fill material that is disposed on, or removed from, the landfill. The consideration paid by the Company was for the rights to operate this business. The intangible will be amortized over its initial year contract period. As of June 30, 2024, future amortization expenses are as follows: 2026 2027 2028 2029 and Thereafter 19 Table of Contents Less: Accumulated Depreciation Total Property and Equipment, Net Depreciation expense amounted to for both the three-month periods ended June 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. It was for both the six-month periods ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The estimated useful lives are as follows: Years a month, plus common charges, in rent with an initial lease term of years. The Company subleases an office from an affiliated entity, American Resources Corporation ARC ), located in Fishers, Indiana. Historically we have paid a month in rent, but starting January 2024 that rent was lowered to per month, with an initial lease term of years. The Company leases land from an affiliated entity, LRR, located in Pike County, Kentucky. We pay a month in rent with an initial lease term of years. The Company leases land from an affiliated entity, LRR, located in Hamilton County, Indiana. We pay a minimum of a month in rent or of the immediately prior month s total monthly gross revenues from the lessee s operations. The initial lease term is years. 20 Table of Contents NOTE 8 LEASES (cont.) Accumulated Amortization ROU Assets, Net Liabilities Current: Operating Lease Liabilities Non-Current Operating Lease Liabilities Accretion of Operating Lease Liabilities General and Administrative Total Operating Lease Expenses For the Six Months Ended June 30, Expense Classification 2024 2023 Operating Lease Expenses: Amortization of ROU Assets General and Administrative Accretion of Operating Lease Liabilities General and Administrative Total Operating Lease Expenses NOTE 8 LEASES (cont.) Weighted-Average Discount Rate: Operating Leases As of June 30, 2024, remaining maturities of lease liabilities were as follows: 2026 2027 2028 2029 and Thereafter Total Lease Payment Less Imputed Interest Present Value of Lease Liabilities 21 Table of Contents Unamortized Loan Discounts Total Note Payable Related Party, Net As of first quarter 2024, this note will no longer be required to be classified as related party. At the effective date of our business combination on October 31, 2023, the Manager of Westside Advisors LLC was no longer an officer of the Company. Notes Payable Round B MC Mining T Sauve - White River Holdings Consultant Total Notes Payable As of June 30, 2024, remaining maturities of notes payable were as follows: 2026 22 Table of Contents annual interest rate, compounded calendar quarterly. Accrued interest of and was recorded at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The note was due two years from the date of issuance but was extended until June 30, 2026. Notes Payable Round B These notes bear a 10 annual interest rate, compounded calendar quarterly. Accrued interest of and was recorded at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. . MC Mining On April 1, 2022, the Company purchased the rights to receive rental income from a related party from property located in Pike County, Kentucky. The rental income is per month and the consideration paid by the Company to the seller was a total of , which represents in cash to be paid to the seller in the form of of the monthly rental income until the cash consideration is paid in full, plus the issuance of worth of shares of the Company that will be valued at the same per common share value at the consummation of a transaction that results in the Company becoming publicly traded. Of the 60,000 in cash to be paid to the seller, and is outstanding at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. There is no interest due on the unpaid portion of the monthly rental income. T Sauve Note Payable On January 1, 2024, the Company created a promissory note due to Thomas M. Sauve, CEO for 2023 salary that was previously accrued and unpaid at December 31, 2023. This note bears interest of annual rate, compounded calendar monthly on the outstanding note amount. Accrued interest of and was recorded at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The note shall be repaid in full by January 1, 2025. White River Holdings Consultant Note Payable On January 1, 2024, the Company created a promissory note due to White River Holdings, a consultant, for 2023 fees that were previously accrued and unpaid at December 31, 2023. This note bears interest of annual rate, compounded monthly on the outstanding note amount. Accrued interest of and was recorded at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The note shall be repaid in full by January 1, 2025. shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and , respectively shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. On April 13, 2024, the Company s board of directors unanimously voted to approve a discretionary stock repurchase program. Under the program, the Company may purchase up to of its Class A common stock over the next 24 months, as market conditions warrant. The shares may be repurchased in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, at prices that the Company deems appropriate and subject to market conditions, applicable law and other factors deemed relevant in the Company's sole discretion. 23 Table of Contents . American Resources Corporation The Company may at times enter into agreements with American Resources Corporation ARC and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC and Perry County Resources LLC, an entity in which Thomas Sauve is a director and President, and Kirk Taylor is the Chief Financial Officer. First Frontier Capital LLC The Company may at times enter into financing agreements with First Frontier Capital LLC, an entity managed and beneficially owned by Thomas Sauve, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company. On February 1, 2022, First Frontier Capital LLC invested cash into the Company in the form of the Round A Convertible Note and warrants issued under Warrant A-7. On October 31, 2023, as part of the Business Combination, the notes and warrants held by First Frontier Capital LLC were converted into Class A Common Stock of the Company. T.R. Mining Equipment Ltd. The Company may at times enter into agreements with T. R. Mining Equipment Ltd., an entity owned by a subsidiary of American Resources Corporation. Administrative Services Arrangement The Company s Sponsor agreed, commencing from the date that the Company s securities are first listed on NASDAQ through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to make available to the Company certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative services, as the Company may require from time to time. The Company agreed to pay the Sponsor per month for these services. At the date of the business combination, the services agreement terminated. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, is accrued and owed under this agreement. Promissory Note Related Party On March 22, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the "Note"). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable in full on or before March 22, 2022 or could be converted into equity on March 22, 2022. From inception to date, was advanced and repaid. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, is outstanding for both periods. 24 Table of Contents per warrant; upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period, to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, . 25 Table of Contents NOTE 13 WARRANTS (cont.) per Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of its Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates its Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 26 Table of Contents NOTE 13 WARRANTS (cont.) Expected volatility Risk-Free Rate Expected life of warrants - Exercisable (Vested) - December 31, 2023 - Outstanding March 31, 2024 - Exercisable (Vested) - March 31, 2024 - Outstanding June 30, 2024 - Exercisable (Vested) - June 30, 2024 - Exercisable (Vested) - December 31, 2023 Outstanding March 31, 2024 Exercisable (Vested) - March 31, 2024 Outstanding June 30, 2024 Exercisable (Vested) - June 30, 2024 27 Table of Contents LBX Tokens which were initially recorded at their purchase price of per token. During 2022, the value of the LBX Tokens were written to to reflect that there was no market for the tokens. No cash consideration was given but a convertible note in the amount of and warrants (Warrant A-2 were issued to Westside Advisors LLC. The note remains outstanding, and the warrants were converted into shares of the Company as part of the Business Combination on October 31, 2023. The balance is and at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The following table presents information about the Company s liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: Warrant Liability Private Warrants 3 The Warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities on our accompanying June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 consolidated balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statement of operations. The Private Warrants were initially valued using a Modified Black Scholes Option Pricing Model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The Modified Black Scholes model s primary unobservable input utilized in determining the fair value of the Private Warrants is the expected volatility of the common stock. The expected volatility as of the IPO date was derived from observable public warrant pricing on comparable blank-check companies without an identified target. The expected volatility as of subsequent valuation dates was implied from the Company s own Public Warrant pricing. A Monte Carlo simulation methodology was used in estimating the fair value of the Public Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available, using the same expected volatility as was used in measuring the fair value of the Private Warrants. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the warrants from the Units, the close price of the public warrant price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. 28 Table of Contents NOTE 14 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (cont.) Change in Valuation Inputs or Other Assumptions Fair Value as of December 31, 2023 Private Placement Public Warrant Liabilities Fair Value as of January 1, 2024 Change in Valuation Inputs or Other Assumptions Fair Value as of June 30, 2024 29 Table of Contents shares of the Preferred Stock as a newly-designed Series A Preferred Stock. Series A Preferred Stock will has a 1.00 par value, while the remainder of preferred stock will remain at . On September 10, 2024, the Company entered into a royalty and unit purchase agreement and assignment agreement with eko Solutions LLC eko that provided the Company with certain royalty rights originating from a Commercialization Agreement that was previously signed between Heliponix LLC ANU and eko on June 18, 2024, which granted to eko revenue sharing and royalty rights to seed pod sales produced by ANU. The Company also received assignment of Class B units in ANU resulting from a previously-executed Equity Award Agreement dated June 10, 2024, whereby ANU issued to eko Class B Units. The Company paid to ANU, which thereby relieved eko from having to pay this amount to ANU. As a result of this consideration paid, eko assigned and set over to RMC 20.0 of the Pod Royalty sales (resulting from the Commercialization Agreement), and 20.0 of the Class B Units (from the Equity Award Agreement, which equates to 1,220 units). The intangible will be treated as an indefinite lived asset as the ongoing revenue sharing and royalty rights will remain in place as long as these contracts remain in place. On September 12, 2024, the Company into a Technology Development Services Agreement with ReElement Technologies Corporation ReElement whereby the Company will pay for certain research and development by ReElement to produce technologies related to the purification and separation of platinum group metals, gold, and silver from ore bodies and recycled products (the PGM Technology ). The maximum total fees to be paid by RMC in connection with each of the deliverables and the services is an agreed-to-amount of up to . As of September 30, 2023, 25,000 has been invoiced and paid. Concurrently, on September 12, 2024, the Company also entered into a Royalty Agreement with ReElement whereby RMC shall receive a royalty from the gross sales resulting from the use or license of the PGM Technology that is developed from the Technology Development Services Agreement. . The intangible will be treated as an indefinite lived asset as the ongoing royalty rights will remain in place indefinitely. On October 16, 2024, a former board member of RMC agreed to convert his of accrued board compensation from the periods of 2022 and 2023 into shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. 30 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations References in this report (the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Royalty Management Holding Corporation. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predicts, project, shall, should, would and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview American Acquisition Opportunity Inc was a blank check company organized on January 20, 2021 under the laws of the State of Delaware and effectuated its combination with Royalty Management Corporation RMC on October 23, 2023 and at that point changed its name to Royalty Management Holding Corporation RMHC or the Company ). The Company s business model is to invest or purchase assets that have near and medium-term income potential to provide RMC with accretive cash flow from which it can reinvest in new assets or expand cash flow from those existing assets. These assets typically are natural resources assets (including real estate and mining permits), patents, intellectual property, and emerging technologies. 31 Table of Contents Results of Operations Our total operating revenues for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, were 254,223 and 416,323, respectively and 96,965 and 231,868, respectively for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in RMC Environmental Services additional volume. Our total cost of revenues for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, were 13,380 and 16,072, respectively and 2,107 and 5,441, respectively for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in RMC Environmental Services additional volume. Our total operating expenses for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, were 375,742 and 521,352, respectively and 160,986 and 369,760, respectively for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher professional fees. Total other income and expenses for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, 17,139 and 157,097 of other income, respectively and 206,190 and 409,646 of other expenses, respectively for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023. The primary reasons for the increase were due to a positive gain on warrant fair value adjustment and less interest expense due to convertible debt being converted at time of business combination. Total net income (loss) for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, 117,760 of net loss and 35,996 of net income, respectively and 272,319 and 552,979 of net losses, respectively for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity describes the ability of a company to generate sufficient cash flows in the short- and long-term to meet the cash requirements of its business operations, including working capital needs, debt service, acquisitions, other commitments and contractual obligations. We consider liquidity in terms of cash flows from operations and other sources, including availability under our credit facility, and their sufficiency to fund our operating and investing activities. Historically, we have financed our operations and acquisitions from a combination of cash generated from operations and periodic borrowings under the convertible note as well as non-convertible note offerings. Our primary cash needs are for day-to- day operations, to fund working capital requirements, to fund our growth strategy, including acquisitions, and to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness. Royalty currently has no contractual and other arrangement cash requirements. We do not expect any issue with liquidity in the next 12 months. In connection with the completion of the Business Combination, as a result of the redemption of 253,807 shares of American Acquisition Opportunity Class A Common Stock, we only received 986,617 in proceeds from the trust account prior to expense at the Closing. Our ability to raise additional funds will depend on financial, economic and other factors, many of which are beyond its control. Royalty cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Royalty has limited committed sources of additional capital and if it is unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to it, it may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue its intended growth. Capital Resources . Currently we have no commitments to utilize cash on hand other than investments that have already been completed. Our acquisition strategy and our interest expense in particular may require that we seek additional sources of equity or debt financing in future periods. Class A Common Stock. The Company is able to issue shares of Royalty Class A Common Stock for investments as well as services. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the Company has issued 14,954,504 and 14,270,761, respectively shares of Royalty Class A Common Stock for execution of Royalty s business plan and services. 32 Table of Contents Royalty s ability to raise funds through the sale of equity capital is likely to be impacted by the significant number of shares of Class A Common Stock that were issued in the Business Combination. While our Class A Common Stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market, it is fairly thinly traded. Future sales of shares that have been registered may result in downward pressure on the stock price, thereby making it more difficult for us to raise additional equity capital without resulting in dilution to our existing stockholders. Convertible Notes. The Company has historically raised funds primarily through the issuance of convertible notes. The notes carried an interest rate of 10 and offered a conversion feature to common equity at 6.50 for each share. The Company may in the future utilize this structure to raise additional capital. All convertible notes were converted at the time of business combination, therefore the outstanding balance of the convertibles notes amounted to 0 at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Warrants . As of June 30, 2024, there are a total of 9,154,191 outstanding Warrants to purchase shares of our Class A Common Stock, each with a per share exercise price of 11.50. Upon exercise of any Warrants, we would receive the exercise price. The likelihood that holders of Warrants will exercise any Warrants is dependent upon the trading price of the Class A Common Stock. Until such time as the stock price for our Class A Common Stock exceeds 11.50, we do not anticipate there will be any exercises of the Warrants. As such, we do not consider the Warrants for purposes of budgeting our sources of cash. At June 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents totaled 39,133. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that we are required to disclose pursuant to these regulations. In the ordinary course of business, we enter into operating lease commitments, purchase commitments, and other contractual obligations. These transactions are recognized in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of condensed financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our common stock subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our condensed balance sheets. 33 Table of Contents Net Loss Per Common Share We apply the two-class method in calculating loss per share. Common stock subject to possible redemption which is not currently redeemable and is not redeemable at fair value, has been excluded from the calculation of basic net loss per common share since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. Our net loss is adjusted for the portion of loss that is attributable to common stock subject to possible redemption, as these shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not our income or losses. Warrant Liability The Company accounts for the Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40-15-7D and 7F under which the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, the Company classifies the Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the Warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. The Private Warrants and the Public Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the Public Warrant quoted market price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Because we are a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include any disclosure under this item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. With respect to the period ending June 30, 2024, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon our evaluation regarding the period ending June 30, 2024, the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Office and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the Company s insufficient number of staff performing accounting and reporting functions. Through the review process, management believes that the financial statements and other information presented herewith are materially correct. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. However, the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 34 Table of Contents PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings None. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our Private Warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our Private Warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. On April 12, 2021, the Acting Director of the Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC issued SEC Statement, wherein the SEC staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities on the SPAC s balance sheet as opposed to being treated as equity. Specifically, the SEC Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers following a business combination, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our warrants. As a result of the SEC Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our warrants, and pursuant to the guidance in ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, determined the Private Warrants should be classified as derivative liabilities measured at fair value on our balance sheet, with any changes in fair value to be reported each period in earnings on our statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our Private Warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None. Item 3. Default upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures N/A Item 5. Other Information None. 35 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed herewith: No. Description of Exhibit 3.1 (1) Certificate of Incorporation 3.2 (2) Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation 3.3 (1) By-Laws 4.1 (1) Specimen Unit Certificate 4.2 (1) Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate 4.3 (1) Specimen Warrant Certificate 4.4 (2) Warrant Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and between Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Registrant 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (CEO) 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (CFO) 32.1 Section 1350 Certification (CEO) 32.2 Section 1350 Certification (CFO) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page for the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101 attachments). ________ Filed herewith Furnished herewith (1) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Form S-1, dated February 5, 2021, as amended, and incorporated by reference herein. (2) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2021, and incorporated by reference herein. 36 Table of Contents PART III SIGNATURES SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Royalty Management Holding Corporation By: /s/ Thomas M. Sauve Name: Thomas M. Sauve Title: Chief Executive Officer Date: December 4, 2024 By: /s/ Kirk P. Taylor Name: Kirk P. Taylor Title: Chief Financial Officer Date: December 4, 2024 37 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 rmco_ex211.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
 
 rmco_ex211.htm EXHIBIT 21.1 Entity Name Domestic Jurisdiction Royalty Management Corporation Indiana RMC Environmental Services LLC Indiana 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 rmco_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rmco_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Certification of Principal Executive Officer I, Thomas M. Sauve, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Royalty Management Holding Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 4, 2024 ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION /s/: Thomas M. Sauve Thomas M. Sauve, Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 rmco_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rmco_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer I, Kirk P. Taylor, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Royalty Management Holding Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 4, 2024 ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION /s/: Kirk P. Taylor Kirk P. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 rmco_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rmco_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Royalty Management Holding Corporation, (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas M. Sauve, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (i) the accompanying Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION /s/: Thomas M. Sauve Thomas M. Sauve, Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer December 4, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 rmco_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rmco_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Royalty Management Holding Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kirk P. Taylor, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (i) the accompanying Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION /s/: Kirk P. Taylor Kirk P. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer December 4, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rmco-20240630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 rmco-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rmco-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 rmco-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

