<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1587987_0001587987-24-000237.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22926646</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>224921</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2417141</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11629460</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4050840</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3957815</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001587987-24-000237.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112164139
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001587987-24-000237
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		129
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NewtekOne, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001587987
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				463755188
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36742
		FILM NUMBER:		241449201

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4800 T REX AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-356-9500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4800 T REX AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Newtek Business Services Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130930

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001587987-24-000237.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 newt-20240930.htm
 10-Q

newt-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _____to____ _ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer o x Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial or accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 8, 2024, there were shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock, par value 0.02 per share. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page Defined Terms 
 4 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements: 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended Se pt e m ber 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Unaudited) 
 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 13 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 14 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 60 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 97 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 99 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 102 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 102 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 102 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 102 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 102 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 102 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 103 
 Signatures 
 104 

Table of Contents 

Defined Terms 
 
 We have used we, us, our, our company, and the Company to refer to NewtekOne, Inc. and its subsidiaries in this report. We also have used several other terms in this report, which are explained or defined below: 
 Terms 1940 Act Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 2017-1 Trust Newtek Small Business Loan Trust, Series 2017-1, terminated in February 2023 2018-1 Trust Newtek Small Business Loan Trust, Series 2018-1, terminated in October 2024 2019-1 Trust Newtek Small Business Loan Trust, Series 2019-1, terminated in October 2024 2021-1 Trust Newtek Small Business Loan Trust, Series 2021-1 2022-1 Trust Newtek Small Business Loan Trust, Series 2022-1 2023-1 Trust Newtek Small Business Loan Trust, Series 2023-1 2024 Notes 5.75 Notes due 2024, matured August 1, 2024 2025 6.85 Notes 6.85 Notes due 2025, redeemed in May 2022 2025 5.00 Notes 5.00 Notes due 2025 2025 8.125 Notes 8.125 Notes due 2025 2025 Notes Collectively, the 2025 6.85 Notes, 2025 5.00 Notes and 2025 8.125 Notes 
 2026 Notes 5.50 Notes due 2026 2028 Notes 
 8.00 Notes due 2028 
 2029 8.50 Notes 8.50 Notes due 2029 2029 8.625 Notes 8.625 Notes due 2029 2029 Notes 
 Collectively, the 2029 8.50 Notes and 2029 8.625 Notes 
 ABL Asset based lending ACL Allowance for credit losses Acquisition The Company s Acquisition of NBNYC, pursuant to which the Company acquired from the NBNYC shareholders all of the issued and outstanding stock of NBNYC ALP 
 Alternative Lending Program 
 ASC Accounting Standards Codification, as issued by the FASB ASU Accounting Standards Updates, as issued by the FASB 2023 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement Equity Distribution Agreement, dated November 17, 2023, by and among the Company and the placement agents BDC Business Development Company under the 1940 Act Board The Company's board of directors Capital One Capital One Bank, National Association C I Conventional commercial and industrial loans Code Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended CRE Commercial real estate 
 Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank AG DRIP The Company's former dividend reinvestment plan 
 EBITDA Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization 2015 Stock Incentive Plan The Company's 2015 Stock Incentive Plan 2023 Stock Incentive Plan The Company s 2023 Stock Incentive Plan ESPP 
 Employee Stock Purchase Program 
 Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board Federal Reserve Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FV 
 Fair Value 
 HFI 
 Held for investment 
 HFS 
 Held for sale 
 
 4 

LCM 
 Lower of amortized cost basis or fair value 
 LTV 
 Loan-to-Value 
 NAV Net Asset Value NBNYC National Bank of New York City, which has been renamed Newtek Bank, National Association NOO 
 Non-owner occupied 
 OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency PCD 
 Purchased Financial Assets with Credit Deterioration 
 PLP Preferred Lenders Program, as authorized by the SBA PPP Paycheck Protection Program RIC Regulated investment company under the Code S P Standard and Poor's SBA United States Small Business Administration SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SMB Small-and-medium sized businesses SOFR 
 Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 SPV I Capital One Facility Revolving Credit and Security Agreement between NBL SPV I, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NALH, and Capital One 
 SPV II Deutsche Bank Facility Revolving Credit and Security Agreement between NBL SPV II, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NALH, and Deutsche Bank 
 SPV III One Florida Bank Facility 
 Revolving Credit and Security Agreement between NBL SPV III, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NALH, and One Florida Bank 
 Trustee U.S. Bank, National Association TSO II TSO II Booster Aggregator, L.P. U.S. GAAP or GAAP Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States Webster Webster Bank, N.A. Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 NSBF Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC 
 NBL Newtek Business Lending, LLC, a former wholly-owned subsidiary of Newtek Bank, merged into SBL on May 2, 2023 
 NCL Newtek Commercial Lending, Inc. 
 Newtek Bank Newtek Bank, National Association 
 NALH 
 Newtek Business Services Holdco 6, Inc., dba Newtek ALP Holdings 
 NMS Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC 
 Mobil Money Mobil Money, LLC 
 NTS Newtek Technology Solutions, Inc. 
 NBC CDS Business Services, Inc. dba Newtek Business Credit Solutions 
 SBL Small Business Lending, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Newtek Bank PMT PMTWorks Payroll, LLC dba Newtek Payroll and Benefits Solutions 
 NIA Newtek Insurance Agency, LLC 
 TAM Titanium Asset Management, LLC 
 POS POS on Cloud, LLC, dba Newtek Payment Systems, an 88.34 owned consolidated subsidiary 
 Joint Ventures 
 NCL JV Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC, a 50 owned joint venture TSO JV Newtek-TSO II Conventional Credit Partners, LP, a 50 owned joint venture 

5 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION (In Thousands, except for Per Share Data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS (Unaudited) Cash and due from banks Restricted cash Interest bearing deposits in banks Total cash and cash equivalents Debt securities available-for-sale, at fair value Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans held for sale, at LCM Loans held for investment, at fair value Loans held for investment, at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans held for investment, at amortized cost, net Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock Settlement receivable Joint ventures, at fair value (cost of and ), respectively 
 Non-control investments (cost of and ), respectively 
 Goodwill and intangibles Right of use assets Deferred tax asset, net Servicing assets Other assets Assets held for sale Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Borrowings Dividends payable Lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities, net Due to participants Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale Total liabilities Shareholders' Equity: Preferred stock (par value per share; authorized shares, shares issued and outstanding) 
 Common stock (par value per share; authorized shares, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 6 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) (In Thousands, except for Per Share Data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (as restated) (as restated) Interest income Debt securities available-for-sale Loans and fees on loans Other interest earning assets Total interest income Interest expense Deposits Notes and securitizations Bank and FHLB borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Dividend income Loan servicing asset revaluation ) ) ) ) Servicing income Net gains on sales of loans Net (loss) gain on loans under the fair value option ) ) Technology and IT support income Electronic payment processing income Other noninterest income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits expense Technology services expense Electronic payment processing expense Professional services expense Other loan origination and maintenance expense Depreciation and amortization Other general and administrative costs Total noninterest expense Net income before taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income Dividends to preferred shareholders ) ) ) ) Net income available to common shareholders Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted 
 7 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 (In Thousands, except for Per Share Data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (as restated) (as restated) Net income Other comprehensive gain (loss) before tax: Net unrealized gain (loss) on debt securities available-for-sale during the period ) ) Other comprehensive gain (loss) before tax ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income 
 8 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) (In Thousands, except for Per Share Data) Common stock Preferred stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Retained earnings Total equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Stock-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures Dividends declared related to RSA, net of accrued dividends forfeited ) Purchase of vested stock for employee payroll tax withholding ) ) ) Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures ESPP issuances Dividends declared common shares /share) 
 ) ) Dividends declared preferred shares /share) 
 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance at September 30, 2024 
 9 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) (As Restated) (In Thousands, except for Per Share Data) Common stock Preferred stock Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Retained earnings Total equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 ) DRIP shares issued Stock-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures Dividends declared related to RSA, net of accrued dividends forfeited ) Purchase of vested stock for employee payroll tax withholding ) ) ) Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures Dividends declared common shares /share) 
 ) ) Dividends declared preferred shares /share) 
 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 10 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 (In Thousands, except for Per Share Data) Common stock Preferred stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Retained earnings Total equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Stock-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures Dividends declared related to RSA, net of accrued dividends forfeited ) Purchase of vested stock for employee payroll tax withholding ) ) ) Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures ESPP issuances Amortization of offering costs ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs Dividends declared common shares /share) 
 ) ) Dividends declared preferred shares /share) 
 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance at September 30, 2024 
 11 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 (As Restated) 
 (In Thousands, except for Per Share Data) Common stock Preferred stock Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Accumulated undistributed earnings Retained earnings Total equity 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 Conversion from BDC to Bank Holding Company Adjustments: Change in presentation ) Removal of fair value adjustments ) ) Consolidation of controlled investments ) ) Reassessment of deferred tax assets and liabilities DRIP shares issued Stock-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures Dividends declared related to RSA, net of accrued dividends forfeited ) Purchase of vested stock for employee payroll tax withholding ) ) ) ) Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures Issuance of preferred stock Preferred stock issuance costs ) ) Dividends declared common shares /share) 
 ) ) Dividends declared preferred shares /share) 
 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 12 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) (In Thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (as restated) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Net appreciation on joint ventures and non-control investments ) ) Net loss (gain) on loans accounted for under the fair value option ) Loan servicing asset revaluation Net unrealized appreciation on derivative transactions ) ) Net gain on sales of loans ) ) Net accretion of premium/discount ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Provision for credit losses Lower of cost or market adjustment on loans held for sale ) Bad debt (recoveries) expense ) Stock compensation expense Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Depreciation and amortization Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale Sale (purchase) of loans held for sale from affiliate ) Funding of loans held for sale ) ) Principal received on loans held for sale Other, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Settlement receivable ) Due to/from related parties ) ) Other assets ) Dividends payable Due to participants ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Net decrease in loans held for investment, at fair value Net increase in loans held for investment, at cost ) ) Contributions to joint ventures ) ) Purchase of fixed assets ) ) Return of capital - non-control investments Net decrease (increase) in Federal Home Loan and Federal Reserve Bank stock ) Net decrease (increase) in available-for-sale securities ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired Net cash used in investing activities ) ) 
 13 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) (In Thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (as restated) Cash flows from financing activities: Net paydowns on bank notes payable ) ) Net increase in deposits Repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank advances ) ) Proceeds from common shares sold, net of offering costs Proceeds from preferred stock, net of offering costs Proceeds from 2025 Notes 
 Proceeds from 2028 Notes 
 Redemption of 2024 Notes ) Proceeds from 2029 Notes 
 Proceeds from 2029 Notes 
 Payments on Notes Payable - Securitization Trusts ) ) Issuance of Notes Payable - Securitization Trusts Dividends paid, net of dividend reinvestment plan ) ) Payments of deferred financing costs ) ) Proceeds from common stock issued under ESPP Purchase of vested stock for employee payroll tax withholding ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and restricted cash Cash and restricted cash beginning of period (Note 2) Consolidation/(deconsolidation) of cash and restricted cash from controlled investments related to business combinations and dispositions, net of cash paid ) Cash and restricted cash end of period (Note 2) Non-cash operating, investing and financing activities: Foreclosed real estate acquired Dividends declared but not paid during the period Issuance of common shares under dividend reinvestment plan Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 
 Interest paid Income taxes paid 

14 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 

 NEWTEKONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million in cash, subject to certain purchase price adjustments (the Cash Consideration and (ii) issue to the Company million shares of a newly created series of Paltalk non-voting preferred stock, the Series A Non-Voting Common Equivalent Stock (the Preferred Stock (the Stock Consideration, and together with the Cash Consideration, the Closing Consideration ). Upon the occurrence of certain specified transfers of the Preferred Stock, each transferred share of Preferred Stock will automatically convert into one share of common stock of Paltalk, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. In addition to the Closing Consideration, the Company may be entitled to receive an earn-out amount of up to million, payable in cash or Preferred Stock (or a combination thereof, determined in Paltalk s discretion), based on the achievement of certain cumulative average Adjusted EBITDA thresholds for the 2025 and 2026 fiscal years. The issuance of Preferred Stock to the Company as Stock Consideration or as consideration for the earn-out, if any, will be subject to the limitation that any such issuance of Preferred Stock may not result in the Company s equity interest in Paltalk exceeding one third of Paltalk s total equity, determined in accordance with the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and to the extent necessary a corresponding increase in 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 of Paltalk s total equity. 
 
 As a result of the Company s entry into the NTS Sale Agreement and its anticipation to divest of NTS, t he Company reported NTS as Held for Sale as of September 30, 2024. In addition, as of the date of this filing, the Company has concluded that the assets, liabilities and operations of NTS do not qualify for Discontinued Operations as of September 30, 2024. See NOTE 9 ASSETS AND LIABILITIES DIRECTLY ASSOCIATED WITH ASSETS HELD FOR SALE. 

16 

Table of Contents 

million. The Company has not experienced any losses with respect to cash balances in excess of insured amounts and management does not believe there was a significant concentration of risk with respect to cash balances as of September 30, 2024. 

million. 

Restricted cash Interest bearing deposits in banks Cash and restricted cash 

17 

Table of Contents 

 , depending on the type of collateral, and requires debt service coverage of a minimum of times. 
 
 C I: The C I portfolio consists of loans made for general business purposes consisting of short-term working capital loans, equipment loans and unsecured business lines. 
 
 SBA 7(a): The SBA 7(a) portfolio includes loans originated under the federal Section 7(a) loan program. The SBA is an independent government agency that facilitates one of the nation s largest sources of SMB financing by providing credit guarantees for its loan programs. SBA 7(a) loans are partially guaranteed by the SBA, with SBA guarantees typically ranging between 50 and 90 of the principal and interest due. Under the SBA s 7(a) lending program, a bank or other lender licensed by the SBA may underwrite loans between 5.0 thousand and 5.0 million for a variety of general business purposes based on the SBA s loan program requirements. The guaranteed portion of the loans are HFS and carried at LCM and therefore are not subject to CECL. The unguaranteed portion of the loans that are held on balance sheet at amortized cost are subject to CECL. In the context of CECL, these SBA 7(a) loans are held at Newtek Bank. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

19 

Table of Contents 

 million. The settlement receivable also includes million of premiums, which have been recognized in Net Gains on Sales of Loans. 

million and a deferred tax asset, net of million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and its political subdivisions. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense. 
 
 The Company s U.S. federal and state income tax returns prior to fiscal year 2020 are generally closed, and management continually evaluates expiring statutes of limitations, audits, proposed settlements, changes in tax law and new authoritative rulings. Interest and penalties assessed by tax jurisdictions for income tax matters are presented as income tax expense on the consolidated statement of income. 
 
 Formerly, as a RIC ending with the Company s December 31, 2022 fiscal year end, the Company was not subject to corporate level income tax. Beginning on January 1, 2023 with the start of the 2023 fiscal year, the Company no longer qualifies as a RIC and is subject to corporate level income tax. See NOTE 18 INCOME TAXES . 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

21 

Table of Contents 

22 

Table of Contents 

 million, in an all-cash transaction. The Company also agreed to pay the seller s acquisition costs of approximately million. NBNYC was renamed Newtek Bank and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection with the completion of the Acquisition, the Company contributed to Newtek Bank million of cash and two of the Company s subsidiaries, NBL and SBL (NBL was subsequently merged into SBL). Upon the consummation of the Acquisition, Newtek Bank entered into an operating agreement with the OCC concerning certain matters including capital, liquidity and concentration limits, and memorializing the business plan submitted to the OCC. 
 
 The NBNYC transaction was accounted for in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, and the Company performed a purchase price allocation under the acquisition method. Under ASC 805, if the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs, the acquirer shall report in its financial statements provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. During the measurement period, which shall not exceed one year from the acquisition date, the acquirer shall adjust the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. 
 
 The purchase price, including costs incurred by the Company on behalf of the seller directly associated with the Acquisition, was preliminarily allocated to net assets acquired. Final allocation was obtained and the purchase allocations finalized at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Fair value of assets acquired: Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits in banks Total cash and cash equivalents Available-for-sale securities (at fair value) Other investments Loans receivable Federal Reserve Bank stock, at cost Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost Accrued interest receivable Deferred income taxes Goodwill Core deposit intangible Other assets Total assets 
 Fair value of liabilities assumed: 
 Deposits: Demand Savings, Super NOW, and Money Market Certificates of deposit Total deposits Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million of goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill is an asset representing the acquired future economic benefits such as synergies that are not individually identified and separately recognized (i.e., it is measured as a residual). The amount of goodwill recognized is also impacted by measurement differences resulting from certain assets and liabilities not being recorded at fair value (e.g., income taxes, employee benefits). In accordance with ASC 805-30-30-1, the measurement of goodwill occurs on the Acquisition Date and, other than qualifying measurement period adjustments, no adjustments are made to goodwill recognized as of the Acquisition Date until and unless it becomes impaired. 
 
 ASC 805 provides for a period of time during which the acquirer may adjust provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date to their subsequently determined acquisition-date fair values, referred to as the measurement period. Adjustments during the measurement period are not limited to just those relating to assets acquired and liabilities assumed but apply to all aspects of business combination accounting (e.g., the consideration transferred). Measurement-period adjustments are calculated as if they were known at the acquisition date, but are recognized in the reporting period in which they are determined. Prior period information is not revised, including the effect on earnings of any amounts they would have recorded in previous periods if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. In accordance with ASC 805, the Company recorded a measurement period adjustment and decreased goodwill by million related to the finalization of the consideration transferred. 
 
 Information regarding the allocation of goodwill to the Company s reportable segments, as well as the carrying amounts and amortization of the core deposit intangible, can be found within NOTE 8 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS. None of the goodwill is tax deductible. Described below are the methods used to determine the fair values of the significant assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the NBNYC Acquisition. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents. The estimated fair values of cash and cash equivalents approximate their stated face amounts, as these financial instruments are either due on demand or have short-term maturities. 
 
 Investment securities available-for-sale . Quoted market prices for the securities acquired were used to determine their fair values. If quoted market prices were not available for a specific security, then quoted prices for similar securities in active markets were used to estimate the fair value. 
 
 Loans. Each loan was assessed individually. The fair values for loans were estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology that considered factors including the type of loan and the related collateral, classification status, fixed or variable interest rate, remaining term, amortization status, and current discount rates. In addition, the probability of default, loss given default, and prepayment assumptions that were derived based on loan characteristics, historical loss experience, comparable market data, and current and forecasted economic conditions were used to estimate expected credit losses. The discount rates used for loans and leases were based on current market rates for new originations or comparable loans and leases and include adjustments for liquidity. The discount rate did not include credit losses as that was included as a reduction to the estimated cash flows. We determined the fair value of the PCD loans using the asset and income approach. We used the income approach for PCD loans where there was evidence that the borrower may be able to continue to service the loan and more likely than not continue to pay. We used the asset approach for PCD loans when the loan is on non-accrual status. Acquired loans were marked to fair value and adjusted for any PCD gross up as of the Acquisition Date. 
 
 Core Deposit Intangible. CDI is a measure of the value of non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, and money market accounts that are acquired in a business combination. The fair value of the CDI stemming from any given business combination is based on the present value of the expected cost savings attributable to the core deposit funding, relative to an alternative source of funding. The CDI relating to the NBNYC Acquisition will be amortized over an estimated useful life of years using the sum of years digits depreciation method. The Company evaluates such identifiable intangibles for impairment when an indication of impairment exists. 
 
 Deposit Liabilities. The fair values used for the demand and savings deposits by definition equal the amount payable on demand at the Acquisition date. The fair values for time deposits were estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology that applies interest rates currently being offered to the contractual interest rates on such time deposits. 
 
 Borrowings . The estimated fair value of borrowed funds is based on bid quotations received from securities dealers or the discounted value of contractual cash flows with interest rates currently in effect for borrowed funds with similar maturities. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

ACL at acquisition ) Non-credit (discount) ) Fair Value 
 
 Transaction costs describe the broad category of costs the Company incurs in connection with signed and/or closed acquisitions. Transaction costs include expenses associated with legal, accounting, regulatory, and other transition services rendered in connection with acquisition, travel expense, and other non-recurring direct expenses associated with acquisitions. 
 
 The Company incurred transaction costs related to the NBNYC Acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2023 of million. These costs have been included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in Professional services expense. 

Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock 
 Non-controlled investments 
 Joint ventures, at fair value 
 Total investments 

/ joint venture between NCL a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Conventional Lending TCP Holding, LLC, a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. (Nasdaq: TCPC). NCL JV ceased funding new ALP loans during 2020. On January 28, 2022, NCL JV closed a securitization with the sale of million of Class A Notes, NCL Business Loan Trust 2022-1, Business Loan-Backed Notes, Series 2022-1, secured by a segregated asset pool consisting primarily of NCL JV s portfolio of ALP loans secured by liens on commercial or residential mortgaged properties, originated by NCL JV and NBL. The Notes were rated A (sf) by DBRS Morningstar. The Notes were priced at a yield of . The proceeds of the securitization were used, in part, to repay NCL JV s credit facility and return capital to the NCL JV partners. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Investments in loans, at FV (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Other assets Total assets Securitization notes payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Net assets Total liabilities and net assets 
 
 Selected Statements of Operations Information (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest and other income Total expenses Net investment income Unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments ) ) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

million of Class A Notes and million of Class B Notes (collectively, the TSO Notes issued by NALP Business Loan Trust 2024-1. The TSO Notes were backed by million of collateral, consisting of Company originated ALP loans . The Class A and Class B Notes received Morningstar DBRS ratings of A (sf) and BBB (high) (sf), respectively. TSO JV ceased investing in new ALP loans in July 2023. 
 
 Restricted cash Investments in loans, at FV (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Other assets Total assets Bank notes payable Securitization notes payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Net assets Total net assets 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Total expenses Net investment income (loss) ) ) Unrealized appreciation on investments Realized loss on investments ) Realized gain (loss) on derivative transactions ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on derivative transactions ) ) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

) Newtek TSO II Conventional Credit Partners, LP ) Total Joint Ventures ) Non-Control Investments EMCAP Loan Holdings, LLC ) Biller Genie Software, LLC Total Non-Control Investments ) Total Affiliate Investments ) 
 Company Fair Value at December 31, 2022 Purchases (Cost) Return of Investment Net Gains/(Losses) 
 Fair Value at September 30, 2023 Dividend Income Joint Ventures Newtek Conventional Lending, LLC Newtek TSO II Conventional Credit Partners, LP Total Joint Ventures Non-Control Investments EMCAP Loan Holdings, LLC Biller Genie Software, LLC Total Non-Control Investments Total Affiliate Investments 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Government agency debentures Total available for sale securities 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was thousand and million of accrued interest receivable on available-for-sale securities, respectively, included in Other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 settled settled 

Government agency debentures Total 
 
 December 31, 2023 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Holdings Fair Value Unrealized Losses U.S. Treasury notes 29,304 67 29,304 67 Government agency debentures 2,867 134 2,867 134 Total 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

After 1 year through 5 years Total available for sale securities 

Pledged for borrowings and other Total available for sale securities pledged 

29 

Table of Contents 

Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services Specialty Trade Contractors Ambulatory Health Care Services Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries Administrative and Support Services Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods Repair and Maintenance Personal and Laundry Services Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods Social Assistance Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Truck Transportation Construction of Buildings Food Manufacturing Accommodation Support Activities for Mining Transportation Equipment Manufacturing Rental and Leasing Services Food and Beverage Stores Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers Nursing and Residential Care Facilities Educational Services Building Material and Garden Equipment and Supplies Dealers Other 3 
 Total 
 (1) Truck Transportation includes one loan at NewtekOne of million Cost and million Fair value as of September 30, 2024, and million Cost and million Fair Value as of December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Food Manufacturing includes one loan at NewtekOne of million Cost and million Fair Value as of September 30, 2024, and million Cost and million Fair Value as of December 31, 2023. 
 (3) Other includes one loan at NewtekOne of million Cost and million Fair Value as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

CRE C I Total Loans Deferred fees and costs, net Loans held for investment, at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 Past Due and Accruing 
 Non- accrual Total Past Due and Non-accrual 
 Current Total Accounted for Under the FV Option 30-59 Days 
 60-89 Days 
 90-119 Days 
 120+ Days 
 SBA, at fair value 

Loans HFI, at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs 
 
 CRE C I Total, at amortized cost 
 Deferred fees and costs Total, at amortized cost net of deferred fees and costs Allowance for credit losses ) Total, at amortized cost, net 
 As of December 31, 2023 Past Due and Accruing 
 Non- accrual Total Past Due and Non-accrual 
 Current Total Carried at Amortized Cost 30-59 Days 
 60-89 Days 
 90-119 Days 
 120+ Days 
 At amortized cost SBA CRE C I Total, at amortized cost Deferred fees and costs Total, at amortized cost net of deferred fees and costs Allowance for credit losses ) Total, at amortized cost, net 
 31 

Table of Contents 

32 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Grades 5-6 Risk Grade 7 Risk Grade 8 Total SBA, at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs Risk Grades 1-4 Risk Grades 5-6 Risk Grade 7 Risk Grade 8 Total CRE, at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs Risk Grades 1-4 Risk Grades 5-6 Risk Grade 7 Total C I, at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs Risk Grades 1-4 Risk Grades 5-6 Risk Grade 7 Total Total 
 
 December 31, 2023 Term Loans HFI by Origination Year 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total SBA, at fair value Risk Grades 1-4 Risk Grades 5-6 Risk Grade 7 Risk Grade 8 Total SBA, at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs Risk Grades 1-4 Risk Grades 5-6 Risk Grade 7 Risk Grade 8 Total CRE, at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs Risk Grades 1-4 Risk Grades 5-6 Risk Grade 7 Total C I, at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs Risk Grades 1-4 Risk Grades 5-6 Risk Grade 7 Total Total 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Adjustment to beginning balance due to PCD marks 1 
 Charge offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision for credit losses 2 
 ) Ending balance 
 1 Given the January 6, 2023 transition to a financial holding company, the Company established an ACL with the beginning balance representing the purchased credit deteriorated loans acquired through the NBNYC Acquisition. 
 2 Excludes million of Provision for credit losses relating to unfunded commitments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which is recorded within Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in accordance with ASC 326. 

Charge offs ) ) Recoveries Provision for credit losses 1 
 ) ) Total 
 
 1 Excludes million of Provision for credit losses relating to unfunded commitments for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which is recorded within Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in accordance with ASC 326. 

and loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, that did not share similar risk characteristics with the loan segments identified in NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES and evaluated them for impairment individually. 
 
 Collectively Evaluated 
 Total 

The following table presents the recorded investment in loans individually evaluated and collectively evaluated by segment: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Recorded Investment 
 CRE C I SBA Total CRE C I SBA Total Individually Evaluated 
 Collectively Evaluated 
 Total 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

CRE Total 

CRE Total 
 
 Accrued interest on loans totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. The Company writes off accrued interest receivable by reversing interest income and typically occurs upon loans becoming 91 to 120 days past due. 

SBA 504 Second Lien SBA 7(a) SBA 7(a) Partials ALP Subtotal Deferred fees and costs Loans held for sale, net of deferred fees and costs 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Due from affiliated companies 2 
 Total due to/due from affiliated companies 
 
 1 Included within Other assets 
 2 Included within Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities 

Dividend income 
 Total income 

Non-FDIC insured deposits 
 Total deposits from related parties and their affiliated companies 

36 

Table of Contents 

 billion in SBA 7(a) loans and million in ALP loans. 
 
 Discount factor 1 
 Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate Servicing assets at LCM: 
 Discount factor 1 
 Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate Total 
 
 1 Determined based on risk spreads and observable secondary market transactions. 

Amortization 1 
 ) Additions 1 
 Impairment assessment 
 September 30, 2024 
 1 Included within Net gains on sales of loans in the Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Servicing Assets, at LCM 
 September 30, 2023 December 31, 2022 Additions/(removal) of entities consolidating after Conversion to BHC 
 Amortization 1 
 ) Additions 1 
 Impairment assessment 
 September 30, 2023 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Payments Technology 1 
 Total goodwill 
 1 The technology goodwill is classified as Held for Sale in anticipation of the NTS Sale. Refer to NOTE 9 ASSETS AND LIABILITIES DIRECTLY ASSOCIATED WITH ASSETS HELD FOR SALE. 
 
 Banking: 
 
 In connection with the Acquisition, the Company recorded million of goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill is an asset representing the acquired future economic benefits such as synergies that are not individually identified and separately recognized (i.e., it is measured as a residual). The amount of goodwill recognized is also impacted by measurement differences resulting from certain assets and liabilities not being recorded at fair value (e.g., income taxes, employee benefits). In accordance with ASC 805-30-30-1, the measurement of goodwill occurs on the Acquisition Date and, other than qualifying measurement period adjustments, no adjustments are made to goodwill recognized as of the Acquisition Date until and unless it becomes impaired. 
 
 Payments and Technology: 
 
 The goodwill in the payments and technology segments was generated from acquisitions by the legal entities within those segments prior to the consolidation of the those entities into NewtekOne following the Acquisition. 

) ) Payments Customer Lists ) Technology Customer Lists ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 1 The technology customer lists are classified as Held for Sale in anticipation of the NTS Sale. Refer to NOTE 9 ASSETS AND LIABILITIES DIRECTLY ASSOCIATED WITH ASSETS HELD FOR SALE. 
 
 The Company had million and million of core deposits at Newtek Bank as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In addition, as of December 31, 2023, the Company had million of intangible assets relating to customer lists. 
 
 Core Deposit Intangible. CDI is a measure of the value of non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, and money market accounts that are acquired in a business combination. The fair value of the CDI stemming from any given business combination is based on the present value of the expected cost savings attributable to the core deposit funding, relative to an alternative source of funding. The CDI relating to the NBNYC Acquisition will be amortized over an estimated useful life of years using the sum of years digits depreciation method. The Company evaluates such identifiable intangibles for impairment when an indication of impairment exists. 
 
 Customer Lists. The intangible asset for customer lists are within the technology segment and existed prior to the consolidation of the technology segment into NewtekOne following the Acquisition. The payments customer list has been disposed of. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

39 

Table of Contents 

 Lease liabilities Goodwill Deferred tax liabilities, net Intangibles Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Right of use assets Other assets 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 The goodwill in the payments and technology segments was generated from acquisitions by the legal entities within those segments prior to the consolidation of the those entities into NewtekOne following the 2023 Acquisition. 
 
 Intangibles 
 
 ) 
 
 Right of use assets and lease liabilities 
 
 Under ASC 842, operating lease expense is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The Company has entered into operating lease agreements for office space with remaining contractual terms up to 1 year, some of which include renewal options. These renewal options are not considered in the remaining lease term unless it is reasonably certain the Company will exercise such options. The operating lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 
 As the rate implicit in the leases generally is not readily determinable for our operating leases, the discount rates used to determine the present value of our lease liability are based on our incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date and commensurate with the remaining lease term. Our incremental borrowing rate for a lease is the rate of interest we would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet and are excluded from our weighted-average remaining lease term. 

40 

Table of Contents 

Government agency debentures Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans held for investment, at fair value Other real estate owned 1 
 Non-controlled/affiliate investments Servicing assets 2 
 Joint ventures Total assets measured at fair value 
 Liabilities: Equity warrants 3 
 Derivative instruments ,3,4 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 1 Included in Other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 2 million of servicing assets at held at FV and million of servicing assets are held at LCM. Refer to NOTE 7 SERVICING ASSETS. 
 3 Included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 4 Measured at fair value on a recurring basis with the net unrealized gains or losses recorded in current period earnings. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2023 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Debt securities available-for-sale U.S. Treasury notes Government agency debentures Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans held for investment, at fair value Other real estate owned 1 
 Non-controlled/affiliate investments Servicing assets 2 
 Joint ventures Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: Equity warrants 3 
 Derivative instruments 3,4 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 1 Included in Other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 2 million of servicing assets held at FV and million of servicing assets are held at LCM. Refer to NOTE 7 SERVICING ASSETS 
 2 Included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 3 Measured at fair value on a recurring basis with the net unrealized gains or losses recorded in current period earnings. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Reclasses between loans at FV and LCM Sales 
 ) ) ) Principal payments received ) ) Foreclosed real estate acquired ) SBA loans, funded ALP loans, funded 
 Mortgage loans, funded 
 Additions 
 Purchases and repurchases of loans 
 Capital contributions/(distributions) ) Change in valuation due to: 
 Changes in valuation inputs or assumptions 
 ) ) Other factors 
 ) ) ) Fair value, September 30, 2024 
 1 Included in Other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 2 Included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Loans HFI, at FV Loans HFS, at FV Controlled Investments Joint Ventures Servicing Assets, at FV Non-Control Investments 
 Warrant Liabilities 2 
 Other Real Estate Owned 1 
 Fair value, December 31, 2022 Net gain (loss) on loans under the fair value option Additions/(removal) of entities consolidating after Conversion to BHC ) Reclass of Loans HFS to HFI 
 ) Change in valuation due to: Changes in valuation inputs or assumptions Other factors ) ) Realized gain (loss) ) ) ) SBA investments, funded ALP loans, funded Foreclosed real estate acquired ) Purchases and repurchases of loans Sales ) ) Principal payments received ) ) Additions Fair Value, September 30, 2023 
 1 Included in Other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 2 Included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Market yields Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate Loans HFI, at FV - non-accrual 
 Market yields Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate Loans HFS, at FV 
 Market yields Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate Joint ventures 
 Market yields Cost of equity Weighted average cost of capital Non-control equity investments Market yields Weighted average cost of capital Servicing assets 1 
 Market yields Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate Other real estate owned Appraised value N/A N/A N/A Liabilities: 
 Equity warrants 
 Expected volatility 
 Dividend yield 
 Risk free rate 
 
 1 million of servicing assets at held at FV and million of servicing assets are held at LCM. Refer to NOTE 7 SERVICING ASSETS. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Market yields Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate Loans HFI, at FV - non-accrual 
 Market yields Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate Loans HFS, at FV 
 Market yields Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate Joint ventures 
 Market yields Cost of equity Weighted average cost of capital Non-control equity investments Market yields Cost N/A N/A N/A Servicing assets 1 
 Market yields Cumulative prepayment rate Average cumulative default rate Other real estate owned Appraised value N/A N/A N/A Liabilities: Equity warrants Expected volatility Dividend yield Risk free rate 
 million of servicing assets held at FV and million of servicing assets are held at LCM. Refer to NOTE 7 SERVICING ASSETS 

44 

Table of Contents 

Restricted cash Interest bearing deposits in banks Debt securities available-for-sale, at FV Loans HFS, at FV Loans HFS, at LCM Loans HFI, at FV Total loans HFI, at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock Joint ventures, at FV Non-control investments Financial Liabilities: Time deposits Borrowings December 31, 2023 Carrying Amount Fair Value Amount by Level: 
 Total Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Financial Assets: Cash and due from banks Restricted cash Interest bearing deposits in banks Debt securities available-for-sale, at FV Loans HFS, at FV Loans HFS, at LCM Loans HFI, at FV Total loans HFI, at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock Joint ventures, at FV Non-control investments Financial Liabilities: Time deposits Borrowings 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Interest-bearing: Checking Money market Savings Time deposits Total interest-bearing Total deposits Time deposits, money market, and interest-bearing checking obtained through brokers Aggregate amount of deposit accounts that exceeded the FDIC limit Demand deposit overdrafts reclassified as loan balances Certificates of deposit in excess of 0.25 million 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total time deposits 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 SPV I Capital One Facility SPV II Deutsche Bank Facility SPV III One Florida Bank Facility ) FHLB Advances 2 
 Notes issued by Parent Company 1 : 
 2024 Notes 3 
 2025 Notes 
 2025 Notes 
 2026 Notes 2028 Notes 2029 Notes 
 2029 8.625 Notes 
 Notes payable - Securitization Trusts 4 
 Total 
 1 Net of deferred financing costs. Negative borrowings outstanding are the result of the facilities being paid down to zero principal balance as of September 30, 2024 while the associated deferred financing costs remain 
 2 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying amount of Newtek Bank s FHLB borrowings includes a million and million purchase accounting adjustment, respectively. 
 3 On August 1, 2024, the 2024 Notes matured. 
 4 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the net assets of the consolidated Trusts totaled million and million, respectively. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

) ) SPV I Capital One Facility ) ) SPV II Deutsche Bank Facility ) ) SPV III One Florida Bank Facility ) ) ) Notes issued by Parent Company: 
 2024 Notes ) 2025 Notes 
 ) ) 2025 Notes 
 ) ) 2026 Notes ) ) 2028 Notes ) ) 2029 Notes 
 ) 2029 Notes 
 ) Notes Payable - Securitization Trusts 
 ) ) 

Notes 
 2029 Notes 
 2028 Notes 
 2026 Notes 
 2024 Notes 

. 

48 

Table of Contents 
 years ) years 
 1 Shown as a negative number when the position is sold short. 
 2 Shown in Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 

) ) ) 
 Collateral posted with our futures counterparty is segregated in the Company s books and records. Historically, the Company s counterparty has held cash margin as collateral for derivatives, which is included in restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets. Interest rate futures are centrally cleared by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME through a futures commission merchant. The Company is required to post initial margin and daily variation margin for interest rate futures that are centrally cleared by CME. CME determines the fair value of our centrally cleared futures, including daily variation margin. Variation margin pledged on the Company s centrally cleared interest rate futures is settled against the realized results of these futures. 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 1 Employment agreements with certain of the Company s named executive officers. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

million of unfunded commitments, consisting of million in connection with its SBA 7(a) loans, million in connection with its SBA 504 loans, and million relating to commercial and industrial loans. There were unfunded commitments in connection with the Company s ALP loans. The Company anticipates these commitments will be funded from the same sources it used to fund its other loan commitments. 

thousand shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), in a private placement transaction. The aggregate purchase price was million. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock was issued at a price of thousand per share and is convertible at the holder s option into shares of the Company s Common Stock. The Company had not issued preferred stock prior to February 3, 2023. 
 
 Warrants for Common Stock 
 
 On February 3, 2023, pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company issued warrants to Patriot to purchase, in the aggregate, thousand shares of Common Stock for per share. The Warrants are exercisable in whole or in part until the ten year anniversary of the entry into the Securities Purchase Agreement and may be exercised for cash or on a net share basis, with the number of shares withheld determined based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the date of such exercise. Warrants are included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated 
 50 

Table of Contents 

million shares of Common Stock from time to time through the placement agents (the ATM Program ). The Company may, subject to market conditions, engage in activity under the ATM Program. 
 
 Net weighted average price per share Net proceeds Placement agent fees paid 

June 27, 2024 June 28, 2024 July 1, 2024 September 16, 2024 September 30, 2024 October 1, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 April 13, 2023 March 20, 2023 April 14, 2023 June 27, 2023 June 27, 2023 July 1, 2023 September 27, 2023 September 27, 2023 October 2, 2023 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

June 27, 2024 July 9, 2024 July 19, 2024 September 16, 2024 October 10, 2024 October 21, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 February 27, 2023 April 4, 2023 April 14, 2023 June 27, 2023 July 10, 2023 July 21, 2023 September 27, 2023 October 10, 2023 October 20, 2023 

52 

Table of Contents 

Weighted-average basic shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share: Net income, for diluted earnings per share Add: Preferred dividends on dilutive Series A convertible preferred stock Net income, for diluted earnings per share Total weighted-average basic shares outstanding Add effect of dilutive restricted stock awards Add effect of dilutive Series A convertible preferred stock Total weighted-average diluted shares outstanding Diluted earnings per share Anti-dilutive warrants, restricted stock awards, and Series A convertible preferred stock 
 1 For periods presented other than the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Series A convertible preferred stock was antidilutive and, therefore, the preferred dividends have not been added back to the numerator of Net income, for diluted earnings per share. 
 2 Incremental diluted shares from restricted stock awards under the treasury stock method. 
 3 Incremental diluted shares from Series A convertible preferred stock under the treasury stock method. The dilutive effect on common shares under the if-converted method of the Series A convertible preferred stock have been added back to the denominator in calculating diluted earnings per share for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

53 

million million Net restricted stock (granted)/forfeited during: Year ended December 31, 2020 and prior ) Year ended December 31, 2021 ) Year ended December 31, 2022 ) Year ended December 31, 2023 ) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 ) Total net restricted stock (granted)/forfeited ) ) 
 1 stock options were granted under the 2015 or 2023 Stock Incentive Plans. 
 2 The 2023 Stock Incentive Plan provides for an initial share reserve of up to million shares of Common Stock. 
 
 Awards of restricted stock granted under the 2015 and 2023 Stock Incentive Plans generally vest over a one - to period from the grant date; awards of restricted stock granted under the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan to non-employee directors generally vest over a one -year period. The grant date fair value is expensed over the service period, starting on the grant date. 

Weighted average grant date fair value of awards Additional shares outstanding related to dividends on awards 
 
 54 

Weighted-average period of unrecognized compensation expense years years 
 
 million shares. Under the terms of the ESPP, employees may authorize the withholding of up to of their eligible compensation to purchase our shares of Common Stock, not to exceed thousand of Common Stock for any calendar year. The purchase price per shares acquired under the ESPP will never be less than of the fair market value of the lesser of our Common Stock on the offering date or purchase date. The Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of our Board of Directors, in its discretion, may terminate the ESPP at any time with respect to any shares for which options have not been granted and has the right to amend the ESPP with stockholder approval within 12 months before or after the adoption of the amendment. The difference between the Common Stock s fair value and the employee s discounted purchase price is expensed at the time of purchase. 
 
 Weighted average share price 
 Total purchased, net of discount 

For the period ended September 30, 2024, the ESPP share activity is as follows: 
 Shares 
 Available for future purchases, January 1, 2024 Purchases ) Available for future purchases, September 30, 2024 

ESPP Total compensation cost recognized for stock-based compensation plans 

55 

for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The effective tax rate differs from the federal tax rate of 21 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, due primarily to the addition of estimated state tax. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had NOLs in the amount of million. Of these NOLs, million expire in 2029 through 2037, while the remaining million have indefinite lives. The Company expects to apply million of the NOLs against 2023 taxable income and the remaining million against future taxable income. The Tax Cuts Jobs Act of 2017 limits the amount of NOLs utilized each year after December 31, 2020 to 80 of taxable income. 
 
 The Company s and its subsidiaries federal income tax returns are generally open to review by the tax authorities for the tax years ended in 2020 and beyond. However, the Company s NOLs continue to be subject to review by tax authorities in the period utilized notwithstanding origination in closed periods. 
 
 The Company does not have any material interest and penalties recorded in the income statement for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

reportable segments for management reporting purposes as discussed below: 
 
 Banking 
 
 Newtek Bank originates, services and sells SBA 7(a) loans in a similar manner to NSBF s historic business model (see Non-Bank Lending below) and originates and services SBA 504 loans, C I loans, CRE loans and ABL loans. In addition, Newtek Bank offers depository services. 
 
 NSBF 
 
 NSBF relates to NSBF s legacy portfolio of SBA 7(a) loans held outside Newtek Bank; no new loan origination activity takes place. A material portion of NSBF s legacy portfolio of SBA 7(a) loans reside in securitization trusts. 
 
 Payments 
 
 Payments includes NMS, POS and Mobil Money. NMS markets credit and debit card processing services, check approval services, processing equipment, and software and: 
 
 Assist merchants with initial installation of equipment and on-going service, as well as any other special processing needs that they may have. 
 Handles payment processing for Mobil Money s merchant portfolio of taxi cabs and related licensed payment processing software. 
 POS is a provider of a cloud based Point of Sale (POS) system for a variety of restaurant, retail, assisted living, parks and golf course businesses, which provides not only payments and purchase technology solutions, but also inventory, customer management, reporting, employee time clock, table and menu layouts, and ecommerce solutions as the central operating system for an SMB. 
 
 56 

) Interest expense ) Net interest income/(loss) 
 ) ) Provision for loan credit losses Net interest income after provision for loan credit losses ) ) Noninterest income ) ) Noninterest expense ) Income before taxes 
 ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income 
 ) ) ) Assets ) 
 
 As of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (as restated) 
 Banking Technology NSBF Payments Corporate and Other Eliminations Consolidated Interest income ) Interest expense ) Net interest income/(loss) 
 ) ) ) Provision for loan credit losses Net interest income after provision for loan credit losses ) ) ) Noninterest income ) Noninterest expense ) Income before taxes 
 ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income 
 ) Assets ) 
 
 57 

) Interest expense ) Net interest income ) ) Provision for loan credit losses Net interest income after provision for loan credit losses ) ) Noninterest income ) ) Noninterest expense ) Income before taxes 
 ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Assets ) 
 
 As of and for the three months ended September 30, 2023 (as restated) 
 Banking Technology NSBF Payments Corporate and Other Eliminations Consolidated Interest income ) Interest expense ) Net interest income ) ) Provision for loan credit losses Net interest income after provision for loan credit losses ) ) Noninterest income ) Noninterest expense ) Income before taxes 
 ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Assets ) 

58 

million shares of Company common stock during the next twelve months. The actual timing and amount of any repurchases under the plan will be determined by the Company in its discretion, and will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions, applicable legal requirements, the Company's capital needs and whether there is a better alternative use of capital. The Company has no obligation to repurchase any amount of its common stock under its new stock repurchase program. 
 
 Early Redemption of Securitization Notes Issued by the 2018-1 Trust and 2019-1 Trust 
 
 On October 23, 2024, the Company executed an early redemption of the NSBF securitization notes (the 2018 and 2019 Notes issued by the 2018-1 and 2019-1 Trusts. The balance on the 2018 and 2019 Notes as of September 30, 2024, was million, and the Company paid million out of interest bearing deposits in banks and million out of restricted cash. 
 
 SBA 504 Loans Sale 
 
 On October 30, 2024, the Company executed a sale, to a third party, of million of SBA 504 first lien loans at par, servicing retained. 
 59 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 The matters discussed in this report, as well as in future oral and written statements by Company management that are forward-looking statements, are based on current management expectations that involve substantial risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about us, our industry, our beliefs, and our assumptions. Words such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Important assumptions include our ability to originate new investments, achieve certain margins and levels of profitability, the availability of additional capital, and the ability to maintain certain debt to asset ratios. In light of these and other uncertainties, including recent economic and market events and unrelated bank failures and declines in depositor confidence in certain types of depository institutions, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans or objectives will be achieved. The forward-looking statements contained in this report, including the documents we incorporate by reference, involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 
 
 our future operating results; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our subsidiaries; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 
 the ability of our business to achieve its objectives; 
 the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 
 our ability to operate as a financial holding company and increased compliance and other costs associated with such operations; 
 our ability to adequately manage liquidity, deposits, capital levels and interest rate risk; 
 our ability to operate our subsidiary Newtek Bank, a national bank regulated and supervised by the OCC, and increased compliance and other costs associated with such operations; 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our subsidiaries; 
 
 These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in any and all of the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 
 
 an economic downturn, which could impair our subsidiaries ability to continue to operate or repay their borrowings, which could adversely affect our results; 
 
 a contraction of available credit and/or an inability to access the equity markets could impair our lending and business activities; 
 changing interest rates (including credit spreads) and the impacts on macroeconomic conditions and Company s profitability, returns, and results of operations, which include but are not limited to, interest income and expense and valuations of assets measured at fair value; 
 changes to the SBA 7(a) loan program, including recent revisions to SBA Standard Operating Procedure SOP and 
 
 the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report and in our filings with the SEC, including the documents we incorporate by reference. 
 
 60 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and other parts of this report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. Important assumptions include the ability of Newtek Bank to originate loans under the SBA 7(a) program, maintain PLP status, sell SBA guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans at premiums and grow deposits; our ability to originate new loans; our subsidiaries ability to generate revenue and obtain and maintain certain margins and levels of profitability; and the availability of additional capital. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this report, including the documents that we incorporate by reference herein, should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking information due to the factors discussed under Part II Item 1A. Risk Factors of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2023 Form 10-K, and in any subsequent filings we have made with the SEC that are incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this report. And while we believe such information forms, or will form, a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company speak only as to the date they are made, and the Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statements were made, except as required by applicable law. 

Executive Overview 
 
 Conversion to a Financial Holding Company 
 
 As of January 6, 2023, we are a financial holding company that, together with our consolidated subsidiaries, provides a wide range of business and financial solutions under the Newtek and NewtekOne brands to the independent business owner (SMB) market. Effective January 6, 2023, following authorization by our shareholders, we withdrew our previous election to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. Prior to such time, we operated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. Contemporaneously with withdrawing our election to be regulated as a BDC, on January 6, 2023, we completed the Acquisition of NBNYC, a national bank regulated and supervised by the OCC, pursuant to which we acquired from NBNYC s shareholders all of the issued and outstanding stock of NBNYC. NBNYC has been renamed Newtek Bank and has become our wholly owned bank subsidiary. In connection with the completion of the Acquisition, we contributed to Newtek Bank 31 million of cash and two of our subsidiaries, NBL and SBL (subsequently, NBL was merged into SBL). As a result of the Acquisition, we are now a financial holding company subject to the regulation and supervision of the Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. We no longer qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code for federal income tax purposes and no longer qualify for accounting treatment as an investment company. As a result, in addition to Newtek Bank and its consolidated subsidiary SBL, the following former portfolio companies and subsidiaries are now consolidated non-bank subsidiaries in our financial statements: NSBF; NMS; Mobil Money; NBC; PMT; NIA; TAM; NALH; NCL; NTS and POS. In addition, as a result of commitments made to the Federal Reserve, we agreed to divest or otherwise terminate the activities conducted by NTS by January 6, 2025, subject to any extension. As a result of the Company s entry into the NTS Sale Agreement and the Company s anticipation to divest of NTS, t he Company has reported NTS as Held for Sale as of September 30, 2024. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Operating as a Financial Holding Company We are subject to extensive regulation and supervision as a financial holding company, which may adversely affect our business. See NOTE 9 ASSETS AND LIABILITIES DIRECTLY ASSOCIATED WITH ASSETS HELD FOR SALE. 
 
 Effective January 13, 2023, we filed Articles of Amendment amending our Charter to change the name of the Company to NewtekOne, Inc. 
 
 61 

On April 13, 2023, the Company, NSBF and the SBA entered into the Wind-down Agreement, pursuant to which NSBF has begun to wind-down its operations and NSBF s SBA 7(a) pipeline of new loans was transitioned to Newtek Bank. During this wind-down process, NSBF will continue to own the SBA 7(a) loans and PPP Loans currently in its SBA loan portfolio to maturity, liquidation, charge-off or (subject to SBA s prior written approval) sale or transfer. SBL will service and liquidate NSBF s SBA loan portfolio pursuant to an SBA approved lender service provider agreement. In addition, during the wind-down process, NSBF will be subject to minimum capital requirements established by the SBA, be required to continue to maintain certain amounts of restricted cash available to meet any obligations to the SBA, have restrictions on its ability to make dividends and distributions to the Company, and remain liable to the SBA for post-purchase denials and repairs on the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans originated and sold by NSBF, from the proceeds generated by NSBF s SBA loan portfolio. The Company has guaranteed certain of NSBF s obligations to the SBA and has funded a 10 million account at Newtek Bank to secure these potential obligations. 
 
 Historical Business Regulation and Taxation 
 
 Prior to January 6, 2023, we operated as an internally managed non-diversified closed-end management investment company that elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. As a BDC under the 1940 Act we were not permitted to acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets, and we were not permitted to issue senior securities unless the ratio of our total assets (less total liabilities other than indebtedness represented by senior securities) to our total indebtedness represented by senior securities plus preferred stock, if any, was at least 150 . As of December 31 2022, our asset coverage was 169 . Although we are no longer regulated as a BDC, certain covenants in our outstanding 2026 Notes require us to maintain an asset coverage of at least 150 as long as the 2026 Notes are outstanding. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Notes We are subject to 150 asset coverage requirements due to covenants contained in the indentures under which the 2026 Notes were issued. 
 
 Additionally, prior to January 6, 2023, due to our status as a BDC, we elected to be treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, beginning with our 2015 tax year. As an entity electing to be treated as a RIC, we generally did not have to pay U.S. federal income taxes at corporate rates on any ordinary income or capital gains that we distributed to our shareholders as dividends. To maintain our qualification as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we were required to, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, in order to obtain tax benefits applicable to an entity treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we were required to distribute to our shareholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our ordinary income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries no longer qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes and filed a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return beginning with the 2023 fiscal year. Financial holding companies are subject to federal and state income taxes in essentially the same manner as other corporations. Taxable income is generally calculated under applicable sections of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), including Sections 581 through 597 that apply specifically to financial institutions. Some modifications are required by state law and the 2017 tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act"). Among other things, the Tax Act (i) established a new, flat corporate federal statutory income tax rate of 21 , (ii) eliminates the corporate alternative minimum tax and allowed the use of any such carryforwards to offset regular tax liability for any taxable year, (iii) limited the deduction for net interest expense incurred by U.S. corporations, (iv) allowed businesses to immediately expense, for tax purposes, the cost of new investments in certain qualified depreciable assets, (v) eliminated or reduced certain deductions related to meals and entertainment expenses, (vi) modified the limitation on excessive employee remuneration to eliminate the exception for performance-based compensation and clarified the definition of a covered employee and (vii) limited the deductibility of deposit insurance premiums. There can be no assurance as to the actual effective rate because it will be dependent upon the nature and amount of future income and expenses as well as actual investments generating investment tax credits and transactions with discrete tax effects. 
 
 From 2012 through December 31, 2022, NSBF, a wholly-owned subsidiary, was consistently the largest non-bank SBA 7(a) lender in the U.S. based on dollar volume of loan approvals, and, as of December 31, 2022, was the third largest SBA 7(a) lender in the United States. Currently, Newtek Bank is ranked as the largest SBA 7(a) lender based on dollar volume of loans approved. Historically, NSBF structured its loans so that it could both sell the government guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans and securitize the unguaranteed portions. This structure generally allowed NSBF to recover its capital and earn excess capital on each loan, typically within a year. Pursuant to the Wind-down Agreement described above, in April 2023 NSBF transitioned its SBA 7(a) loan originations to Newtek Bank and is in the process of winding down its operations and will continue to own the 7(a) Loans and PPP Loans in its SBA loan portfolio to maturity, liquidation, charge-off or (subject to SBA s prior written approval) sale or transfer. 
 62 

Additionally, we and our subsidiaries have historically provided a wide range of business and financial solutions to independent business owner relationships, including Business Lending, which includes SBA 7(a) loans, SBA 504 loans and our ALP loans, Electronic Payment Processing, Managed Technology Solutions (Cloud Computing), Technology Consulting, eCommerce, Accounts Receivable and Inventory Financing, personal and commercial lines Insurance Services, Web Services, Data Backup, Storage and Retrieval, and Payroll and Benefits Solutions to independent business owner relationships nationwide across all industries. We support the operations of our subsidiaries by providing access to our proprietary and patented technology platform, including NewTracker , our patented prospect management software. We have historically defined independent business owners (SMBs) as companies having revenues of 1 million to 100 million, and we have generally estimated the SMB market to be over 33 million businesses in the United States. We have historically made loans and provided business and financial solutions to the SMB market through NSBF and our controlled portfolio companies (now subsidiaries). In addition, we have begun to offer the Newtek Advantage , the One Dashboard for All of Your Business Needs , which provides independent business owners with instant access to a team of NewtekOne business and financial solutions experts in the areas of Business Lending, Electronic Payment Processing, Managed Technology Solutions, personal and commercial lines Insurance Services and Payroll and Benefits Solutions. Moreover, we believe the Newtek Advantage provides our independent business owner clients with analytics on their businesses, as well as transactional capabilities, including free unlimited document storage, free real-time updated traffic analytics, free real-time credit card processing and chargeback batch information for merchant solutions clients and the ability for PMT clients to make payroll directly from the Newtek Advantage business portal. 
 
 Following the Acquisition, there can be no assurance regarding our continued lending prospects or operations as a financial holding company. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Operating as a Financial Holding Company We have a limited operating history as a financial holding company. 
 
 Our common shares are currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol NEWT . 
 
 Newtek Bank is a national bank and nationally licensed SBA lender under the federal Section 7(a) loan program, and originates, sells and services SBA 7(a) loans. Newtek Bank has been granted PLP status and is authorized to place SBA guarantees on loans without seeking prior SBA review and approval. Being a national lender with PLP status allows Newtek Bank to expedite the origination of loans since Newtek Bank is not required to present applications to the SBA for concurrent review and approval. The loss of PLP status would adversely impact our marketing efforts and ultimately our loan origination volume, which would negatively impact our results of operations. See Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to SBA Lending - There can be no guarantee that Newtek Bank and NSBF will be able to maintain their SBA 7(a) lending licenses and Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to SBA Lending - A governmental failure to fund the SBA could adversely affect NSBF s and Newtek Bank s SBA 7(a) loan originations and our results of operations. 

Economic Developments 
 
 We have observed and continue to observe supply chain interruptions, significant labor and resource shortages, commodity inflation, rising interest rates, unrelated bank failures and declines in depositor confidence in certain types of depository institutions. Additionally geopolitical events, such as trade disruptions, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, conflict in the Middle East, rising tensions in Asia, and elements of political, economic and financial market instability in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and China have led to increased economic uncertainty. One or more of these factors may contribute to increased market volatility, may have long term effects in the United States and worldwide financial markets, and may cause economic uncertainties or deterioration in the United States and worldwide. Additionally, in the event that the U.S. economy enters into a protracted recession, it is possible that the businesses and industries in which our customers operate and to which we lend to could experience deterioration, which could ultimately lead to difficulty in meeting debt service requirements and an increase in defaults. While we are not seeing signs of an overall, broad deterioration in our operating results at this time, there can be no assurance that the performance of certain of our subsidiaries and our current and prospective borrowers will not be negatively impacted by economic conditions, which could have a negative impact on our future results. 

Income 
 
 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, we generated income in the form of interest, net gains on the sales of loans originated (which primarily include sales of SBA 7(a) and ALP loans) and related servicing assets on such sales, dividends, electronic payment processing income, technology and IT support income, servicing income, and other fee income generated by loan originations and by our subsidiaries. We originated loans that typically have terms of 10 to 25 years and bear interest at prime plus a margin. In some instances, we received payments on our loans based on scheduled amortization of the outstanding balances. In addition, we received repayments of some of our loans prior to their scheduled maturity date. The frequency or 
 63 

volume of these repayments fluctuated significantly from period to period. Our portfolio activity for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, also reflects the proceeds of sales of guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans we originated. In addition, we received servicing income related to the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans which we originated and sold into the secondary market as well as on the portfolios of ALP loans owned by NCL JV and TSO JV. These recurring fees were earned daily and recorded when earned. In addition, we generated revenue in the form of loan packaging, loan prepayment, legal and late fees. We recorded such fees related to loans as other income. Distributions of earnings from our joint ventures were evaluated to determine if the distribution was income, return of capital or realized gain. 
 
 We recognized realized gains or losses on loans based on the difference between (1) the net proceeds from the disposition and any servicing assets recognized and (2) the cost basis of the loan without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized. We recorded current period changes in fair value of loans and assets that were measured at fair value as a component of the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on the loans or se rvicing assets, as appropriate, in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, our primary operating expenses were salaries and benefits, interest expense including interest on deposits, electronic payment processing expense, technology services expense, origination and servicing, and other general and administrative costs, such as professional fees, marketing, referral fees, servicing costs and rent. 

The Company s Alternative Lending Program (ALP) 
 
 The Company has originated loans under its ALP since 2019. These loans have terms between 10 and 25 years, bear fixed interest rates that reset every five years, and have prepayment penalties. The criteria evaluated in underwriting ALP loans and the terms of these loans have been generally consistent over the ALP s existence. Prior to July 1, 2024, the Company originated ALP loans with the intent to sell to a JV. While the Company continues to source JV partners to participate in this program, the Company could also originate ALP loans designated as HFI. The Company does not expect any significant changes to the underwriting or terms of loans in its ALP. 
 
 NCL JV: In 2019, we launched a 50/50 joint venture, NCL JV, between NCL, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Newtek, and Conventional Lending TCP Holding, LLC, a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of BlackRock TCP Capital Corp. (Nasdaq:TCPC). NCL JV provided ALP loans to U.S. middle-market companies and small businesses. NCL JV ceased funding new loans during 2020. On January 28, 2022, NCL JV closed an ALP loan securitization with the sale of 56.3 million Class A Notes, NCL Business Loan Trust 2022-1, Business Loan-Backed Notes, Series 2022-1, secured by a segregated asset pool consisting primarily of NCL JV s portfolio of ALP loans, including loans secured by liens on commercial or residential mortgaged properties, originated by NCL JV and NBL. The Notes were rated A (sf) by DBRS Morningstar. The Notes were priced at a yield of 3.209 . The proceeds of the securitization were used, in part, to repay the Deutsche Bank credit facility and return capital to the NCL partners. Refer to NOTE 4 INVESTMENTS for selected financial information and a schedule of investments of NCL as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 TSO JV: On August 5, 2022, NCL and TSO II Booster Aggregator, L.P. TSO II entered into a joint venture, TSO JV, governed by the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement for the TSO JV. NCL and TSO II each committed to contribute an equal share of equity funding to the TSO JV and each have equal voting rights on all material matters. The TSO JV intends to deploy capital over the course of time with additional leverage supported by a warehouse line of credit for the purpose of investing in ALP loans made to middle-market companies as well as small businesses. TSO JV began making investments in ALP loans during the fourth quarter of 2022. On July 23, 2024, TSO JV closed a securitization backed by ALP loans, selling 137.2 million of Class A Notes and 17.2 million of Class B Notes (collectively, the TSO Notes issued by NALP Business Loan Trust 2024-1. The TSO Notes are backed by 190.5 million of collateral, consisting of Company originated ALP loans. The Class A and Class B Notes received Morningstar DBRS ratings of A (sf) and BBB (high) (sf), respectively. TSO JV ceased investing in new ALP loans in July 2024. Refer to NOTE 4 INVESTMENTS for selected financial information and a schedule of investments of TSO JV as of September 30, 2024. 

Unfunded Commitments 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had 102.5 million of unfunded commitments consisting of 17.5 million in connection with its SBA 7(a) loans, 73.4 million in connection with its SBA 504 loans, and 11.6 million relating to commercial and industrial loans. The Company funds these commitments from the same sources it uses to fund its other loan commitments. 

64 

Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
 
 September 30, 2024 vs. December 31, 2023 

ASSETS 
 
 Total assets at September 30, 2024 were 1.7 billion, an increase of 244.7 million, or 17.1 , compared to total assets of 1.4 billion at December 31, 2023. 

Loans 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Loans held for sale, at fair value 242,225 118,867 123,358 Loans held for sale, at LCM 60,203 56,607 3,596 Loans held for investment, at fair value 394,471 469,801 (75,330) Loans held for investment, at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs 518,489 336,305 182,184 Allowance for credit losses (26,045) (12,574) (13,471) Loans held for investment, at amortized cost, net 492,444 323,731 168,713 Total Loans 1,189,343 969,006 220,337 
 
 Loans held for sale 
 
 Loans HFS, at fair value increased 123.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, while loans HFS, at LCM increased 3.6 million during the same period. The overall increase was primarily the result of new loan originations during 2024. 
 
 Loans held for investment 
 
 At Fair value: Loans HFI, at fair value was 394.5 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 469.8 million at December 31, 2023. The balance consists primarily of SBA 7(a) loans as well as 6.8 million of loans that the Company owns 100 as a result of originating the loan and subsequently repurchasing the guaranteed portion from the SBA. As previously discussed, NSBF ceased originating loans during 2023, resulting in the decrease in the balance of loans held for investment from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, primarily due to the principal payments of existing loans held by NSBF. 
 
 At Amortized Cost: Loans HFI, at amortized cost consists of loans originated at Newtek Bank. The 182.2 million increase in loans HFI, at amortized cost is the result of an increase in originations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 over 2023. 
 
 65 

Credit Quality: The following table presents an analysis of loans HFI with credit metrics, including a breakdown by days aged: 
 
 Credit Quality Ratios September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 

At Amortized Cost Current 490,036 94.5 325,643 96.9 Past Due 31-89 Days 8,564 1.7 4,896 1.5 Nonaccrual loans 19,588 3.8 5,373 1.6 Total, at amortized cost 
 518,188 100.0 335,912 100.0 Deferred fees and costs 
 301 393 Total, at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs 
 518,489 336,305 Allowance for credit losses (26,045) 5.0 (12,574) 3.7 At Fair Value Current 304,853 77.3 385,172 81.9 Past Due 31-89 Days and accruing 19,950 5.1 36,455 7.8 Past Due 90-119 Days and accruing 9,634 2.4 Past Due 120 and more Days and accruing 435 0.1 Nonaccrual loans 59,599 15.1 48,174 10.3 Total 394,471 100.0 469,801 100.0 Past due and nonaccrual loans as of Outstanding UPB 89,618 86.6 84,629 75.2 Nonperforming Assets, as a percentage of total assets 
 Loans HFI, at amortized cost 
 19,588 1.3 5,373 0.4 Loans HFI, at fair value 
 59,599 4.0 48,174 3.3 Other real estate owned 2,199 0.1 1,110 0.1 Total Nonperforming Assets 81,386 5.4 54,657 3.8 
 
 66 

CRE exposure 
 
 The Company s loan portfolio consists of loans to independent business owners (SMBs). The Company s Loans HFI at amortized cost and Loans HFS at LCM include a total of 284.8 million of loans, including unfunded commitments, backed by CRE and considered non-owner occupied as of September 30, 2024. The average loan-to-value for this CRE portfolio was 56.2 . The table below presents a detail of the loans considered non-owner occupied CRE that are not carried at fair value: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 HFI at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs HFS at LCM Total LTV by CRE type HFI at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs HFS at LCM Total LTV by CRE type Loans not backed by NOO CRE 339,614 339,614 172,502 172,502 Loans backed by NOO CRE 178,875 60,203 239,078 163,803 56,607 220,410 Total loans 518,489 60,203 578,692 336,305 56,607 392,912 Loans backed by NOO CRE by type: 
 Retail 45,469 45,469 51.2 40,400 40,400 49.7 1-4 Family 27,270 27,270 56.9 31,700 31,700 57.6 Multifamily 29,842 29,842 51.2 29,800 29,800 51.3 Industrial 22,936 22,936 46.5 23,400 23,400 47.3 Office 12,049 12,049 43.9 6,599 6,599 48.9 Construction and land development 1 
 24,737 46,439 71,176 64.7 28,404 51,907 80,311 83.1 Hotel 13,764 13,764 51.6 4,700 4,700 55.3 Other 16,572 16,572 56.2 3,500 3,500 52.8 Total NOO CRE 178,875 60,203 239,078 56.2 163,803 56,607 220,410 60.3 Unfunded Commitments Construction and land development 1 
 45,721 45,721 4,493 4,493 Hotel 13 13 Multifamily Total unfunded commitments 45,734 45,734 4,493 4,493 Total CRE Loans 
 178,875 105,937 284,812 163,803 61,100 224,903 
 1 Construction and land development includes first and second lien loans. The LTV on first lien is generally 65 . Second liens are typically taken out by the SBA following project completion and occupancy by the borrower. The LTV calculated is based on total exposure. 
 
 67 

Goodwill and Intangibles 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Goodwill Intangible Assets Total Goodwill Intangible Assets Total NBNYC acquisition 271 709 980 271 843 1,114 Payments segment 
 13,814 13,814 13,814 13 13,827 Technology segment 1 
 11,800 3,379 15,179 Total 14,085 709 14,794 25,885 4,235 30,120 
 1 As of September 30, 2024, the assets of the Technology segment are classified as held-for-sale. See NOTE 9 ASSETS AND LIABILITIES DIRECTLY ASSOCIATED WITH ASSETS HELD FOR SALE for more information. 
 
 The change in goodwill and intangible assets for the Payments segment and NBNYC acquisition relates to amortization of intangible assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Servicing Assets 
 
 A sensitivity analysis of the current fair value of servicing assets to adverse changes in significant assumptions as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is as follows: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Discount factor Effect on fair value of a 100 basis point adverse change (887) (1,050) Effect on fair value of a 200 basis point adverse change (1,711) (2,028) Cumulative prepayment rate Effect on fair value of a 100 basis point adverse change (96) (141) Effect on fair value of a 500 basis point adverse change (479) (706) Average cumulative default rate Effect on fair value of a 100 basis point adverse change (79) (149) Effect on fair value of a 500 basis point adverse change (395) (744) 
 
 The sensitivity analysis presents the hypothetical effect on fair value of the servicing assets due to the change in significant assumptions. Changes in fair value based on adverse changes in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value is not linear. Additionally, the sensitivity analysis shocks each significant assumption individually, while keeping all other assumptions unchanged. In practice, changes in one assumption generally impact other assumptions, which could increase or lessen the effect of the change. 

Settlement Receivable 
 
 Settlement receivables were 62.1 million as of September 30, 2024, a decrease of 0.1 million compared to December 31, 2023. The settlement receivable arises from the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans that were traded in the period but did not settle during the current period end and the cash was not received from the purchasing broker during the current period; the amount varies depending on loan origination volume and timing of sales at quarter end. 

68 

LIABILITIES 
 
 Total liabilities at September 30, 2024, were 1.4 billion, an increase of 211.9 million, or 18.0 , compared to total liabilities of 1.2 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Deposits 
 
 Total deposits were 649.5 million at September 30, 2024, consisting of 11.0 million in non-interest bearing deposits and 638.4 million in interest bearing deposits, a 185.0 million increase from the balance as of December 31, 2023. 

Borrowings 
 Borrowings Outstanding 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Other Bank Borrowings 1 : 
 Webster NMS Note 33,666 36,628 (2,962) SPV I Capital One Facility 7,561 16,080 (8,519) SPV II Deutsche Bank Facility 328 6,799 (6,471) SPV III One Florida Bank Facility (104) 257 (361) FHLB Advances 15,800 23,184 (7,384) Total Lines of Credit 57,251 82,948 (25,697) Parent Company Notes due 2024, 2025, 2026, 2028 and 2029 1 : 
 2024 5.75 Notes 
 38,124 (38,124) 2025 5.00 Notes 
 29,825 29,563 262 2025 8.125 Notes 
 49,825 49,433 392 2026 5.50 Notes 
 114,102 113,564 538 2028 8.00 Notes 
 38,639 38,378 261 2029 8.50 Notes 
 69,500 69,500 2029 8.625 Notes 72,525 72,525 Total 2024, 2025, 2026, 2028, and 2029 Notes 374,416 269,062 105,354 Notes Payable - Securitization Trusts 1 
 224,167 292,112 (67,945) Total 655,834 644,122 11,712 
 1 Net of deferred financing costs. 
 
 Borrowings were 655.8 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 644.1 million at December 31, 2023. This increase was primarily due to a 69.5 million issuance of the 2029 8.50 Notes and a 72.5 million issuance of the 2029 8.625 Notes. These increases were partially offset by a 67.9 million reduction in the notes payable on securitization trusts, a 38.1 million redemption of the 2024 5.75 Notes, a 8.5 million paydown of the SPV I facility, a 6.5 million paydown on the SPV II facility, and a 7.4 million paydown of FHLB advances. 

Deferred Taxes 
 The deferred tax liability, net represents the cumulative timing differences between book and tax to the extent such assets or liabilities give rise to taxable income or expense in future periods. Within this balance is the deferred tax asset on net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards not expected to be utilized in the current year. The Company evaluated all NOLs for a valuation allowance and determined that none were required. 
 
 69 

Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 As disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K, the Company s prior year condensed, comparative financial statements have been adjusted to correct errors made in the Company s financial statements previously issued for the first, second, and third quarters of 2023. Results for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 are presented as restated. Refer to our 2023 Form 10-K for further detail. 
 
 Summary 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reported net income of 32.5 million, or 1.26 per basic and diluted share, compared to net income of 36.5 million, or 1.46 per basic and diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The decrease in net income was attributable to income tax benefit on the realization of deferred tax assets in 2023 when the Company converted to an FHC. Below is a summary of changes in the components of Net income: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 
 (as restated) 
 Change Net interest income after provision for credit losses 12,271 10,994 1,277 Noninterest income 153,238 127,665 25,573 Noninterest expense 120,570 108,120 12,450 Net income before taxes 44,939 30,539 14,400 Income tax expense/(benefit) 12,410 (5,941) 18,351 Net income 32,529 36,480 (3,951) 

Net Interest Income 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 
 (as restated) 
 Change Interest income Debt securities available-for-sale 1,168 1,083 85 Loans and fees on loans 80,346 60,341 20,005 Other interest earning assets 6,177 6,580 (403) Total interest income 87,691 68,004 19,687 Interest expense Deposits 19,755 10,738 9,017 Notes and securitizations 33,427 28,806 4,621 Bank and FHLB borrowings 5,496 10,127 (4,631) Total interest expense 58,678 49,671 9,007 Net interest income 29,013 18,333 10,680 Provision for credit losses 16,742 7,339 9,403 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 
 12,271 10,994 1,277 

Interest Income 
 Loans and fees on loans: The 20.0 million increase in interest income on the Company s loan portfolio was attributable to increases in the average balances of loans HFI and HFS, which increased 170.9 million and 96.3 million, respectively, as well as the average outstanding accrual portfolio of loans held for investment increasing to 1.1 billion from 687.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in the average balance of loans HFS was attributable to originations of SBA 504 and ALP loans, and the increase in the average outstanding accrual loan portfolio resulted from the origination of new SBA 7(a) loans period over period. 
 70 

Other interest earning assets: The 0.4 million decrease in interest income from other interest earnings assets was attributable to lower interest rates on cash and due from banks, as well as interest bearing deposits in banks, including Newtek Bank earning interest on Federal Reserve Bank cash deposits. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 The following is a summary of interest expense by facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (as restated) Change Deposits 19,755 10,738 9,017 Notes and securitizations: 
 Notes payable - Securitization Trusts 16,734 16,913 (179) 2024 Notes 1 
 1,409 1,816 (407) 2025 5.00 Notes 1,387 1,303 84 2025 8.125 Notes 3,440 3,188 252 2026 Notes 5,282 5,282 2028 Notes 1 
 2,661 304 2,357 2029 8.50 Notes 2 
 2,224 2,224 2029 8.625 Notes 3 
 290 290 Total notes and securitizations 33,427 28,806 4,621 Bank and FHLB Borrowings: 
 Bank notes payable 5,085 9,603 (4,518) FHLB Advances 411 524 (113) Total bank and FHLB borrowings 5,496 10,127 (4,631) Total interest expense 58,678 49,671 9,007 
 (1) On August 1, 2024, the 2024 Notes matured. 
 (2) On August 31, 2023, the Company completed a public offering of 40.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.00 notes due 2028. The Notes will mature on September 1, 2028. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.000 per year, payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1, and December 1 each year, commencing on December 1, 2023. 
 (3) On May 30, 2024, the Company completed a public offering of 62.5 million aggregate principal amount of 8.500 notes due 2029. On June 3, 2024, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional 9.4 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes. The Notes will mature on June 1, 2029. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.500 per year, payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1, and December 1 each year, commencing on September 1, 2024. 
 (4) On September 16, 2024, the Company completed a public offering of 75.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.625 notes due 2029. The Notes will mature on October 15, 2029. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.625 per year, payable quarterly on January 15, April 15, July 15, and October 15 each year, commencing on January 15, 2025. 
 
 The increase in interest expense period over period is primarily from additional interest expense on deposits of 9.0 million. The Company also completed a public offering in August 2023, resulting in an additional 2.4 million of interest relating to the 2028 Notes, and public offerings in May and September 2024, resulting in an additional 2.2 million and 0.3 million, respectively, of interest relating to the 2029 Notes. The increase is partially offset by a 0.4 million reduction in interest due to the payoff of the 2024 Notes at maturity, as well as a 4.6 million reduction in interest on bank and FHLB borrowings. 

71 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for loan and lease credit losses represents the amount necessary to be charged against the current period s earnings to maintain the ACL on loans at a level that the Company believes is appropriate in relation to the estimated losses inherent in the loan portfolio. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there was a provision for credit losses of 16.7 million and 7.3 million, respectively. The increase was due to an increase in loans held for investment at amortized cost, specifically SBA 7(a) loans, as well as a sequential build of the ACL year over year due to higher growth in SBA 7(a) loans in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus the comparable period in 2023. 
 
 Net Interest Income and Margin 
 
 Average Balances and Yields. The following table presents information regarding average balances for assets and liabilities, the total dollar amounts of interest income and dividends from average interest-earning assets, the total dollar amount of interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, and the resulting average yields and costs. The yields and costs for the periods indicated are derived by dividing the income or expense by the average balances for assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods presented and annualizing that result. Loan fees are included in interest income on loans. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (as restated) 
 Average Balance Interest Average Yield / Rate Average Balance Interest Average Yield / Rate Interest-earning assets: Interest-earning balances in other banks 157,415 6,177 5.24 191,036 6,580 4.60 Investment securities 29,641 1,168 5.26 30,746 1,083 4.71 Loans held for sale 210,110 17,743 11.28 113,819 12,476 14.65 Loans held for investment 934,010 62,603 8.95 763,070 47,865 8.39 Total interest-earning assets 1,331,176 87,691 8.80 1,098,671 68,004 8.28 Less: Allowance for credit losses on loans (16,663) (3,205) Noninterest earning assets 206,952 199,296 Total assets 1,521,465 1,294,762 Interest-bearing liabilities Demand 33,442 282 1.13 22,705 23 0.13 Savings, Super NOW 252,295 9,603 5.08 109,302 4,021 4.92 Money Market 23,878 767 4.29 20,646 729 4.72 Time 239,477 9,103 5.08 177,672 5,965 4.49 Total deposits 549,092 19,755 4.81 330,325 10,738 4.35 Borrowings 641,106 38,923 8.11 676,764 38,933 7.69 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,190,198 58,678 6.59 1,007,089 49,671 6.59 Noninterest-bearing deposits 9,511 1,845 Noninterest-bearing liabilities 64,675 61,776 Shareholders equity 257,081 224,052 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 1,521,465 1,294,762 Net interest income and interest rate spread 29,013 2.21 18,333 1.68 Net interest margin 2.91 2.23 Ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest bearing liabilities 111.84 109.09 

72 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
 
 The following table sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on net interest income. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The total column represents the sum of the prior columns. For purposes of this table, increases or decreases attributable to changes in both rate and volume that cannot be segregated have been allocated proportionally based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 (as restated) Increase (Decrease) Due to Rate Volume Total Interest income: Interest-earning balances in other banks 755 (1,158) (403) Investment securities 124 (39) 85 Loans held for sale (576) 8,395 7,819 Loans held for investment 890 11,296 12,186 Total interest income 1,193 18,494 19,687 Interest expense: Demand 266 5 271 Savings, Super NOW 285 5,281 5,566 Money Market (76) 114 38 Time 1,068 2,074 3,142 Borrowings 2,042 (2,052) (10) Total interest expense 3,585 5,422 9,007 Net interest income (2,392) 13,072 10,680 

Noninterest Income 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024/2023 Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 
 (as restated) 
 Amount Percent Dividend income 1,128 1,397 (269) (19.3) Loan servicing asset revaluation (5,383) (1,566) (3,817) 243.7 Servicing income 14,922 13,304 1,618 12.2 Net gains on sales of loans 68,531 33,482 35,049 104.7 Net (loss) gain on loans under the fair value option (4,181) 12,588 (16,769) (133.2) Technology and IT support income 14,255 18,456 (4,201) (22.8) Electronic payment processing income 35,409 32,196 3,213 10.0 Other noninterest income 28,557 17,808 10,749 60.4 Total noninterest income 153,238 127,665 25,573 20.0 

Loan Servicing Asset Revaluation 
 The Company accounts for servicing assets in accordance with ASC Topic 860-50 - Transfers and Servicing - Servicing Assets and Liabilities. The Company earns servicing fees from the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans it originates and sells and from servicing the ALP portfolios of NCL JV and TSO JV. Servicing assets for loans originated by the Company s nonbank subsidiaries are measured at FV at each reporting date and the Company reports changes in the FV of servicing assets in earnings in the period in which the changes occur. The valuation model for servicing assets incorporates assumptions including, 
 73 

but not limited to, servicing costs, discount rate, prepayment rate, and default rate. Considerable judgment is required to estimate the fair value of servicing assets and, as such, these assets are classified as Level 3 in our fair value hierarchy. Servicing assets for loans originated by Newtek Bank are measured at LCM and amortized based on their estimated life, and impairment is recorded to the extent the amortized cost exceeds the asset s FV. 
 The decrease in loan servicing asset revaluation is due to the decrease in NSBF s total portfolio of investments during the wind-down. 
 
 Servicing Income, Net of Amortization 
 The increase in servicing income was related to an increase of 195.1 million in the average total loan portfolio for which we earn servicing income period over period. 

Net Gains on Sales of Loans 
 
 Net gains on sales of loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (as restated) Amount 
 Amount 
 Gains recognized on sales of loans 
 72,092 51,613 Losses recognized on sales of loans 
 (3,558) (18,131) Net gains on sales of loans 
 68,534 33,482 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (as restated) # of Loans Amount 
 # of Loans Amount 
 SBA loans originated 1,732 680,659 1,236 553,708 SBA guaranteed loans sold 1,449 501,570 1,235 418,576 Average sale price as a percent of principal balance 1 
 111.00 110.17 
 1 Realized gains greater than 110.00 must be split 50/50 with the SBA in accordance with SBA regulations. The realized gains recognized above reflect amounts net of split with the SBA. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the average sale price as a percent of principal balance was 111.00 compared to 110.17 for the prior period. The increase in sales prices in 2024 resulted from higher demand. The increase in overall net gains on sales of loans resulted from higher volumes of sales compared to the prior year at better market premiums than the prior year and the expectation of lower interest rates which would slow prepay speeds. 
 
 During the wind-down of NSBF s operations, NSBF will be required to continue to own its SBA 7(a) loans and PPP Loans in its SBA loan portfolio to maturity, liquidation, charge-off, or (subject to SBA s prior written approval) sale or transfer. In addition, SBL will continue to service and liquidate NSBF s SBA Loan Portfolio, including processing forgiveness and loan reviews for PPP Loans pursuant to an SBA approved lender service provider agreement with SBL. The Company will continue to measure NSBF s SBA 7(a) loan portfolio at fair value until the portfolio is completely runoff. The Company will report both realized and unrealized gains and losses relating to the fair value adjustments on the legacy NSBF SBA 7(a) portfolio. 

74 

Net Gain (Loss) on Loans Accounted for under the Fair Value Option 
 
 Net gain (loss) on loans accounted for under the fair value option for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (as restated) Change 
 SBA 7(a) Unguaranteed Loans (17,215) 12,132 (29,347) SBA 7(a) Guaranteed Loans 326 (615) 941 SBA 504 and Non-SBA Loans 12,709 1,071 11,638 Net Gain (Loss) on Loans Accounted for Under the Fair Value Option (4,180) 12,588 (16,768) 
 
 Net gain (loss) on loans accounted for under the fair value option relates to the guaranteed portions of SBA loans made which the Company sells into a secondary market, the unguaranteed portions of SBA loans made which the Company holds, SBA 504 loans that are held for sale, and ALP loans that are held for sale. This gain (loss) represents the fair value adjustment of loans . The amount of the gain (loss) is determined by the quantity of loans held for sale at quarter end, the change in secondary market pricing conditions, and the valuation of the loans that are not held for sale. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded unrealized losses on SBA 7(a) unguaranteed loans accounted for under the fair value option as the portfolio paid down. During the first nine months of 2023, the Company originated 157.4 million of SBA 7(a) loans and elected the fair value option on those loans, which led to increased gains. 

Technology and IT Support Income 
 
 Technology and IT support income decreased by 4.2 million from 18.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 14.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The overall decrease was due to a decrease in web hosting and IT support revenue. 

Other Noninterest Income 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, other noninterest income was related primarily to legal, packaging, prepayment, and late fees earned from SBA 7(a) loans and increased as a result of the higher number of SBA 7(a) loans originated of 1,732 loans compared to 1,236 loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase also includes 9.6 million of gains on joint ventures and non-control investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 3.1 million in the prior period. 

Non-Interest Expense 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024/2023 Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 
 (as restated) 
 Amount Percent Salaries and employee benefits expense 60,445 51,173 9,272 18.1 Technology services expense 8,624 10,007 (1,383) (13.8) Electronic payment processing expense 14,977 14,159 818 5.8 Professional services expense 11,237 9,766 1,471 15.1 Other loan origination and maintenance expense 9,391 6,930 2,461 35.5 Depreciation and amortization 1,570 2,271 (701) (30.9) Other general and administrative costs 14,326 13,814 512 3.7 Total other expense 120,570 108,120 12,450 11.5 
 
 75 

Salaries and Employee Benefits Expense 
 
 The increase in salaries and employee benefits was primarily attributable to an increase in entity headcount from 529 employees at September 30, 2023 to 570 employees at September 30, 2024, as well as an increase in the bonus pool accrual. 

Technology Services Expense 
 The 1.4 million decrease in technology services expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 corresponded with the 4.2 million decrease in technology and IT support income. 

Professional Services Expense 
 
 The increase in professional services expense period over period is primarily attributable to additional audit fees related to the completion of the Company s first annual audit as a financial holding company after the Acquisition of NBNYC and related audit services, including internal and external audit of controls and procedures, as well as costs associated with the anticipated NTS disposition. 

Other Loan Origination and Maintenance Expense 
 
 Origination and loan processing expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 9.4 million compared to 6.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the first quarter of 2024, the majority of loans were funded by Newtek Bank, which accounts for loans at amortized cost, net of deferred fees and costs, resulting in a portion of the loan origination fees being deferred and amortized over the life of the loan, compared to the first quarter of 2023, when most loans were funded by NSBF, which accounts for loans at fair value and expenses all origination fees at the time they are incurred. 

Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 The decrease in depreciation and amortization period over period is primarily attributable to the full amortization of intangible assets during the second half of 2023, which resulted in less amortization in 2024 compared to the prior year. 

Results of Segment Operations 
 
 The Company has four reportable segments Banking, Technology, NSBF, and Payments. A description of each segment and the methodologies used to measure financial performance is described in NOTE 19 SEGMENTS in the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Net income (loss) by operating segment is presented below: 
 
 Nine Months Ended 2024/2023 Increase/(Decrease) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (as restated) Amount Percent Banking 35,339 13,064 22,275 171 Technology (51) 1,799 (1,850) (103) NSBF (17,961) 21,560 (39,521) (183) Payments 14,173 9,452 4,721 50 Other 1,029 (9,395) 10,424 (111) Consolidated net income 32,529 36,480 (3,951) (11) 

Banking 
 
 The banking segment includes Newtek Bank as well as its consolidated subsidiary SBL. The financial results include the origination, sale, and servicing of SBA 7(a) loans, 504 loans, C I loans, CRE loans and ABL loans. In addition, the bank offers depository services. The results include 28.2 million of net interest income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 11.1 million of net interest income during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the first three quarters of 2024, the majority of loans were funded by Newtek Bank compared to the first three quarters of 2023, when all SBA 7(a) loans were funded by NSBF until it went into wind-down on April 13, 2023. 
 
 76 

Technology 
 
 Technology (NTS) provides website hosting, dedicated server hosting, cloud hosting, web design and development, internet marketing, e-commerce, data storage, backup and disaster recovery, and other related services including consulting and implementing technology solutions for enterprise and commercial clients across the U.S. As a result of commitments made to the Federal Reserve, the Company will divest or otherwise terminate the activities conducted by NTS by January 6, 2025, subject to any extension. 

NSBF 
 
 NSBF includes NSBF s legacy portfolio of SBA 7(a) loans held outside Newtek Bank. The decrease in net income is due to the wind-down of NSBF s operations. 

Payments 
 
 Payments includes NMS, POS and Mobil Money. Within the segment s results are 39.1 million of noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulting from marketing credit and debit card processing services, check approval services, processing equipment, and software, compared to 35.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net income also included 24.4 million and 24.0 million of noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Corporate and Other 
 
 Corporate and Other represents operations not considered to be reportable segments and/or general operating expenses of the Company, and includes the parent company, other non-bank subsidiaries including NIA, PMT, non-bank lending, including NALH (Newtek ALP Holdings) and our joint ventures, and elimination adjustments to reconcile the results of the operating segments to the consolidated financial statements prepared in conformity with GAAP. 

77 

Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 As disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K, the Company s prior year condensed, comparative financial statements have been adjusted to correct errors made in the Company s financial statements previously issued for the first, second, and third quarters of 2023. Results for the three months ended September 30, 2023 are presented as restated. Refer to our 2023 Form 10-K for further detail. 
 Summary 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reported net income of 11.9 million, or 0.45 per basic and diluted share, compared to net income of 10.9 million, or 0.43 per basic and diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The increase in net income was attributable to the following items: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (as restated) Change Net interest income after provision for credit losses 4,053 4,631 (578) Noninterest income 51,851 41,026 10,825 Noninterest expense 38,847 31,320 7,527 Net income before taxes 17,057 14,337 2,720 Income tax expense 5,123 3,418 1,705 Net income 11,934 10,919 1,015 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (as restated) Change Interest income Debt securities available-for-sale 334 436 (102) Loans and fees on loans 28,588 23,232 5,356 Other interest earning assets 2,349 3,068 (719) Total interest income 31,271 26,736 4,535 Interest expense Deposits 7,314 5,212 2,102 Notes and securitizations 11,482 11,005 477 Bank and FHLB borrowings 1,494 2,442 (948) Total interest expense 20,290 18,659 1,631 Net interest income 10,981 8,077 2,904 Provision for credit losses 6,928 3,446 3,482 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 
 4,053 4,631 (578) 
 78 

Interest Income 
 Loans and fees on loans: The 5.4 million increase in interest income on the Company s loan portfolio was attributable to an increase in interest rates as well as the average outstanding accrual portfolio of loans held for investment increasing to 1.2 billion from 788.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in the average outstanding accrual loan portfolio resulted from the origination of new SBA 7(a) loans period over period. 
 Other interest earning assets: The 0.7 million decrease in interest income from other interest earnings assets was attributable to a decrease in the average quarterly outstanding balance of interest-earning balances in other banks. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 The following is a summary of interest expense by facility for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (as restated) Change Deposits 
 7,314 5,212 2,102 Notes and securitizations: 
 Notes payable - Securitization Trusts 5,078 6,742 (1,664) 2024 Notes 201 606 (405) 2025 5.00 Notes 462 434 28 2025 8.125 Notes 1,147 1,158 (11) 2026 Notes 1,761 1,761 2028 Notes 1 
 887 304 583 2029 Notes 2 
 1,655 1,655 2029 Notes 3 
 291 291 Bank and FHLB Borrowings: 
 Bank notes payable 1,362 2,286 (924) FHLB Advances 132 156 (24) Total interest expense 20,290 18,659 1,631 
 (1) On August 31, 2023, the Company completed a public offering of 40.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.00 notes due 2028. The Notes will mature on September 1, 2028. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.000 per year, payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1, and December 1 each year, commencing on December 1, 2023. 
 (2) On May 30, 2024, the Company completed a public offering of 62.5 million aggregate principal amount of 8.50 notes due 2029, and on June 3, 2024, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional 9.4 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes. The Notes will mature on June 1, 2029. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.500 per year, payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1, and December 1 each year, commencing on September 1, 2024. 
 (3) On September 16, 2024, the Company completed a public offering of 75.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.625 notes due 2029. The Notes will mature on October 15, 2029. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.625 per year, payable quarterly on January 15, April 15, July 15, and October 15 each year, commencing on January 15, 2025. 
 
 The increase in interest expense period over period is primarily due to the Company s continued growth in deposits that increased interest expense by 2.1 million. In addition, there was additional interest expense on the 2028, 2029 8.50 , and 2029 8.625 Notes of 0.6 million, 1.7 million and 0.3 million, respectively. The increase was partially offset by a reduction in Notes payable - Securitization Trusts of 1.7 million, the 2024 Notes of 0.4 million, and Bank notes payable interest of 0.9 million. 

79 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for loan and lease credit losses represents the amount necessary to be charged against the current period s earnings to maintain the ACL on loans at a level that the Company believes is appropriate in relation to the estimated losses inherent in the loan portfolio. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there was a provision for loan credit losses of 6.9 million and 3.4 million, respectively. The increase was due to an increase in loans held for investment at amortized cost, specifically SBA 7(a) loans, as well as a sequential build of the provision year over year. 
 
 Net Interest Income and Margin 
 
 Average Balances and Yields. The following table presents information regarding average balances for assets and liabilities, the total dollar amounts of interest income and dividends from average interest-earning assets, the total dollar amount of interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, and the resulting average yields and costs. The yields and costs for the periods indicated are derived by dividing the income or expense by the average balances for assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods presented and annualizing that result. Loan fees are included in interest income on loans. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 (as restated) 
 Average Balance Interest Average Yield / Rate Average Balance Interest Average Yield / Rate Interest-earning assets: Interest-earning balances in other banks 171,193 2,349 5.46 238,677 3,068 5.10 Investment securities 25,472 334 5.22 36,408 436 4.75 Loans held for sale 248,507 6,634 10.62 137,106 5,647 16.34 Loans held for investment 971,396 21,954 8.99 818,865 17,585 8.52 Total interest-earning assets 1,416,568 31,271 8.78 1,231,056 26,736 8.62 Less: Allowance for credit losses on loans (21,152) (4,801) Noninterest earning assets 215,433 198,415 Total assets 1,610,849 1,424,670 Interest-bearing liabilities Demand 67,270 191 1.13 22,395 7 0.12 Savings, Super NOW 252,325 3,240 5.11 198,514 2,513 5.02 Money Market 30,049 311 4.12 30,082 369 4.87 Time 279,215 3,572 5.09 201,743 2,323 4.57 Total deposits 628,859 7,314 4.63 452,734 5,212 4.57 Borrowings 630,796 12,976 8.18 680,852 13,447 7.84 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,259,655 20,290 6.41 1,133,586 18,659 6.53 Noninterest-bearing deposits 10,893 1,073 Noninterest-bearing liabilities 65,413 60,105 Shareholders equity 274,888 229,906 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 1,610,849 1,424,670 Net interest income and interest rate spread 10,981 2.37 8,077 2.09 Net interest margin 3.08 2.60 Ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest bearing liabilities 112.46 108.60 
 80 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
 
 The following table sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on net interest income. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The total column represents the sum of the prior columns. For purposes of this table, increases or decreases attributable to changes in both rate and volume that cannot be segregated have been allocated proportionally based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 2024 vs. 2023 (as restated) Increase (Decrease) Due to Rate Volume Total Interest income: Interest-earning balances in other banks 150 (867) (717) Investment securities 28 (131) (103) Loans held for sale (3,603) 4,589 986 Loans held for investment 1,093 3,276 4,369 Total interest income (2,332) 6,867 4,535 Interest expense: Demand 170 14 184 Savings, Super NOW 46 681 727 Money Market (58) (58) Time 357 892 1,249 Borrowings 518 (989) (471) Total interest expense 1,033 598 1,631 Net interest income (3,365) 6,269 2,904 
 
 Non-Interest Income 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024/2023 Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 (as restated) Amount Percent Dividend income 374 388 (14) (3.6) Loan servicing asset revaluation (1,786) (1,951) 165 (8.5) Servicing income 4,958 4,602 356 7.7 Net gains on sales of loans 25,675 13,751 11,924 86.7 Net (loss) gain on loans under the fair value option (4,085) 2,809 (6,894) (245.4) Technology and IT support income 3,311 5,376 (2,065) (38.4) Electronic payment processing income 11,777 11,192 585 5.2 Other noninterest income 11,627 4,859 6,768 139.3 Total noninterest income 51,851 41,026 10,825 26.4 
 81 

Loan Servicing Asset Revaluation 
 The Company accounts for servicing assets in accordance with ASC Topic 860-50 - Transfers and Servicing - Servicing Assets and Liabilities. The Company earns servicing fees from the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans it originates and sells and from servicing the ALP portfolios owned by NCL JV and TSO JV. Servicing assets for loans originated by the Company s nonbank subsidiaries are measured at FV at each reporting date and the Company reports changes in the FV of servicing assets in earnings in the period in which the changes occur. The valuation model for servicing assets incorporates assumptions including, but not limited to, servicing costs, discount rate, prepayment rate, and default rate. Considerable judgment is required to estimate the fair value of servicing assets and as such these assets are classified as Level 3 in our fair value hierarchy. Servicing assets for loans originated by Newtek Bank are measured at LCM and amortized based on their estimated life and impairment is recorded to the extent the amortized cost exceeds the asset s FV. 
 The increase in loan servicing asset revaluation is due to the runoff of the servicing asset since NSBF is no longer originating loans during its wind-down of operations. 
 
 Servicing Income, Net of Amortization 
 The increase in servicing income was related to an increase of 143.6 million in the average total loan portfolio for which we earn servicing income period over period. 

Net Gains on Sales of Loans 
 
 Net gains on sales of loans for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (as restated) Amount 
 Amount 
 Gains recognized on sales of loans 
 27,340 19,038 Losses recognized on sales of loans 
 (1,661) (5,287) Net gains on sales of loans 
 25,679 13,751 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (as restated) # of Loans Amount 
 # of Loans Amount 
 SBA loans originated 639 226,513 515 209,939 SBA guaranteed loans sold 525 176,002 421 154,530 Average sale price as a percent of principal balance 1 
 110.78 109.73 
 1 Realized gains greater than 110.00 must be split 50/50 with the SBA in accordance with SBA regulations. The realized gains recognized above reflect amounts net of split with the SBA. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the average sale price as a percent of principal balance was 110.78 compared to 109.73 for the prior period. The increase in sales prices in 2024 resulted from higher demand. The increase in overall net gains on sales of loans resulted from higher volumes of sales at better market premiums compared to the prior year and the expectation of lower interest rates which would slow prepay speeds. 
 
 During the wind-down of NSBF s operations, NSBF will be required to continue to own its SBA 7(a) loans and PPP Loans in its SBA loan portfolio to maturity, liquidation, charge-off, or (subject to SBA s prior written approval), sale or transfer. In addition, SBL will continue to service and liquidate NSBF s SBA Loan Portfolio, including processing forgiveness and loan reviews for PPP Loans, pursuant to an SBA approved lender service provider agreement. The Company will continue to measure NSBF s SBA 7(a) loan portfolio at fair value until the portfolio is completely runoff. The Company will report both realized and unrealized gains and losses relating to the fair value adjustments on the legacy NSBF SBA 7(a) portfolio. 
 
 82 

Net Gain (Loss) on Loans Accounted for Under the Fair Value Option 
 
 Net gain (loss) on loans accounted for under the fair value option for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (as restated) Change 
 SBA 7(a) Unguaranteed Loans (11,538) 3,168 (14,706) SBA 7(a) Guaranteed Loans 300 (290) 590 SBA 504 and Non-SBA Loans 7,153 (69) 7,222 Net Gain (Loss) on Loans Accounted for Under the Fair Value Option (4,085) 2,809 (6,894) 
 
 Net gain (loss) on loans accounted for under the fair value option relates to the guaranteed portions of SBA loans made which the Company sells into a secondary market, the unguaranteed portions of SBA loans made which the Company holds, SBA 504 loans that are HFS, and ALP loans that are HFSh. This gain (loss) represents the fair value adjustment of loans . The amount of the gain (loss) is determined by the quantity of loans HFS at quarter end, the change in secondary market pricing conditions, and the valuation of the loans that are not HFS. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, there was an increase in the gain-on-sale pricing as compared to the prior period. 
 
 Technology and IT Support Income 
 
 Technology and IT support income decreased by 2.1 million from 5.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The overall decrease was due to a decrease in web hosting and IT support revenue. 
 
 Other Noninterest Income 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, other noninterest income related primarily to legal, packaging, prepayment, and late fees earned from SBA 7(a) loans and increased as a result of the higher volume of SBA 7(a) loans originated of 639 loans compared to 515 loans for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase also included a 5.7 million increase in gains on joint ventures and non-control investments. 
 
 Non-Interest Expense 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024/2023 Increase/(Decrease) 2024 2023 (as restated) Amount Percent Salaries and employee benefits expense 19,149 13,726 5,423 39.5 Technology services expense 1,796 2,738 (942) (34.4) Electronic payment processing expense 4,438 4,817 (379) (7.9) Professional services expense 3,929 3,170 759 23.9 Other loan origination and maintenance expense 4,132 1,836 2,296 125.1 Depreciation and amortization 517 730 (213) (29.2) Other general and administrative costs 4,886 4,303 583 13.5 Total other expense 38,847 31,320 7,527 24.0 
 
 Salaries and Employee Benefits Expense 
 
 The increase in salaries and employee benefits was primarily attributable to an increase in entity headcount from 529 employees at September 30, 2023 to 570 employees at September 30, 2024. 
 83 

Technology Services Expenses 
 
 The 0.9 million decrease in technology services expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 corresponded with the 2.1 million decrease in technology and IT support income. 
 
 Professional Services Expense 
 
 The increase in professional fees period over period is attributable to costs associated with the anticipated NTS disposition.during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the prior year that did not include expenses related to the disposition. 
 
 Other Loan Origination and Maintenance Expense 
 
 Origination and loan processing expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 4.1 million compared to 1.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change was due to the increase in loans originated during the period. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 The decrease in depreciation and amortization period over period is primarily attributable to the full amortization of intangible assets during the second half of 2023, which results in less amortization in 2024 as compared to the prior year. 
 
 Results of Segment Operations 
 
 The Company has four reportable segments Banking, Technology, NSBF, and Payments. A description of each segment and the methodologies used to measure financial performance is described in NOTE 19 SEGMENTS in the accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Net income (loss) by operating segment is presented below: 
 
 Three Months Ended 2024/2023 Increase/(Decrease) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (as restated) Amount Percent Banking 13,485 8,805 4,680 53 Technology 101 766 (665) (87) NSBF (10,791) 1,424 (12,215) (858) Payments 5,305 3,974 1,331 33 Other 3,834 (4,050) 7,884 (195) Consolidated net income 11,934 10,919 1,015 9 
 
 Banking 
 The banking segment includes Newtek Bank as well as its consolidated subsidiary SBL. The financial results include the origination and servicing of SBA 504 loans, SBA 7(a) loans, C I loans, CRE loans and ABL loans. In addition, the bank offers depository services. The results include 11.2 million of net interest income during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.1 million of net interest income during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Technology 
 Technology provides website hosting, dedicated server hosting, cloud hosting, web design and development, internet marketing, e-commerce, data storage, backup and disaster recovery, and other related services including consulting and implementing technology solutions for enterprise and commercial clients across the U.S. As a result of commitments made to the Federal Reserve, the Company will divest or otherwise terminate the activities conducted by NTS by January 6, 2025, subject to any extension. 
 84 

NSBF 
 NSBF relates to NSBF s legacy portfolio of SBA 7(a) loans held outside Newtek Bank. The decrease in net income is due to the wind-down of NSBF s operations. 
 
 Payments 
 Payments includes POS and Mobil Money. Within the segment s results are 12.7 million of noninterest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024, resulting from marketing credit and debit card processing services, check approval services, processing equipment, and software, compared to 12.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The net income also included 7.3 million and 7.8 million of noninterest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Corporate and Other 
 Corporate and Other represents operations not considered to be reportable segments and/or general operating expenses of the Company, and includes the parent company, other non-bank subsidiaries including NIA, PMT, non-bank lending, including NALH and our joint ventures, and elimination adjustments to reconcile the results of the operating segments to the consolidated financial statements prepared in conformity with GAAP. 

85 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 
 Our liquidity and capital resources are derived from our Notes payable - related parties, 2024 Notes, 2025 5.00 Notes, 2025 8.125 Notes, 2026 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2029 Notes, securitization transactions and cash flows from operations, including investment sales and repayments, and income earned. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our primary use of funds from operations included originations of loans and payments of fees and other operating expenses we incurred. We may raise additional equity or debt capital through both registered offerings off of a shelf registration, including at-the-market , or ATM, and private offerings of securities. On January 27, 2023, the Company submitted a Form S-3 with the SEC in order to commence the process of re-establishing an effective shelf registration statement. The registration statement on Form S-3 was declared effective by the SEC on July 27, 2023. On November 17, 2023, the Company entered into the 2023 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement. The 2023 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement provides that the Company may offer and sell up to 3,000,000 shares of Common Stock from time to time through the placement agents. 

Public Offerings 

ATM Program 
 
 The Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 was declared effective by the SEC on July 27, 2023. On November 17, 2023, the Company entered into the 2023 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement. The 2023 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement provides that the Company may offer and sell up to 3.0 million shares of Common Stock from time to time through the placement agents under the ATM Program. The Company may, subject to market conditions, engage in activity under the ATM Program. 
 
 The following table summarizes the total shares sold and net proceeds received under the 2023 ATM Equity Distribution Agreement: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Shares sold 1,100 Net weighted average price per share 12.56 Net proceeds 13,818 Placement agent fees paid 
 282 

2029 Notes 
 
 On May 30, 2024, the Company completed a registered offering of 71.9 million in aggregate principal amount of its 8.50 2029 Notes, which includes the underwriters exercise of the option granted by the Company to purchase an additional 9.4 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2029 8.50 Notes. The Company received 69.6 million in proceeds, before expenses, from the sale of the 2029 8.50 Notes. The 2029 8.50 Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.50 per year payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on September 1, 2024, and trade on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol NEWTG. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the 2029 8.50 Notes. 
 
 On September 16, 2024, the Company completed a public offering of 75.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.625 notes due 2029. The Notes will mature on October 15, 2029. The Company received 72.8 million in proceeds, before expenses, from the sale of the 2029 Notes. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.625 per year, payable quarterly on January 15, April 15, July 15, and October 15 each year, commencing on January 15, 2025. , and trade on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol NEWTH. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the 2029 8.625 Notes. 
 
 86 

2028 Notes 
 
 On August 31, 2023, the Company completed a registered offering of 40.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 8.00 2028 Notes, which includes the underwriters exercise of the option granted by the Company to purchase an additional 5.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes. The Company received 38.0 million in proceeds, before expenses, from the sale of the 2028 Notes. The 2028 Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.00 per year payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on December 1, 2023, and trade on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol NEWTI. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the 2028 Notes. 
 
 2026 Notes 
 
 In January 2021, the Company and the Trustee entered into the Seventh Supplemental Indenture to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee, relating to the Company s issuance, offer and sale of 115.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.50 2026 Notes, including 15.0 million in aggregate principal amount sold pursuant to a fully-exercised overallotment option. The sale of the 2026 Notes generated proceeds of approximately 111.3 million, net of underwriter's fees and expenses. The 2026 Notes are the Company s direct unsecured obligations and rank: (i) pari passu with the Company s other outstanding and future unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior to any of the Company s future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the 2026 Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to all the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which the Company subsequently grants security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 
 The 2026 Notes will mature on February 1, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option upon not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days written notice by mail prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.50 per year payable quarterly on February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing on May 1, 2021, and trade on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol NEWTZ. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the 2026 Notes. 
 
 The Base Indenture, and each supplemental indenture thereto, contains certain covenants. The Base Indenture provides for customary events of default and further provides that the Trustee or the holders of 25 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may declare such Notes immediately due and payable upon the occurrence of any event of default after expiration of any applicable grace period. In addition, the supplemental indentures for the 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes include covenants requiring the Company to comply with (regardless of whether it is subject to) the asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 18(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act as modified by Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act (or any successor provisions), to comply with (regardless of whether it is subject to) the restrictions on dividends, distributions and purchase of capital stock set forth in Section 18(a)(1)(B) of the 1940 Act as modified by Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act and to provide financial information to the holders of the 2026 Notes and the Trustee if the Company should no longer be subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act BDC Covenants ). These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Base Indenture, as supplemented by the supplemental indentures. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the Notes. 
 
 2024 Notes 
 
 In July 2019, the Company and the Trustee entered into the Fourth Supplemental Indenture to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee, relating to the Company s issuance, offer and sale of 55.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.75 2024 Notes. The Company granted an overallotment option of up to 8.25 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes. The sale of the 2024 Notes generated proceeds of approximately 53.2 million, net of underwriter's fees and expenses. In July 2019 the underwriters exercised their option to purchase 8.25 million in aggregate principal amount of 2024 Notes for an additional 8.0 million in net proceeds. On February 16, 2021 and May 20, 2021, the Company issued an additional 5.0 million and 10.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes, respectively. The new 2024 Notes were treated as a single series with the prior 2024 Notes and had the same terms as the prior 2024 Notes. 
 
 On December 29, 2021, the Company redeemed 40.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 78.25 million of principal amount of 2024 Notes outstanding at 100 of their principal amount 25 per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from November 1, 2021 through, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 
 87 

The 2024 Notes traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol NEWTL until the 2024 Notes matured on August 1, 2024. The 2024 Notes were also subject to BDC Covenants. 
 
 2025 Notes (Private Placements) 
 
 On November 27, 2020, the Company and Trustee entered into the Fifth Supplemental Indenture to the Base Indenture between the Company and the Trustee, relating to the issuance, offer and sale of 5.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 2025 6.85 Notes. The offering was consummated pursuant to the terms of a purchase agreement among the Company and an accredited investor, which provided for the 2025 6.85 Notes to be issued to the purchaser in a private placement in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The net proceeds from the sale of the notes were approximately 4.8 million, after deducting structuring fees and estimated offering expenses, each payable by the Company. The Company exercised its option to issue up to 10.0 million of additional 2025 6.85 Notes to the purchaser, and issued 10.0 million in additional 2025 6.85 Notes to the purchaser in an exempt offering in January 2021. 
 
 On March 31, 2022, the Company caused notices to be issued to the holder of its 2025 6.85 Notes regarding the Company s exercise of its option to redeem all 15.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes on May 2, 2022. The Notes were redeemed on May 2, 2022 100 of their principal amount 25 per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from February 28, 2022 through, but excluding, May 2, 2022. 
 
 On March 31, 2022, the Company completed a private placement of 15.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.00 notes due 2025 (2025 5.00 Notes). The offering was consummated pursuant to the terms of a purchase agreement dated March 31, 2022 among the Company and an accredited investor, which provided for the 2025 5.00 Notes to be issued to the purchaser in a transaction that relied on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act. The net proceeds from the sale of the notes were approximately 14.5 million, after deducting structuring fees and estimated offering expenses, each payable by the Company. The 2025 5.00 Notes are the Company s direct unsecured obligations and rank: (i) pari passu with the Company s other outstanding and future unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior to any of the Company s future indebtedness that expressly provides it is subordinated to the 2025 5.00 Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to all the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which the Company subsequently grants security), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries. Under the purchase agreement, the Company also issued an additional 15.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 5.0 Notes to the purchaser on May 2, 2022. The 2025 5.00 Notes were issued under the Base Indenture and the Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2022. The 2025 5.00 Notes will mature on March 31, 2025, and under the terms of the Indenture, the Notes are redeemable at any time, at the option of the Company, at a redemption price of 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof. 
 
 On January 23, 2023, we completed a private placement offering of 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.125 notes due 2025. The net proceeds from the sale of the notes were approximately 48.94 million after deducting estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Notes will mature on February 1, 2025. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.125 per year payable semiannually on February 1 and August 1 each year, commencing on August 1, 2023. 

NSBF Capital One Facility 
 Prior to October 2023, NSBF maintained a 150.0 million Capital One facility to finance NSBF s origination of unguaranteed and guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans. The portion of the facility collateralized by the government guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans had an interest rate of Prime minus 0.75 and the interest rate on the portion of the facility collateralized by the non-guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans was Prime plus 0.25 . The facility provided for a 55 advance rate on the non-guaranteed portions of the SBA 7(a) loans NSBF originated, and a 90 advance rate on the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans NSBF originated and a 90 advance rate on the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans NSBF originated. NSBF ceased originating new loans in April 2023. On May 7, 2020, NSBF amended the facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date on which the credit facility converted into a term loan for a period of three years to May 7, 2023, with the term loan maturing on May 7, 2025. The NSBF Capital One facility was paid off and terminated in October of 2023. 
 88 

Securitization Transactions 
 
 From 2010 through June 2023, NSBF engaged in thirteen (13) securitizations of the unguaranteed portions of its SBA 7(a) loans. In the securitizations, NSBF used a special purpose entity (the Trust which is considered a variable interest entity. Applying the consolidation requirements for VIEs under the accounting rules in ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing, and ASC Topic 810, Consolidation, which became effective January 1, 2010, the Company determined that as the primary beneficiary of the securitization vehicle, based on its power to direct activities through its role as servicer for the Trust and its obligation to absorb losses and right to receive benefits, it needed to consolidate the Trusts. NSBF therefore consolidated the entity using the carrying amounts of the Trust s assets and liabilities. NSBF reflects the legacy portfolio of SBA 7(a) loans and reflects the associated financing in Notes Payable - Securitization trusts on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 In June 2023, NSBF completed its thirteenth securitization which resulted in the transfer of 103.9 million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2023-1 Trust. The 2023-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of 103.9 million, consisting of 84.3 million of Class A notes and 19.6 million Class B notes, against the 2023-1 Trust assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A- and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is October 2049. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at an average rate of 30-day average compounded SOFR plus 3.24 across both classes. 
 
 In September 2022, NSBF completed its twelfth securitization which resulted in the transfer of 116.2 million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2022-1 Trust. The 2022-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of 116.2 million, consisting of 95.4 million of Class A notes and 20.8 million Class B notes, against the 2022-1 Trust assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A- and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is October 2049. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at an average rate of 30-day average compounded SOFR plus 2.97 across both classes. 
 
 In December 2021, NSBF completed its eleventh securitization which resulted in the transfer of 103.4 million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2021-1 Trust. The 2021-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of 103.4 million, consisting of 79.7 million of Class A notes and 23.8 million Class B notes, against the 2021-1 Trust assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is December 2048. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at an average rate of adjusted SOFR plus 1.92 across both classes. 
 
 In October 2019, NSBF completed its tenth securitization which resulted in the transfer of 118.9 million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2019-1 Trust. The 2019-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of 118.9 million, consisting of 93.5 million of Class A notes and 25.4 million Class B notes, against the 2019-1 Trust assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is December 2044. The Class A and Class B notes bear interest at an average rate of adjusted SOFR plus 1.83 across both classes. In October, 2024, the 2019-1 Trust was terminated as a result of NSBF purchasing the 2019-1 Trust assets, with the 2019-1 Trust s noteholders receiving the redemption price. 

In November 2018, NSBF completed its ninth securitization which resulted in the transfer of 108.6 million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2018-1 Trust. The 2018-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of 108.6 million, consisting of 82.9 million Class A notes and 25.7 million of Class B notes, against the assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is February 2044. In October, 2024, the 2018-1 Trust was terminated as a result of NSBF purchasing the 2018-1 Trust assets, with the 2018-1 Trust s noteholders receiving the redemption price. 
 
 In December 2017, NSBF completed its eighth securitization which resulted in the transfer of 76.2 million of unguaranteed portions of SBA loans to the 2017-1 Trust. The 2017-1 Trust in turn issued securitization notes for the par amount of 75.4 million, consisting of 58.1 million Class A notes and 17.3 million of Class B notes, against the assets in a private placement. The Class A and Class B notes received an A and BBB- rating by S P, respectively, and the final maturity date of the notes is February 2043. On February 27, 2023, the 2017-1 Trust was terminated as a result of NSBF purchasing the 2017-1 Trust assets, with the 2017-1 Trust s noteholders receiving the redemption price. 
 
 89 

Regulatory Capital 
 
 The Company strives to maintain prudent capital levels to absorb risk and maximizing returns to shareholders. The Company and Newtek Bank are primarily constrained by the Total Capital and Leverage ratios given the mix of assets vis-a-vis capital. 
 
 Capital amounts and ratios for the Company as of September 30, 2024 are presented in the table below: 
 Actual 
 For Capital Adequacy Purposes 1 
 For Consideration as Well-Capitalized 
 NewtekOne, Inc. - September 30, 2024 Amount 
 Ratio Amount 
 Ratio Amount 
 Ratio Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) 218,604 13.9 62,703 4.0 N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 218,604 17.7 55,678 4.5 N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 218,604 17.7 74,237 6.0 N/A N/A Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 253,942 20.5 98,983 8.0 N/A N/A 
 1 Exclusive of the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. 
 
 Capital amounts and ratios for Newtek Bank as of September 30, 2024, are presented in the table below. As of September 30, 2024, Newtek Bank was categorized as well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action measures and met the capital conservation buffer requirements. 
 Actual 
 For Capital Adequacy Purposes 1 
 For Consideration as Well-Capitalized 
 Newtek Bank - September 30, 2024 Amount 
 Ratio Amount 
 Ratio Amount 
 Ratio Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) 112,836 13.3 33,941 4.0 42,426 5.0 Common Equity Tier 1 (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 112,836 15.5 32,742 4.5 47,294 6.5 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 112,836 15.5 43,656 6.0 58,208 8.0 Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 122,144 16.8 58,207 8.0 72,759 10.0 
 1 Exclusive of the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. 

Cash Flows and Liquidity 
 The following table summarizes the Company s available sources of liquidity as of September 30, 2024: 
 Availability as of 
 September 30, 2024 Unrestricted cash 9,688 Lines of credit at other commercial banks 
 85,758 Newtek Bank: Interest bearing deposits in banks 
 152,805 FHLB borrowing availability 49,198 Lines of credit at other financial institutions 30,000 Total liquidity sources 327,449 

The Company has restricted cash of 27.9 million as of September 30, 2024. NSBF holds 11.0 million of the Company s restricted cash, which includes reserves in the event payments are insufficient to cover interest and/or principal with respect to securitizations and loan principal and interest collected which are due to loan participants. In addition, the Company has 10.0 million in a restricted cash account to fund certain of NSBF s potential obligations to the SBA pursuant to the Wind-down Agreement. of which the Company is a guarantor. The majority of the Company s remaining restricted cash is related to payroll processing by PMT, our subsidiary. 
 
 90 

The Company generated and used cash as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (as restated) Net cash used in operating activities (61,419) (101,474) Net cash used in investing activities (122,833) (138,220) Net cash provided by financing activities 192,132 315,475 Net increase in cash and restricted cash 7,880 75,781 Cash and restricted cash beginning of period (Note 2) 184,006 125,606 Consolidation/(deconsolidation) of cash and restricted cash from controlled investments related to business combinations and dispositions, net of cash paid (1,464) 22,306 Cash and restricted cash end of period (Note 2) 190,422 223,693 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating activities used cash of 61.4 million, consisting primarily of 799.6 million of funding loans held for sale. This use of cash was offset by (i) 598.2 million of proceeds from the sale of loans; and (ii) 14.5 million of principal payments received from loans held for sale. 
 Cash used by investing activities was 122.8 million primarily comprised (i) 179.0 million in the net increase in loans held for investment, at cost and (ii) 5.5 million in contributions to non-consolidating joint ventures. These uses were partially offset by a 53.2 million net decrease in loans held for investment, at fair value and 8.6 million in maturities of available-for-sale securities. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 192.1 million consisting primarily of a (i) 185.0 million net increase in deposits; (ii) 71.9 million of net proceeds from the 2029 8.50 Notes; (iii) 75.0 million of net proceeds from the 2029 8.625 Notes, and (iv) 13.8 million in proceeds from common shares sold, net of offering costs. These sources of cash were offset by (i) 68.9 million of principal payments related to securitization notes payable (ii) 38.3 million redemption of the 2024 Notes, (iii) 18.7 million net paydowns on bank notes payable, and (iv) 15.0 million of dividends paid. 
 91 

Contractual Obligations 
 The following table represents the Company s obligations and commitments as of September 30, 2024. Amounts represent principal only and are not shown net of unamortized debt issuance costs. See NOTE 12 BORROWINGS. 
 Payments due by period Contractual Obligations Total 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Deposits: 
 Demand 11,040 11,040 Checking 67,204 67,204 Money market 56,482 56,482 Savings 257,958 257,958 Time deposits 256,774 120,204 79,340 36,059 20,361 671 139 Webster NMS Note 1 
 33,891 997 3,987 5,981 22,926 FHLB Advances 15,799 3,496 4,955 2,094 5,254 SPV I Capital One Facility 1 
 7,600 7,600 SPV II Deutsche Bank Facility 1 
 346 346 SPV III One Florida Bank Facility 1 
 Securitization Notes Payable 227,301 227,301 Parent Company Notes: 
 2025 5.00 Notes 30,000 30,000 2025 8.125 Notes 50,000 50,000 2026 Notes 115,000 115,000 2028 Notes 40,000 40,000 2029 8.625 Notes 75,000 75,000 2029 8.50 Notes 71,875 71,875 Employment Agreements 1,768 866 902 Operating Leases 5,180 527 2,147 2,028 478 Totals 1,323,218 519,120 178,931 161,162 49,019 40,671 374,315 
 1 Guaranteed by the parent company 

Guarantees 
 
 The Company is a guarantor on several warehouse lines of credit as noted in the above table under Contractual Obligations. Refer to NOTE 12 BORROWINGS to the consolidated financial statements for the amounts outstanding, line availability, and term. The Company is also a guarantor on an NMS term loan facility. At September 30, 2024, the Company determined that it is not probable that payments would be required to be made under the guarantees. The Company is also a guarantor on certain of NSBF s potential obligations to the SBA pursuant to the Wind-down Agreement. Specifically, pursuant to the Wind-down Agreement, the Company has guaranteed NSBF s obligations to the SBA for post-purchase repairs or denials on the guaranteed portion of 7(a) Loans sold by NSBF on the secondary market or servicing/liquidation post-purchase repairs or denial, and has funded a 10.0 million restricted cash account at Newtek Bank to secure these potential obligations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following items as critical accounting policies for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024. 
 92 

Fair Value Measurements 
 
 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, we valued instruments for which market quotations are readily available at their market quotations. However, a readily available market value did not exist for many of the instruments in our portfolio, and we valued these instruments at fair value as determined in good faith by our management under our valuation policy and process. We may have sought pricing information with respect to certain of our instruments from pricing services or brokers or dealers in order to value such instruments. We also employed independent third party valuation firms for certain of our instruments for which there is not a readily available market value. 
 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of our instruments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the instruments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value existed for such instruments and may differ materially from values that may ultimately be received or settled. 
 
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels for disclosure purposes. 
 
 The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority (Level 1) to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and gives the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 
 Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets and liabilities include debt and equity securities and derivative contracts that are traded in an active exchange market, as well as certain U.S. Treasury, other U.S. Government and agency mortgage-backed debt securities that are highly liquid and are actively traded in over-the-counter markets. Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets and liabilities include debt securities with quoted prices that are traded less frequently than exchange-traded instruments and derivative contracts whose value is determined using a pricing model with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. This category generally includes certain U.S. Government and agency mortgage-backed debt securities, derivative contracts and loans held-for-sale. Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. This category generally includes certain private equity investments, retained residual interests in securitizations, residential mortgage servicing assets, warrant liabilities, joint ventures, guaranteed loans held at fair value, and highly structured or long-term derivative contracts. 

Valuation of Instruments 
 
 Level 1 assets and liabilities were valued using quoted market prices. Level 2 assets and liabilities were valued using market consensus prices that are corroborated by observable market data and quoted market prices for similar assets and liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities were valued at fair value as determined in good faith by the Board, based on input of management, the audit committee and independent valuation firms that were engaged at the direction of the Board to assist in the valuation of certain portfolio investments without a readily available market quotation at least once during a trailing twelve-month period under a valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. 
 For certain investments, the Company generally calculated the fair value of the investment primarily based on the NAV of the entity and adjusted the fair value for other factors that would affect the fair value of the investment. The Company used this valuation approach for its investment in its joint ventures. 
 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of Level 3 investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that may ultimately be received or settled. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal and other restrictions or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded instruments. If the Company were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, the Company may realize significantly less than the value at which such investment had previously been recorded. 
 
 93 

The Company s investments are subject to market risk. Market risk is the potential for changes in the value due to market changes. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the investments are traded. See NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION under the heading Fair Value Measurements and NOTE 10 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS for a detailed discussion of determining fair value, including pricing validation processes. 
 
 We believe our portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 approximates fair value as of those dates based on the markets in which we operate and other conditions in existence on those reporting dates. 
 
 As of January 6, 2023, the Company no longer qualifies as a regulated investment company for federal income tax purposes and no longer qualifies for accounting treatment as an investment company and therefore, we no longer fair value the investments in our portfolio companies. During this wind-down of NSBF s operations, NSBF will be required to continue to own its SBA 7(a) loans and PPP Loans in its SBA loan portfolio to maturity, liquidation, charge-off, or (subject to SBA s prior written approval), sale or transfer. In addition, NSBF will be required to continue to service and liquidate its SBA Loan Portfolio, including processing forgiveness and loan reviews for PPP Loans, pursuant to an SBA approved lender service provider agreement with SBL. The Company will continue to measure NSBF s SBA 7(a) loan portfolio at fair value until the portfolio is completely runoff. The Company reports both realized and unrealized gains and losses relating to the fair value adjustments on the legacy NSBF SBA 7(a) portfolio. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The allowance for credit losses consists of the allowance for credit losses and the reserve for unfunded commitments. As a result of the Company s Acquisition the adoption of ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments CECL and its related amendments, we developed a methodology for estimating the reserve for credit losses. The standard replaced the incurred loss approach with an expected loss approach known as current expected credit loss. The CECL approach requires an estimate of the credit losses expected over the life of an exposure (or pool of exposures). It removes the incurred loss approach s threshold that delayed the recognition of a credit loss until it was probable a loss event was incurred. The estimate of expected credit losses under the CECL approach is based on relevant information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amounts. Historical loss experience is generally the starting point for estimating expected credit losses. The Company then considers whether the historical loss experience should be adjusted for asset-specific risk characteristics or current conditions at the reporting date that did not exist over the period from which historical experience was used. Finally, the Company considers forecasts about future economic conditions that are reasonable and supportable. The reserve for unfunded commitments represents the expected credit losses on off-balance sheet commitments such as unfunded commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. However, a liability is not recognized for commitments unconditionally cancellable by the Company. The reserve for unfunded commitments is determined by estimating future draws and applying the expected loss rates on those draws. 
 
 Management of the Company considers the accounting policy relating to the allowance for credit losses to be a critical accounting policy given the uncertainty in evaluating the level of the allowance required to cover management s estimate of all expected credit losses over the expected contractual life of our loan portfolio. Determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex and requires judgment by management about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Subsequent evaluations of the then-existing loan portfolio and other financial assets to which CECL applies, in light of the factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the allowance for credit losses in those future periods. While management s current evaluation of the allowance for credit losses indicates that the allowance is appropriate, the allowance may need to be increased under adversely different conditions or assumptions. Going forward, the impact of utilizing the CECL approach to calculate the reserve for credit losses will be significantly influenced by the composition, characteristics, and quality of our loan portfolio, as well as the prevailing economic conditions and forecasts utilized. Material changes to these and other relevant factors may result in greater volatility in the reserve for credit losses, and therefore, greater volatility to our reported earnings. 
 
 Consideration of losses occurs when serious doubt regarding the repayment of the loan is present. For real estate loans, current appraisals will aid in determining the amount to be charged off. For commercial loans, collateral valuations and borrower guarantees should be considered; however, weight to these two sources should be limited. Once a deficiency in collateral is determined, a reserve equal to the deficiency should be made immediately to the Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL). A charge off should be made within 90 days if a full analysis confirms the deficiency cannot be covered via additional collateral or resources of the borrower or guarantors. 
 
 94 

Nonaccrual Loans 
 
 As a general rule, the Company does not accrue interest, amortize deferred net loan fees or costs, or accrete discount on any loan (1) which is maintained on a cash basis because of deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower, (2) for which payment in full of principal or interest is not expected, or (3) upon which principal or interest has been in default for a period of 90 days or more unless the asset is both well secured and in the process of collection. 
 
 A loan is well secured if it is secured (1) by collateral in the form of liens on or pledges of real or personal property, including securities, that have a realizable value sufficient to discharge the debt (including accrued interest) in full, or (2) by the guarantee of a financially responsible party. A loan is in the process of collection if collection of the asset is proceeding in due course either (1) through legal action, including judgment enforcement procedures, or (2) in appropriate circumstances, through collections efforts not involving legal action which are reasonably expected to result in repayment of the debt or in its restoration to a current status in the near future. 
 
 A non-accrual loan may be restored to accrual status when (1) none of its principal and interest is due and unpaid, and the Company expects repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest, or (2) when it otherwise becomes well secured in the process of collection. If any interest payments received while the asset was in nonaccrual status were applied to reduce the recorded investment in, or the amortized cost basis of, the asset, as applicable, the application of these payments to the asset s recorded investment or amortize cost basis, as applicable should not be reversed (and interest income should not be credited) when the asset is returned to accrual status. 

Valuation of Servicing Assets 
 
 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, the Company accounted for servicing assets in accordance with ASC Topic 860-50 - Transfers and Servicing - Servicing Assets and Liabilities. The Company and Newtek Bank earn servicing fees from the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans they originate and sell. Servicing assets for loans originated by the Company s nonbank subsidiaries are measured at FV at each reporting date and the Company reports changes in the FV of servicing assets in earnings in the period in which the changes occur. The valuation model for servicing assets incorporates assumptions including, but not limited to, servicing costs, discount rate, prepayment rate, and default rate. Considerable judgment is required to estimate the fair value of servicing assets and as such these assets are classified as Level 3 in our fair value hierarchy. Servicing assets for loans originated by Newtek Bank are measured at LCM and amortized based on their estimated life and impairment is recorded to the extent the amortized cost exceeds the asset s FV. 

Income Recognition 
 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, management reviewed all loans that became 90 days or more past due on principal or interest or when there was reasonable doubt that principal or interest would be collected for possible placement on management s designation of non-accrual status. Interest receivable was analyzed regularly and reserved against when deemed uncollectible. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans were recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans were restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest was paid and, in management s judgment, were likely to remain current, although there may have been exceptions to this general rule if the loan had sufficient collateral value and was in the process of collection. 
 
 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, we received servicing income related to the guaranteed portions of SBA loan investments which we sell into the secondary market. These recurring fees were earned and recorded daily. Servicing income was earned for the full term of the loan or until the loan is repaid. 
 
 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, we received a variety of fees from borrowers in the ordinary course of conducting our business, including packaging fees, legal fees, late fees and prepayment fees. All other income was recorded when earned. 
 
 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, distributions of earnings from our joint ventures were evaluated to determine if the distribution is income, return of capital or realized gain. 
 
 Following our January 2023 conversion to a financial holding company, we generate income in the form of interest, servicing and other fee income on the loans we originate. In addition, our portfolio companies became consolidating subsidiaries of the Company in 2023 and therefore, under the new organizational structure, their income is consolidated within the statement of operations along with our joint ventures. With the inclusion of NMS, NIA, PMT, and NTS, we now report Technology and IT support income and Electronic payment processing income on our Consolidated Statements of Income, and we include insurance commissions income and payroll processing income within Other noninterest income. 
 95 

Determination of Provision for Income Taxes and Related Accounts 
 
 Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in the United States. We file income tax returns in approximately 47 jurisdictions: federal, state, and local. The laws and regulations of each jurisdiction are complex and may be subject to different interpretations. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining consolidated income tax expense for each jurisdiction. Our interpretations of tax laws are subject to audits by various jurisdictions. Potential difference in the interpretation or changes in the tax laws may result in additional accrual of income tax expense or benefit, which could be material to our reported results. We consistently monitor new and reassess existing tax laws for changes and adjust our tax estimates accordingly. 
 
 Our provision for income taxes is comprised of current and deferred income taxes. Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and recent results of operations. In projecting future taxable income, we begin with historical results adjusted for changes in accounting policies and incorporate assumptions about the amount of future state, federal, and foreign pretax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences, and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three years of cumulative operating income (loss). 
 
 At least annually, we consider existing evidence, both positive and negative, that could impact our view with regard to future realization of deferred tax assets. We currently hold deferred tax asset attributes related to net operating tax loss carryforwards. We perform regular assessments to determine whether our tax attributes are realizable. As of December 31, 2023, we continue to believe it is more likely than not that the benefit for certain state net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized. 
 
 For additional information regarding our provision for income taxes, refer to NOTE 18 INCOME TAXES. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements and New Accounting Standards 
 
 Refer to NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES for information on recently adopted accounting pronouncements and new accounting standards. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into various transactions to meet the financing needs of clients, which, in accordance with GAAP, are not included in the consolidated balance sheets. These transactions may include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, and the construction phase of SBA 504 loans, which involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. The SBA 504 loans are expected to partially draw, if not fully draw. All off-balance sheet commitments are included in the determination of the amount of risk-based capital that the Company and Newtek Bank are required to hold. 
 
 The Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of non-performance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, and commercial letters of credit is represented by the contractual or notional amount of those instruments. The Company manages risk of exposure to credit losses under these commitments by subjecting them to credit approval and monitoring procedures. The Company assesses the credit risk associated with certain commitments to extend credit and establishes a liability for probable credit losses. 
 
 Further information related to financial instruments can be found in NOTE 14 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 96 

On November 1, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program granting the Company authority to repurchase up to 1.0 million shares of Company common stock during the next twelve months. The actual timing and amount of any repurchases under the plan will be determined by the Company in its discretion, and will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions, applicable legal requirements, the Company's capital needs and whether there is a better alternative use of capital. The Company has no obligation to repurchase any amount of its common stock under its new stock repurchase program. 
 
 Early Redemption of Securitization Notes Issued by the 2018-1 Trust and 2019-1 Trust 
 
 On October 23, 2024, the Company executed an early redemption of the NSBF securitization notes (the 2018 and 2019 Notes issued by the 2018-1 and 2019-1 Trusts. The balance on the 2018 and 2019 Notes as of September 30, 2024, was 25.4 million, and the Company paid 18.3 million out of interest bearing deposits in banks and 6.9 million out of restricted cash. 
 
 SBA 504 Loans Sale 
 
 On October 30, 2024, the Company executed a sale, to a third party, of 12.5 million of SBA 504 first lien loans at par, servicing retained. 

97 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 We consider the principal types of risk in our business activities to be fluctuations in interest rates, the ability to raise funds (deposits, debt, and or equity) to fund our operations, and the availability of the secondary market for our SBA loans. Risk management systems and procedures are designed to identify and analyze our risks, to set appropriate policies and limits and to continually monitor these risks and limits by means of reliable administrative and information systems and other policies and programs. 
 
 The Company s interest rate profile on loans is based on a mix of fixed and variable rates. The same is true for its sources of funding (deposits, warehouse lines of credit, securitization trust notes, public notes, etc.). Some of our assets and liabilities are match funded, meaning that the interest rate and duration profiles are closely linked. Managing interest rate risk with matched funding means that movements in interest rates are expected to largely offset between income from assets and expenses on liabilities. For the remainder of our balance sheet, we largely take a portfolio approach to managing interest rate and liquidity risk that is inherently imprecise. 
 
 The Company depends on the availability of secondary market purchasers of our loans held for sale, but primarily for the guaranteed portions of SBA loans and the premium received on such sales to support its lending operations. Sale prices for guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans could be negatively impacted by market conditions, in particular a higher interest rate environment, which typically lead to higher prepayments during the period, resulting in lower sale prices in the secondary market. A reduction in the price of guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans or disruptions in the markets to which we sell could negatively impact our business. 

The Company s invested cash (includes cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash) of approximately 190.4 million is subject to changes in the Federal Funds rate set by the Federal Open Market Committee. We do not purchase or hold derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. All of our transactions are conducted in U.S. dollars and we do not have any foreign currency or foreign exchange risk. We do not trade commodities or have any commodity price risk. 

We believe that we have placed our cash investments and their equivalents, which include deposits at other institutions, with high credit-quality financial institutions. As of September 30, 2024, cash deposits in excess of insured amounts totaled approximately 32.5 million. The Company and its non-bank subsidiaries have deposit accounts at Newtek Bank that total 96.3 million, of which 93.4 million is uninsured. 

Interest rate risk is a significant market risk and can result from timing and volume differences in the repricing of rate-sensitive assets and liabilities, widening or tightening of credit spreads, changes in the general level of market interest rates and changes in the shape and level of market yield curves. The Company manages the interest rate sensitivity of interest-bearing liabilities and interest-earning assets in an effort to minimize the adverse effects of changes in the interest rate environment balanced against maximizing profit. Management of interest rate risk is carried out primarily through strategies involving available-for-sale securities, loan and lease portfolio, and available funding sources. 
 
 The Newtek Bank board of directors has established an Asset/Liability Committee (the ALCO Committee to oversee the implementation of an effective process for managing the risk profile inherent in Newtek Bank s balance sheet and related business activities as well as the ongoing monitoring and reporting thereon. Risks inherent in Newtek Bank s balance sheet include interest rate risk (i.e., the risk to liquidity and capital resulting from changes in interest rates), liquidity risk (the risk to the availability of funds to execute its business strategy and meet its obligations), and similar risks. The ALCO Committee, subject to Newtek Bank board approval, is responsible for establishing policies, risk limits and capital levels (collectively ALM Policies as well overseeing and monitoring compliance therewith. Newtek Bank s ALM Policies set forth a risk management framework relating to managing liquidity, managing fluctuations in interest rates, capital management, investments, and hedging and the use of derivatives. The ALCO Committee and Newtek Bank s board may implement additional policies and procedures relating to these areas in order to manage risk to an appropriate level. 
 
 The matching of assets and liabilities may be analyzed by examining the extent to which such assets and liabilities are interest rate sensitive. An asset or liability is said to be interest rate sensitive within a specific time period if it will mature or reprice within that time period. The Company analyzes interest rate sensitivity position to manage the risk associated with interest rate movements through the use of two simulation models: economic value of equity EVE and net interest income NII simulations. These simulations project both short-term and long-term interest rate risk under a variety of instantaneous parallel rate shocks applied to a static balance sheet. The EVE simulation provides a long-term view of interest rate risk because it analyzes all of the Company s future cash flows. EVE is defined as the present value of the Company s assets, less the present value of its liabilities, adjusted for any off-balance sheet items. The results show a theoretical change in the economic value of shareholders equity as interest rates change. 
 
 98 

EVE and NII simulations are completed routinely on Newtek Bank s balance sheet and presented to the ALCO Committee. Other positions outside of Newtek Bank are typically match funded or hedged with instruments that have similar terms and/or interest rate features. The simulations provide an estimate of the impact of changes in interest rates on equity and net interest income under a range of assumptions. The numerous assumptions used in the simulation process are provided to the ALCO Committee on at least an annual basis. Changes to these assumptions can significantly affect the results of the simulation. The simulation incorporates assumptions regarding the potential timing in the repricing of certain assets and liabilities when market rates change and the changes in spreads between different market rates. The simulation analysis incorporates management s current assessment of the risk that pricing margins will change adversely over time due to competition or other factors. Simulation analysis is only an estimate of interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time. The Company regularly models various forecasted rate projections with non-parallel shifts that are reflective of potential current rate environment outcomes. Under these scenarios, the Company s interest rate risk profile may increase in asset sensitivity, decrease in asset sensitivity, or depending on the scenario and timing of anticipated rate changes, may transition to a liability sensitive interest rate risk profile. Regular, robust modeling of various interest rate outcomes allows the Company to properly assess and manage potential risks from various rate shifts. 
 
 Estimated Changes in EVE and NII. The table below sets forth, as of September 30, 2024, the estimated changes in our (i) EVE that would result from the designated instantaneous changes in the forward rate curves; and (ii) NII that would result from the designated instantaneous changes in the U.S. Treasury yield curve, Prime Rate and the Secured Overnight Finance Rate. Computations of prospective effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on numerous assumptions including relative levels of market interest rates, loan prepayments and deposit decay, and should not be relied on as indicative of actual results. 
 
 Basis Point ("bp") Change in Estimated Increase/Decrease in Net Interest Income Estimated Percentage Change in EVE Interest Rates 12 Months Beginning September 30, 2024 12 Months Beginning September 30, 2025 As of September 30, 2024 +200 16.6 15.9 2.5 +100 7.7 7.4 1.3 -100 (9.3) (9.1) (1.5) -200 (18.1) (17.9) (3.1) 
 
 Rates are increased instantaneously at the beginning of the projection. The Company is asset sensitive, as the Company s variable rate loan portfolio reprices the full amount of the assumed change in interest rates, while fixed-rate Company notes will reprice on maturity and the retail savings and short-term retail certificates of deposits portfolio will reprice with an assumed beta. Interest rates do not normally move all at once or evenly over time, but management believes that the analysis is useful to understanding the potential direction and magnitude of net interest income changes due to changing interest rates. 
 
 The EVE analysis shows that the Company would theoretically modestly increase market value in a rising rate environment. The EVE asset sensitivity results from the combination of fixed-rate debt and variable-rate debt which funds the variable-rate loan portfolio outside of Newtek Bank. 

99 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 (the end of the period covered by this report), management evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). 
 
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, management concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024, due to certain identified material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting ICFR that are described in Part II, Item 9A of our 2023 Form 10-K. A material weakness (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in ICFR such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will be presented or not detected on a timely basis. 
 
 Based on additional analysis and other procedures performed by the Company, management concluded that the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects the Company s financial position, results of operations, capital position, and cash flows for the periods presented, in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 
 Except as described below under Remediation Process, there were no changes in the Company s ICFR (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s ICFR. 
 
 Remediation Process 
 
 Following the identification of the material weaknesses to which are referred above, with the oversight of the Audit Committee of our board of directors Audit Committee and Board, respectively), we commenced a process to remediate the underlying causes of those material weaknesses, enhance the control environment and strengthen our ICFR. The initial steps that the Company has taken are described in Part II, Item 9A of our 2023 Form 10-K and additional steps are described in Part I, Item 4 of our March 31, 2024 Form 10-Q. Further steps taken to-date with respect to remediation of the material weaknesses identified are summarized below: 
 
 Continue executing on the comprehensive remediation plan that was reviewed and approved by our Board by redesigning existing ICFR and designing additional ICFR to mitigate risks of material misstatement, including the level of precision at which the controls will operate. 
 Utilized our public accounting consulting firm to test existing, redesigned and newly implemented controls in accordance with the SOX governance program and execution of the remediation plan, including the enhanced documentation to evidence the performance of management review controls and the completeness and accuracy of information produced by the entity. 
 Tested the design and implementation of information technology general controls ITGCs and are assessing the results. Testing the operating effectiveness of ITGCs. 
 Hired three Certified Public Accountants as additions to the finance and accounting department, two of whom have public accounting experience. 
 Hired two Certified Public Accountants with public accounting experience within the risk department, one of whom is a certified information systems security professional holding CISSP, CISA, and CCSK credentials. 
 Implemented Governance, Risk and Compliance technology to standardize and facilitate the SOX governance program. 
 Established monthly SOX Steering Committee updates to allow senior executive management to report on the governance of the SOX program and remediation of the previously identified material weaknesses. 
 Strengthened the SOX sub certification process to explicitly require management responsible for the oversight of certain processes and controls within the control environment to attest to the design, implementation, and operating effectiveness of their portion of the control environment on a quarterly basis, including required remediation, as well as communicate any changes thereto. 
 
 The status of our remediation plan is being, and will continue to be, reported by management to the Audit Committee on a regular basis. In addition, management has assigned executive owners to oversee the remedial changes to the overall design of the Company s internal control environment and to address the root causes of our material weaknesses. 
 
 100 

While certain actions have been taken to enhance the Company s ICFR relating to the material weaknesses identified as of the date of this report, we are still in the process of executing on our comprehensive remediation plan. Accordingly, the previously identified material weaknesses cannot be considered remediated until each control has been appropriately designed, has operated for a sufficient period of time, and until management has concluded, through testing, that the control is operating effectively. 
 
 As management continues to evaluate and strive to improve the Company s ICFR, management may take additional measures to address these control deficiencies or modify its comprehensive remediation plan. While management intends to resolve all of the material weaknesses, no assurances can be provided that these remediation efforts will be successful, that the Company s ICFR will be effective as a result of these efforts by any particular date, nor is it certain whether additional actions will be required. 
 
 101 

PART II 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 
 Refer to NOTE 14 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES within the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference herein. While the final outcomes of legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable, management is currently of the opinion that the outcomes of pending and threatened matters will not have a material effect on the Company s business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows as a whole. 
 
 In addition, as a result of a litigation brought by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC in October 2012, NMS voluntarily entered into, and is presently operating under, a permanent injunction with respect to certain of its business practices. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. The risks described in our 2023 Form 10-K are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. There have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in our 2023 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. 
 
 We previously issued shares of common stock that are not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act in connection with the DRIP. On December 8, 2023, the Company terminated the DRIP; therefore, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 we issued no shares related to the DRIP. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 we issued 5,500 and 15,700 shares of common stock valued at 0.1 million and 0.2 million, respectively, to shareholders in connection with the DRIP. 

We also issue shares of common stock that are not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act in connection with dividends on unvested restricted stock awards. A breakdown of the shares related to dividends on unvested restricted stock awards is presented below: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 # # # # Dividend shares on unvested RSAs 
 8 114 5 63 20 263 13 184 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 
 None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 
 None. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. 
 Number Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Newtek (Incorporate by reference to Exhibit A to Newtek s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to its Registration Statement on Form N-2, No. 333-191499, filed November 3, 2014.) 
 3.2 
 Bylaws of Newtek (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to Newtek s Registration Statement on Form N-14, No. 333-195998, filed September 24, 2014). 
 3.3 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of NewtekOne, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 17, 2023). 
 3.4 
 Amended Bylaws of NewtekOne, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 24, 2023). 
 3.5 
 Articles Supplementary to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of NewtekOne, Inc (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 7, 2023 ). 
 3.6 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of NewtekOne, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Newtek s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 18, 2024). 
 31.1 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer required by Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, filed herewith. 
 31.2 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer required by Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, filed herewith. 
 32.1 
 Certification by Principal Executive pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith. 
 32.2 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith. 
 101 Interactive Data Files Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 NEWTEKONE, INC. Date: November 12, 2024 By: / S / B ARRY S LOANE 
 Barry Sloane Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 12, 2024 By: / S / M. S COTT P RICE 
 M. Scott Price 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

104 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 newt93024-exh311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Barry Sloane, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of NewtekOne, Inc. (the registrant ). 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 S BARRY SLOANE Barry Sloane Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 newt-93024xexh312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, M. Scott Price, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of NewtekOne, Inc. (the registrant ). 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 S M. SCOTT PRICE M. Scott Price Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 newt-93024xexh321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of NewtekOne Inc.(the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Barry Sloane, as Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 S BARRY SLOANE Barry Sloane, Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 newt-93024xexh322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of NewtekOne, Inc. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, M. Scott Price, as Principal Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 S M. SCOTT PRICE M. Scott Price, Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 newt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 newt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 newt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 newt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 newt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

