<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_68505_0000068505-24-000034.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11311361</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116721</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1756230</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4569193</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2422717</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2185706</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000068505-24-000034.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107161806
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000068505-24-000034
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Motorola Solutions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000068505
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				361115800
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07221
		FILM NUMBER:		241436081

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 W. MONROE ST.
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60661
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8475765000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 W. MONROE ST.
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60661

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOTOROLA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOTOROLA DELAWARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19760414

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000068505-24-000034.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 msi-20240928.htm
 10-Q

msi-20240928 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________ 
 Form 
 ____________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 ___________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 ____________________________________________ (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Not applicable 
 (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report) 
 ____________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 0.01 Par Value 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer accelerated filer smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of shares of the registrant's Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding as of November 1, 2024 was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS For the Quarter Ended September 28, 2024 
 PART I. FI NANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Page No. Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 and September 30 , 2023 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 28 , 2024 and September 30 , 2023 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 28 , 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended Sept ember 2 8 , 2024 and September 30 , 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 28 , 2024 and September 30 , 2023 
 6 
 Index for Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 43 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 44 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 44 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 44 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 45 
 Signatures 
 46 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) (In millions, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales from products Net sales from services Net sales Costs of products sales Costs of services sales Costs of sales Gross margin Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenditures Other charges Operating earnings Other income (expense): Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss on sales of investments and businesses, net ) Other, net ) Total other expense ) ) ) ) Net earnings before income taxes Income tax expense Net earnings Less: Earnings attributable to non-controlling interests Net earnings attributable to Motorola Solutions, Inc. Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net earnings Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Derivative instruments Defined benefit plans Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income Less: Earnings attributable to non-controlling interests Comprehensive income attributable to Motorola Solutions, Inc. common shareholders 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) (In millions, except par value) September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Inventories, net Other current assets Current assets held for disposition Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease assets Investments Deferred income taxes Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Non-current assets held for disposition Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Contract liabilities Accrued liabilities Current liabilities held for disposition Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Non-current liabilities held for disposition Stockholders Equity Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value: 
 Authorized shares: 
 Issued shares: 9/28/24 ; 12/31/23 
 Outstanding shares: 9/28/24 ; 12/31/23 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Motorola Solutions, Inc. stockholders equity Non-controlling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) (In millions) Shares Common Stock and Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Noncontrolling Interests Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) Net earnings (loss) ) Other comprehensive loss ) Issuance of common stock and stock options exercised ) Share repurchase program ) ) Share-based compensation expenses Dividends declared per share 
 ) Balance as of March 30, 2024 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock and stock options exercised Share repurchase program ) ) Share-based compensation expenses Dividends declared per share 
 ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interest on subsidiary common stock ) Balance as of June 29, 2024 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock and stock options exercised Share repurchase program ) ) Share-based compensation expenses Dividends declared per share 
 ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interest on subsidiary common stock ) Balance as of September 28, 2024 ) 
 
 4 

(In millions) Shares Common Stock and Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Noncontrolling Interests Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock and stock options exercised Share repurchase program ) ) Share-based compensation expenses Dividends declared per share 
 ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interest on subsidiary common stock ) Balance as of April 1, 2023 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock and stock options exercised Share repurchase program ) ) Share-based compensation expenses Dividends declared per share 
 ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interest on subsidiary common stock ) Balance as of July 1, 2023 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) Issuance of common stock and stock options exercised Share repurchase program ) ) Share-based compensation expenses Dividends declared per share 
 ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interest on subsidiary common stock ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Operating Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile Net earnings to Net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash other charges Share-based compensation expenses Loss from the extinguishment of Silver Lake Convertible Debt (Note 5) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions, dispositions, and foreign currency translation adjustments: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories Other current assets and contract assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and contract liabilities ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Acquisitions and investments, net ) ) Proceeds from sales of investments and businesses, net Capital expenditures ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) Financing Repayments of debt ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of debt Issuances of common stock Purchases of common stock ) ) Payments of dividends ) ) Payments of dividends to non-controlling interests ) ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on total cash and cash equivalents Net decrease in total cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the period for: Interest paid Income and withholding taxes, net of refunds 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 6 

INDEX FOR NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) Page No. Note 1 Basis of Presentation 
 8 
 Note 2 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 9 
 Note 3 Leases 
 11 
 Note 4 Other Financial Data 
 12 
 Note 5 Debt and Credit Facilities 
 18 
 Note 6 Risk Management 
 19 
 Note 7 Income Taxes 
 21 
 Note 8 Retirement and Other Employee Benefits 
 21 
 Note 9 Share-Based Compensation Plans 
 22 
 Note 10 Fair Value Measurements 
 22 
 Note 11 Sales of Receivables 
 23 
 Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies 
 24 
 Note 13 Segment Information 
 25 
 Note 14 Reorganization of Business 
 25 
 Note 15 Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 26 

7 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in millions, except as noted) 
 
 1. 
 Business Overview 
 The Company manages the business organizationally through segments: Products and Systems Integration and Software and Services". Within these segments the Company has principal product lines in which the Company reports net sales: Land Mobile Radio Communications LMR or LMR Communications ), Video Security and Access Control ("Video"), and Command Center. 
 LMR Communications: Infrastructure, devices (two-way radio and broadband, including both for public safety and professional and commercial radio (PCR)) and software that enable communications, inclusive of installation and integration, backed by services, to assure availability, security and resiliency. 
 Video: Cameras (fixed, body-worn, in-vehicle), access control, infrastructure, video management, software and artificial intelligence (AI)-powered analytics that help enable visibility and bring attention to what s important. 
 Command Center: Command center solutions and software applications that unify voice, video and data analytics from public safety agencies, enterprises and the community to create a broad informational view to help simplify workflows and improve the accuracy and speed of decisions. 
 Recent Acquisitions 
 Subsequent to quarter end, on October 29, 2024, the Company acquired 3tc Software ("3tc"), a provider of control room software solutions for million, net of cash acquired. In addition, the Company issued restricted stock at a fair value of million to certain key employees that will be expensed over a service period of . The acquisition expands the Company's critical experience and innovation focused on advancing computer-aided dispatch ("CAD") for the UK's public safety agencies. This business is part of the Software and Services segment. 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company acquired Noggin, a global provider of critical event management ("CEM") software for million, net of cash acquired. In addition, the Company issued restricted stock at a fair value of million to certain key employees that will be expensed over a service period of . This acquisition enhances the Company's portfolio by adding operational resilience and CEM capabilities, which help enterprises and critical infrastructure anticipate, prepare for and efficiently respond to incidents. The business is part of the Software and Services segment. 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company acquired a company that provides vehicle location and management solutions for million, net of cash acquired. In addition, the Company issued restricted stock at a fair value of million to certain key employees that will be expensed over a service period of . The acquisition expands the Company's video solutions within the Software and Services segment. 
 On February 13, 2024, the Company acquired Silent Sentinel, a provider of specialized, long-range cameras, for million, net of cash acquired. This acquisition complements the Company's portfolio of fixed video cameras, expanding its footprint with government and critical infrastructure customers and strengthens the Company's position as a global leader in end-to-end video security solutions. The business is part of the Products and System Integration segment. 
 On December 15, 2023, the Company acquired IPVideo, the creator of the HALO Smart Sensor, for million, net of cash acquired. In addition, the Company issued restricted stock at a fair value of million to certain key employees that will be expensed over a service period of . The HALO Smart Sensor is a multifunctional safety and security device with built-in vape detection and air quality monitoring, gunshot detection, abnormal noise and motion detection and emergency keyword detection. This acquisition adds sensor technology to the Company's physical security portfolio. The business is part of the Products and Systems Integration segment. 
 8 

2. 
 International Major Products and Services: LMR Communications Video Command Center Customer Types: Direct Indirect 
 9 

International Major Products and Services: LMR Communications Video Command Center Customer Types: Direct Indirect 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations represent the revenue that is expected to be recognized in future periods related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied, or partially unsatisfied, as of the end of a period. The transaction value associated with remaining performance obligations which were not yet satisfied as of September 28, 2024 was billion. A total of billion was from Products and Systems Integration performance obligations that were not yet satisfied as of September 28, 2024, of which billion is expected to be recognized in the next . The remaining amounts will generally be satisfied over time as systems are implemented. Remaining performance obligations from the Products and Systems Integration segment are equal to disclosed backlog for the segment. A total of billion was from Software and Services performance obligations that were not yet satisfied as of September 28, 2024. The determination of Software and Services performance obligations that are not satisfied takes into account a contract term that may be limited by the customer s ability to terminate for convenience. Where termination for convenience exists in the Company's service contracts, its disclosure of the remaining performance obligations that are unsatisfied assumes the contract term is limited until renewal. As a result, remaining performance obligations from the Software and Services segment may be less than disclosed backlog in the Software and Services segment due to multi-year service contracts with termination for convenience clauses. The Company expects to recognize billion from unsatisfied Software and Services performance obligations over the next , with the remaining performance obligations generally to be recognized over time as services are performed and software is implemented. 
 On March 13, 2024, the Company received a notice of contract extension (the Deferred National Shutdown Notice from the UK Home Office. The Deferred National Shutdown Notice seeks to extend the national shutdown target date of the Airwave service from December 31, 2026 to December 31, 2029, at the rates implemented by a prospective price control on Airwave imposed by the Competition and Markets Authority (the "Charge Control"). In the first nine months of 2024, as a result of the UK Home Office's notice of a contract extension pursuant to their Deferred National Shutdown Notice, the Company recorded additional Software and Services performance obligations of million to reflect the incremental of services. 
 Payment terms on system contracts are typically tied to implementation milestones associated with progress on contracts, while revenue recognition is over time based on a cost-to-cost method of measuring performance. The Company may recognize a Contract asset or Contract liability, depending on whether revenue has been recognized in excess of billings or billings in excess of revenue. Services contracts are typically billed in advance, generating Contract liabilities until the Company has performed the services. The Company does not record a financing component to contracts when it expects, at contract inception, that the period between the transfer of a promised good or service and related payment terms are less than a year. 
 10 

Contract assets Contract liabilities Non-current contract liabilities 
 Revenue recognized during the three months ended September 28, 2024 which was previously included in Contract liabilities as of June 29, 2024 was million, compared to million of revenue recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2023 which was previously included in Contract liabilities as of July 1, 2023. Revenue recognized during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 which was previously included in Contract liabilities as of December 31, 2023 was billion, compared to billion recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 which was previously included in Contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022. Revenue of million was recognized during the three months ended September 28, 2024 related to performance obligations satisfied, or partially satisfied, in previous periods, primarily driven by changes in the estimates of progress on system contracts. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, revenue adjustments driven by the changes in estimates of progress on system contracts were de minimis. Revenue of million was reversed during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 related to revenue recognized for performance obligations satisfied, or partially satisfied, in previous periods, primarily driven by changes in the estimates of progress on system contracts, compared to million of reversals for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 There were material expected credit losses recorded on contract assets during each of the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 Contract Cost Balances Non-current contract cost assets 
 Amortization of contract cost assets was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

3. 
 Short-term lease cost Variable cost Sublease income ) ) ) ) Net lease expense from operating leases 
 Current lease liabilities Accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities 
 11 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 
 During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recorded million of as s ets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities due to an assumption that it is reasonably certain that renewal options will be extended on its radio tower site leases operated within the Airwave radio network, consistent with the UK Home Office's notice of contract extension pursuant to their Deferred National Shutdown Notice through December 31, 2029. In addition, assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities of million were recorded in connection with the Company's renewal of an International region office lease by . 
 Weighted average discount rate: 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest Present value of lease liabilities 

4. 
 Reorganization of business (Note 14) Operating lease asset impairments Acquisition-related transaction fees Environmental reserve expense Legal settlements Fixed asset impairments Other 
 12 

) ) ) Interest income ) ) ) ) Other, net: Net periodic pension and postretirement benefit (Note 8) Loss from the extinguishment of Silver Lake Convertible Debt (Note 5) ) Investment impairments ) ) ) Foreign currency gain (loss) ) ) ) Gain (loss) on derivative instruments (Note 6) ) ) Fair value adjustments to equity investments ) ) Assessments on uncertain tax positions ) Other ) 
 Earnings Per Common Share 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Per share amount Diluted earnings per common share: 
 Earnings Weighted average common shares outstanding Add effect of dilutive securities: Share-based awards Silver Lake Convertible Debt 
 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Per share amount 
 13 

million options were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per common share because their inclusion would have been antidilutive. 
 In the computation of diluted earnings per common share for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 , a total of million shares related to the Silver Lake Convertible Debt (as defined in Note 5, "Debt and Credit Facilities" in this "Part 1 - Financial Information" of this Form 10-Q) were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per common share because their inclusion would have been antidilutive. In addition, the assumed exercise of million options were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per common share because their inclusion would have been antidilutive. 
 In the computation of diluted earnings per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the assumed exercise of million options, inclusive of million options subject to market based contingent option agreements, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per common share because their inclusion would have been antidilutive. 
 Balance Sheet Information 
 Accounts Receivable, Net 
 Less allowance for credit losses ) ) 
 Inventories, Net 
 Work-in-process and production materials Less inventory reserves ) ) 
 Other Current Assets 
 Contractor receivables Tax-related deposits Other 
 14 

Leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company entered into an arrangement to sell its Richmond, British Columbia and Richardson, Texas video manufacturing operations, including the machinery and equipment, inventory, transfer of employees and related facility lease to a contract manufacturer. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company presented the assets and liabilities as held for sale in its Consolidated Balance Sheet and recognized an impairment loss of million on the exit of these video manufacturing operations within Other charges in the Consolidated Statement of Operations, as the carrying value of the asset group was below the expected selling price. The transaction closed on February 1, 2024 resulting in a gain on the sale of these video manufacturing operations, which was de minimis. 
 Depreciation expense for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Depreciation expense for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 Investments 
 Strategic investments Company-owned life insurance policies Equity method investments 
 Other Assets 
 Non-current contract cost assets (Note 2) Other 
 15 

days' notice. The Company does not provide any forms of guarantees under this arrangement. Supplier participation in the program is solely at the supplier's discretion, and the participating suppliers negotiate their arrangements directly with the intermediary. The Company has no economic interest in a supplier's decision to participate in the program, and their participation has no bearing on our payment terms or amounts due. The stated invoice payment terms range from to days from the invoice date and are considered commercially reasonable. 
 The Company's outstanding amounts related to the suppliers participating in this program was million and million as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Supplier finance program obligations are classified as Accounts payable within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Accrued Liabilities 
 Tax liabilities Dividend payable Trade liabilities Operating lease liabilities (Note 3) Customer reserves Other 
 Other Liabilities 
 Non-current contract liabilities (Note 2) Unrecognized tax benefits (Note 7) Deferred income taxes (Note 7) Environmental reserve Other 
 Stockholders Equity 
 Share Repurchase Program: During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company repurchased approximately million and million shares at an average price of and per share for an aggregate amount of million and million, respectively. 
 Payment of Dividends: During the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company paid million and million, respectively, in cash dividends to holders of its common stock. Subsequent to the quarter, the Company paid an additional million in cash dividends to holders of its common stock. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company paid million and million, respectively, in cash dividends to holders of its common stock. 
 16 

) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification adjustment ) ) Tax benefit (expense) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) Derivative instruments: Balance at beginning of period ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification adjustment Other comprehensive income before reclassification adjustment, net of tax Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance at end of period ) ) Defined Benefit Plans: Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment - Actuarial net losses into Other income (Note 8) Reclassification adjustment - Prior service benefits into Other income (Note 8) Tax expense ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments into Net earnings, net of tax Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) Total Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 17 

5. senior notes due 2024 
 senior convertible notes due 2024 
 debentures due 2025 
 debentures due 2025 
 senior notes due 2028 
 debentures due 2028 
 senior notes due 2029 
 senior notes due 2029 
 senior notes due 2030 
 senior notes due 2031 
 senior notes due 2032 
 senior notes due 2034 
 senior notes due 2037 
 senior notes due 2044 
 debentures due 2097 
 Adjustments for unamortized gains on interest rate swap terminations ) ) Less: current portion ) ) Long-term debt 
 million aggregate principal amount of the senior notes due 2024. 
 As of September 28, 2024, million of debentures due 2025, which mature in May 2025, and million of debentures due 2025, which mature in September 2025, were presented as the Current portion of long-term debt within the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, as the debentures mature within the next twelve months. 
 On September 5, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with Silver Lake Partners to issue billion of senior convertible notes which were scheduled to mature in September 2024 (the "Silver Lake Convertible Debt"), which became fully convertible on September 5, 2021. On February 14, 2024, the Company agreed with Silver Lake Partners to repurchase billion aggregate principal amount of the Silver Lake Convertible Debt for aggregate consideration of billion in cash, inclusive of the conversion premium. The Company paid the cash consideration during the first quarter of 2024. The repurchase of the Silver Lake Convertible Debt was accounted for as an extinguishment of debt, as the repurchase was negotiated under economically favorable terms outside of the original contractual conversion rate. A loss on the extinguishment of million was recorded, representing the excess of amounts repurchased over the carrying value of debt of million, offset by accrued interest of million. The loss on the extinguishment of debt was recorded within Other Income (Expense) in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 On March 25, 2024, the Company issued million of senior notes due 2029 and million of senior notes due 2034. The Company recognized net proceeds of billion after debt issuance costs and discounts. A portion of proceeds from the issuance of these notes was used to repurchase the billion aggregate principal amount of the Silver Lake Convertible Debt in the first quarter of 2024. 
 As of September 28, 2024, the Company had a billion syndicated, unsecured revolving credit facility scheduled to mature in March 2026 (the "2021 Motorola Solutions Credit Agreement"). The 2021 Motorola Solutions Credit Agreement includes a letter of credit sub-limit and fronting commitments of million. Borrowings under the facility bear interest at the prime rate plus the applicable margin, or at a spread above the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), at the Company's option. An annual facility fee is payable on the undrawn amount of the credit line. The interest rate and facility fee are subject to adjustment if the Company's credit rating changes. The Company must comply with certain customary covenants including a maximum leverage ratio, as defined in the 2021 Motorola Solutions Credit Agreement. The Company was in compliance with its financial covenants as of September 28, 2024. 
 The Company has an unsecured commercial paper program, backed by the 2021 Motorola Solutions Credit Agreement, under which the Company may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of billion outstanding at any one time. Proceeds from the issuances of the notes are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. The notes are issued at a zero-coupon rate and are issued at a discount which reflects the interest component. At maturity, the notes are paid back in full including the interest component. The notes are not redeemable prior to maturity. As of September 28, 2024 the Company had outstanding debt under the commercial paper program. 
 18 

6. 
 billion for each of the periods ended September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company does not believe these financial instruments should subject it to undue risk due to foreign exchange movements because gains and losses on these contracts should generally offset gains and losses on the underlying assets, liabilities and transactions. 
 largest net notional amounts of the positions to buy or sell foreign currency as of September 28, 2024, and the corresponding positions as of December 31, 2023: 
 Notional Amount Net Buy (Sell) by Currency September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Euro Australian dollar ) ) British pound Canadian dollar Chinese renminbi ) ) 
 Counterparty Risk 
 The use of derivative financial instruments exposes the Company to counterparty credit risk in the event of non-performance by counterparties. However, the Company s risk is limited to the fair value of the instruments when the derivative is in an asset position. The Company actively monitors its exposure to credit risk. As of September 28, 2024, all of the counterparties had investment grade credit ratings. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had million of exposure to aggregate credit risk with all counterparties. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Total derivatives 
 Fair Values of Derivative Instruments December 31, 2023 Other Current Assets Accrued Liabilities Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Treasury rate lock Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Equity swap contracts Total derivatives 
 19 

Forward points recognized Other income (expense) Treasury rate lock Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Other income (expense) ) ) Equity swap contracts Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 The Company uses foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge against the effect of the British pound and the Euro exchange rate fluctuations against the U.S. dollar on a portion of its net investments in certain European operations. The Company recognizes changes in the fair value of the net investment hedges as a component of foreign currency translation adjustments within Other comprehensive income to offset a portion of the change in translated value of the net investments being hedged, until the investments are sold or liquidated. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had million of net investment hedges in certain Euro functional subsidiaries and million of net investment hedges in a British pound functional subsidiary. 
 The Company excludes the difference between the spot rate and the forward rate of the forward contract from its assessment of hedge effectiveness. The effect of the forward points recognized will be amortized on a straight-line basis and recognized through interest expense within Other income (expense) in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Equity Swap Contracts 
 The Company uses equity swap contracts which serve as economic hedges against volatility within the equity markets, impacting the Company's deferred compensation plan obligations. These contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. Unrealized gains and losses on these contracts are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The notional amount of these contracts as of September 28, 2024 was million. 
 Treasury Rate Lock 
 In 2023, the Company entered into treasury rate agreements which locked in the interest rate for million in future debt issuances. The treasury rate lock agreements were designated and qualified as cash flow hedges. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company issued million of senior notes due 2034 (the "2034 notes"). The treasury rate lock agreements were terminated upon the issuance of the 2034 notes for a net settlement loss of million. The accumulated loss recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) will be reclassified to interest expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the 2034 notes. 
 
 20 

7. 
 Income tax expense Effective tax rate 
 The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024 of was lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to favorable U.S. return-to-provision adjustments, excess tax benefits of share-based compensation, and tax benefits recognized upon settlement of audits with taxing authorities in foreign jurisdictions, partially offset by state tax expense. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 of was lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to favorable U.S. return-to-provision adjustments (inclusive of the tax benefit recognized upon the Company's decision to implement a business initiative in 2024 which allows for additional utilization of foreign tax credit carryforwards and a higher foreign derived intangible income deduction on its 2023 U.S. tax return), excess tax benefits of share-based compensation, and tax benefits recognized upon settlement of audits with taxing authorities in foreign jurisdictions, partially offset by the non-tax deductible loss on the extinguishment of the Silver Lake Convertible Debt in the first quarter of 2024 and state tax expense. 
 The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of was equal to the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to state tax expense, offset by the excess tax benefits of share-based compensation and favorable U.S. return-to-provision adjustments. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of was higher than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to state tax expense, partially offset by the excess tax benefits of share-based compensation and favorable U.S. return-to-provision adjustments. 
 The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024 of was lower than the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of , primarily due to higher excess tax benefits of share-based compensation and tax benefits recognized upon settlement of audits with taxing authorities in foreign jurisdictions in 2024. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 of was lower than the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of , primarily due to the tax benefit recognized upon the Company's decision to implement a business initiative in 2024 which allows for additional utilization of foreign tax credit carryforwards and a higher foreign derived intangible income deduction on its 2023 U.S. tax return, tax benefits recognized upon settlement of audits with taxing authorities in foreign jurisdictions, and higher excess tax benefits of share-based compensation in 2024, offset by the non-tax deductible loss on the extinguishment of Silver Lake Convertible Debt in 2024. 

8. 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of: Unrecognized net loss Unrecognized prior service cost (benefit) ) Net periodic pension cost (benefits) ) ) ) ) 
 21 

Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of: Unrecognized net loss Unrecognized prior service cost (benefit) ) Net periodic pension cost (benefits) ) ) ) ) 

9. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenditures Share-based compensation expense included in Operating earnings Tax benefit ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense, net of tax Decrease in basic earnings per share ) ) ) ) Decrease in diluted earnings per share ) ) ) ) 
 During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company granted million RSUs, million performance stock units (PSUs) and million market stock units (MSUs) with an aggregate grant-date fair value of million, million and million, respectively, and million stock options and million performance options (POs) with an aggregate grant-date fair value of million and million, respectively. The share-based compensation expense will generally be recognized over the vesting period of . 

10. 
 Common stock Liabilities: Foreign exchange derivative contracts 
 22 

Equity swap contracts Common stock Liabilities: Foreign exchange derivative contracts Treasury rate lock 
 The Company had foreign exchange derivative contracts, equity swap contracts or common stock investments in Level 3 holdings as of September 28, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 At September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, of investments in money market government and U.S. treasury funds classified (Level 1) as Cash and cash equivalents in its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The money market funds had quoted market prices that are equivalent to par. 
 Using quoted market prices and market interest rates, the fair value of the Company's long-term debt as of September 28, 2024 was billion. The fair value of long-term debt at December 31, 2023 was billion, of which the Silver Lake Convertible Debt was billion (Level 2). 
 All other financial instruments are carried at cost, which is not materially different from the instruments fair values. 

11. 
 Long-term receivables sales proceeds 
 million of long-term receivables, compared to million at December 31, 2023. Servicing obligations are limited to collection activities related to the sales of accounts receivables and long-term receivables. The Company had outstanding commitments to provide long-term financing to third parties totaling million at September 28, 2024, compared to million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 23 

12. 
 million in compensatory damages and million in punitive damages, for a total of million. In a series of post-trial rulings in 2021, the District Court subsequently reduced the judgment to million, but also ordered Hytera to pay the Company million in pre-judgment interest and million in costs, as well as million in attorneys fees. The Company continues to seek collection of the judgment through the ongoing legal process. 
 On December 17, 2020, the District Court held that Hytera must pay the Company a forward-looking reasonable royalty on products that use the Company s stolen trade secrets, and on December 15, 2021, set royalty rates for Hytera's sale of relevant products from July 1, 2019 forward. On July 5, 2022, the District Court ordered that Hytera pay into a third-party escrow on July 31, 2022, the royalties owed to the Company based on the sale of relevant products from July 1, 2019 to June 30, 2022. Hytera failed to make the required royalty payment on July 31, 2022. On August 1, 2022, Hytera filed a motion to modify or stay the District Court's previous July 5, 2022 royalty order, which the District Court denied on July 11, 2023. On August 3, 2022, the Company filed a motion seeking to hold Hytera in civil contempt for violating the royalty order by not making the required royalty payment on July 31, 2022. On August 26, 2023, the District Court granted the Company's contempt motion. As a result, on September 1, 2023, Hytera made a payment of million into the third-party escrow. In addition to the September 1, 2023 payment of million, Hytera has made de minimis regular quarterly royalty payments into the third-party escrow from October 2022 through October 2024. The aggregate amount paid into escrow will not be recognized until all contingencies are resolved and such amount is released from escrow. 
 Following the February 14, 2020 verdict and judgment in the Company's favor, Hytera appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit (the "Court of Appeals"), seeking review of the orders related to the jury's verdict as well as the District Court's royalty order. The Company filed its cross-appeal on August 5, 2022. The Court of Appeals heard oral arguments on December 5, 2023, and issued its decision on July 2, 2024. The Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court's award of million in damages, including exemplary damages, under the Defend Trade Secrets Act. The Court of Appeals also directed the District Court to recalculate and reduce its award of million in copyright infringement damages, and instructed the District Court to reconsider its denial of the Company's request for an injunction. In all other respects, the Court of Appeals affirmed the judgment of the District Court. On October 4, 2024, the Court of Appeals denied Hytera's motion for rehearing. The case has been remanded to the District Court for further action per the Court of Appeals' decision. 
 In 2024, the parties engaged in competing litigation in the District Court and a court in Shenzhen, China (originally filed by Hytera in June 2022 and not served upon the Company until November 2023) related to the possible continued use by Hytera of the Company s trade secrets in Hytera s currently shipping products. On April 2, 2024, the District Court held Hytera in civil contempt, and issued a worldwide sales injunction of certain Hytera products and a daily fine, for Hytera's failure to withdraw its competing litigation in China. On April 16, 2024, the Court of Appeals granted Hytera's motion for an emergency stay of the contempt sanctions, to allow the Court of Appeals to review the District Court's various orders related to the competing litigation and contempt sanctions. The District Court held hearings on August 26-30, 2024, concerning whether Hytera's currently shipping products continue to misuse the Company's trade secrets and copyrighted source code. The issue is now under consideration by the District Court. 
 
 24 

13. 
 Software and Services 
 Operating Earnings by Segment 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Products and Systems Integration Software and Services Operating earnings Total other expense ) ) ) ) Earnings before income taxes 

14. 
 million, consisting of million of charges in Other charges and million of charges in Cost of sales in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Included in the million were charges of million related to employee separation costs, partially offset by million of reversals for employee separation accruals that are no longer needed. 
 During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recorded net reorganization of business charges of million, including million of charges in Other charges and million of charges in Costs of sales in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Included in the million were charges of million related to employee separation costs, partially offset by million of reversals for exit cost accruals no longer needed and million of reversals for employee separation accruals no longer needed. 
 Software and Services 
 ) ) Exit costs ) ) ) 
 Exit Costs 
 At January 1, 2024, the Company had an accrual of million for exit costs, related to the Company's exit of the Emergency Service Network contract with the UK Home Office. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recorded a million reversal for accruals no longer needed. The million of exit costs are recorded in Accrued liabilities in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 28, 2024, and are expected to be paid within one year. 
 25 

million for employee separation costs. The 2024 additional charges of million represent severance costs for approximately employees. The adjustment of million reflects reversals for accruals no longer needed. The million used reflects cash payments to severed employees. The remaining accrual of million, which is included in Accrued liabilities in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 28, 2024, is expected to be paid, primarily within one year, to approximately employees, who have either been severed or have been notified of their severance and have begun or will begin receiving payments. 
 2023 Charges 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded net reorganization of business charges of million, including million of charges in Other charges and million of charges in Costs of sales in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Included in the million were charges of million related to employee separation costs, partially offset by million of reversals for employee separation accruals no longer needed. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded net reorganization of business charges of million, including million of charges in Other charges and million of charges in Costs of sales in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Included in the million were charges of million related to employee separation costs, partially offset by million of reversals for exit cost accruals no longer needed and million of reversals for employee separation accruals no longer needed. 
 Software and Services 

15. 
 million, net of cash acquired. In addition, the Company issued restricted stock at a fair value of million to certain key employees that will be expensed over a service period of . This acquisition expands the Company's critical experience and innovation focused on advancing CAD for the UK's public safety agencies. This business is part of the Software and Services segment. Due to the timing of the acquisition, the initial accounting for the acquisition is incomplete. As such, the Company is not able to disclose certain information relating to the acquisition, including the preliminary fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company acquired Noggin, a global provider of CEM software for million, net of cash acquired. In addition, the Company issued restricted stock at a fair value of million to certain key employees that will be expensed over a service period of . This acquisition enhances the Company's portfolio by adding operational resilience and CEM capabilities, which helps enterprises and critical infrastructure anticipate, prepare for and efficiently respond to incidents. The Company recognized million of goodwill, million o f identifiable intangible assets, and million of net liabilities. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The identifiable intangible assets were classified as million of trade names, million of customer relationships and million of developed technology and will be amortized over a period of three , fifteen and , respectively. The business is part of the Software and Services segment. The purchase accounting is not yet complete and as such, the final allocation among income tax accounts, intangible assets, net liabilities and goodwill may be subject to change. 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company acquired a company that provides vehicle location and management solutions for million, net of cash acquired. In addition, the Company issued restricted stock at a fair value of million to certain key employees that will be expensed over a service period of . The Company recognized million of goodwill, million o f identifiable intangible assets and million of net assets. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. The identifiable intangible assets were classified as million of trade names, million of customer relationships and million of developed technology and will be amortized over a period of nine , eighteen and , respectively. The acquisition expands the Company's video solutions within the Software and Services segment. The purchase accounting is not yet complete and as such, the final allocation among income tax accounts, intangible assets, net assets and goodwill may be subject to change. 
 26 

million, net of cash acquired. This acquisition complements the Company's portfolio of fixed video cameras, expanding its footprint with government and critical infrastructure customers, and strengthens the Company's position as a global leader in end-to-end video security solutions. The Company recognized million of goodwill, million of identifiable intangible assets and million of net liabilities. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The identifiable intangible assets were classified as million of trade names, million of customer relationships and million of developed technology and will be amortized over a period of two , fourteen and , respectively. The business is a part of the Products and Systems Integration segment. The purchase accounting is not yet complete and as such, the final allocation among income tax accounts net liabilities and goodwill may be subject to change. 
 On December 15, 2023, the Company acquired IPVideo, the creator of the HALO Smart Sensor, for million, net of cash acquired. The transaction also includes the potential for the Company to make contingent earn-out payments of up to million based on IPVideo's achievement of certain financial targets from January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2024. As of the acquisition date, the Company estimated the fair value of the contingent earn-out to be million, which was included in the purchase price. However, as of September 28, 2024, the Company no longer estimates that the contingent earn-out targets will be achieved. In addition, the Company issued restricted stock at a fair value of million to certain key employees that will be expensed over a service period of . The HALO Smart Sensor is a multifunctional safety and security device with built-in vape detection and air quality monitoring, gunshot detection, abnormal noise and motion detection and emergency keyword detection. This acquisition adds sensor technology to the Company's physical security portfolio. The Company recognized million of goodwill, million of identifiable intangible assets and million of net liabilities. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The identifiable intangible assets were classified as million of trade names, million of customer relationships and million of developed technology and will be amortized over a period of eight , twelve and , respectively. The business is part of the Products and Systems Integration segment. The purchase accounting is not yet complete and as such, the final allocation among income tax accounts, net liabilities and goodwill may be subject to change. 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 Customer-related Other intangibles 
 Amortization expense on intangible assets was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. Amortization expense on intangible assets was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 28, 2024, annual amortization expense is estimated to be million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, million in 2028 and million in 2029. 
 Software and Services 
 27 

Goodwill acquired Purchase accounting adjustments ) ) Foreign currency ) Balance as of September 28, 2024 
 
 28 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This commentary should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto of Motorola Solutions, Inc. Motorola Solutions, the Company, we, our, or us for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, as well as our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the "Form 10-K"). 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024 (this Form 10-Q which are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities law. These statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and generally include words such as believes, expects, intends, aims, estimates and similar expressions. We can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this Form 10-Q. Some of these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of the Form 10-K, and those described elsewhere in our other SEC filings. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements included in: (1) Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, about: (a) the impact of the United Kingdom's Competition and Markets Authority's legal order regarding Airwave (including our actions in response); (b) the impact of our proceedings in the UK High Court regarding the notice of contract extension from the UK Home Office relating to Airwave; (c) the impact of acquisitions on our business; (d) the return of capital to shareholders through dividends and/or repurchasing shares; (e) future payments, charges, and use of accruals associated with our reorganization of business programs and employee separation costs; (f) expected payments of exit costs related to our exit of the Emergency Services Network ("ESN") contract with the UK Home Office; (g) our ability and cost to repatriate funds; (h) the liquidity of our investments; (i) our ability and cost to access the capital markets; (j) our ability to borrow under our credit facilities; (k) adequacy of internal resources to generate an adequate amount of cash to meet expected working capital, capital expenditure and cash requirements; (l) future cash flows generated from operations, and future uses of such cash; and (m) the impact of the adoption of accounting pronouncements on our financial results; (2) Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, about: (a) the impact of foreign currency risk; (b) the impact of interest rate risk; and (c) future hedging activity and expectations of the Company; and (3) Legal Proceedings, about the ultimate disposition of legal matters and timing. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as legally required. 

Executive Overview 
 Business Overview 
 The Company manages the business organizationally through two segments: Products and Systems Integration and Software and Services." Within these segments the Company has three principal product lines in which the Company reports net sales: Land Mobile Radio Communications LMR or LMR Communications ), Video Security and Access Control ("Video") and Command Center. 
 LMR Communications: Infrastructure, devices (two-way radio and broadband, including both for public safety and professional and commercial radio (PCR)) and software that enable communications, inclusive of installation and integration, backed by services, to assure availability, security and resiliency. 
 Video: Cameras (fixed, body-worn, in-vehicle), access control, infrastructure, video management, software and artificial intelligence (AI)-powered analytics that help enable visibility and bring attention to what s important. 
 Command Center: Command center solutions and software applications that unify voice, video, data and analytics from public safety agencies, enterprises and the community to create a broad informational view to help simplify workflows and improve the accuracy and speed of decisions. 
 29 

Third Quarter Financial Results 
 Net sales were 2.8 billion in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2.6 billion in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Operating earnings were 711 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 639 million in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Net earnings attributable to Motorola Solutions, Inc. was 562 million, or 3.29 per diluted common share, in the third quarter of 2024, compared to net earnings of 464 million, or 2.70 per diluted common share, in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Operating cash flow increased 522 million to 1.3 billion in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 799 million in the first nine months of 2023. 
 We repurchased 141 million of common stock and paid 490 million in dividends in the first nine months of 2024. 
 Recent Events 
 UK Home Office Update 
 In October 2021, the Competition and Markets Authority ("CMA") opened a market investigation into the Mobile Radio Network Services market. This investigation included Airwave, our private mobile radio communications network that we acquired in 2016. Airwave provides mission-critical voice and data communications to emergency services and other agencies in Great Britain. 
 In 2023, the CMA imposed a legal order on Airwave which implemented a prospective price control on Airwave (the "Charge Control"). After the Competition Appeal Tribunal ("CAT") dismissed our appeal of the CMA's final decision on December 22, 2023, we filed an application with the United Kingdom Court of Appeal on February 13, 2024, requesting that it hear our appeal of the CAT judgment. On June 21, 2024, the United Kingdom Court of Appeal ordered a hearing on our application to be held later this year; which was subsequently set for November 11 and 12, 2024. Since August 1, 2023, revenue under the Airwave contract has been recognized in accordance with the Charge Control, and will continue to be unless the United Kingdom Court of Appeal were to reverse the CAT's judgment and overturn the Charge Control. 
 On March 13, 2024, we received a notice of contract extension (the Deferred National Shutdown Notice from the UK Home Office. The Deferred National Shutdown Notice extends the national shutdown target date of the Airwave service from December 31, 2026 to December 31, 2029, at the Charge Control rates. 
 Our backlog for Airwave services contracted with the UK Home Office through December 31, 2026 was previously reduced by 777 million to align with the Charge Control. In the first quarter of 2024, as a result of the UK Home Office's notice of a contract extension pursuant to their Deferred National Shutdown Notice, we have recorded additional backlog of 748 million to reflect the incremental three years of services. On April 11, 2024, we filed proceedings in the UK High Court challenging the decision of the UK Home Office to issue the Deferred National Shutdown Notice as being in breach of applicable UK procurement and public law. The hearing on this matter has been set to commence on April 22, 2025. The backlog related to the incremental years of service contemplated in the Deferred National Shutdown Notice could change depending on the outcome of the proceedings. 
 30 

Recent Acquisitions Technology Segment Acquisition Description Purchase Price Date of Acquisition Command Center Software and Services Noggin Provider of cloud-based business continuity planning, operational resilience and critical event management software. 91 million and share-based compensation of 19 million July 1, 2024 Video Security and Access Control Software and Services Unnamed vehicle location and management solutions business Provider of vehicle location and management solutions. 132 million and share-based compensation of 3 million July 1, 2024 Video Security and Access Control Products and Systems Integration Silent Sentinel Provider of specialized, long-range cameras. 37 million February 13, 2024 Video Security and Access Control Products and Systems Integration IPVideo Creator of a multifunctional safety and security device. 170 million and share-based compensation of 5 million December 15, 2023 
 31 

Results of Operations Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) September 28, 2024 of Sales September 30, 2023 of Sales September 28, 2024 of Sales September 30, 2023 of Sales Net sales from products 1,670 1,490 4,639 4,063 Net sales from services 1,120 1,066 3,167 3,066 Net sales 2,790 2,556 7,806 7,129 Costs of products sales 688 41.2 658 44.2 1,941 41.8 1,867 46.0 Costs of services sales 669 59.7 618 58.0 1,902 60.1 1,747 57.0 Costs of sales 1,357 1,276 3,843 3,614 Gross margin 1,433 51.4 1,280 50.1 3,963 50.8 3,515 49.3 Selling, general and administrative expenses 439 15.7 380 14.9 1,265 16.2 1,138 16.0 Research and development expenditures 234 8.4 215 8.4 671 8.6 640 9.0 Other charges 49 1.8 46 1.8 153 2.0 181 2.5 Operating earnings 711 25.5 639 25.0 1,874 24.0 1,556 21.8 Other income (expense): Interest expense, net (58) (2.1) (53) (2.1) (171) (2.2) (164) (2.3) Losses on sales of investments and businesses, net (1) Other, net 42 1.5 7 0.3 (519) (6.6) 46 0.6 Total other expense (16) (0.6) (47) (1.8) (690) (8.8) (118) (1.7) Net earnings before income taxes 695 24.9 592 23.2 1,184 15.2 1,438 20.2 Income tax expense 132 4.7 127 5.0 214 2.7 321 4.5 Net earnings 563 20.2 465 18.2 970 12.4 1,117 15.7 Less: Earnings attributable to non-controlling interests 1 1 4 0.1 4 0.1 Net earnings attributable to Motorola Solutions, Inc. 562 20.2 464 18.2 966 12.3 1,113 15.6 Earnings per diluted common share 3.29 2.70 5.66 6.46 
 Percentages may not add due to rounding 
 
 32 

Results of Operations Three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 
 The results of operations for the third quarter of 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results to be expected for the full year. Historically, we have experienced higher revenues in the fourth quarter as compared to the rest of the quarters of our fiscal year as a result of the purchasing patterns of our customers. 
 We use the following U.S. GAAP key financial performance measures to manage our business on a consolidated basis and by reporting segment, and to monitor and assess our results of operations: 
 Net sales: a measure of our revenue for the current period. 
 Operating earnings: a measure of our earnings from operations, before non-operating expenses and income taxes. 
 Operating margins: a measure of our operating earnings as a percentage of total net sales. 
 Considered together, we believe these measures are strong indicators of our overall performance and our ability to create shareholder value. A discussion of our results of operations and financial condition follows. Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (In millions) Products and Systems Integration Software and Services Total Products and Systems Integration Software and Services Total Net sales by region: North America 1,304 703 2,007 1,155 628 1,783 International 480 303 783 457 316 773 1,784 1,006 2,790 1,612 944 2,556 Net sales by major products and services: 
 LMR Communications 1,492 596 2,088 1,312 605 1,917 Video 292 208 500 300 153 453 Command Center 202 202 186 186 Total 1,784 1,006 2,790 1,612 944 2,556 Operating earnings 446 265 711 364 275 639 Operating margins 25.0 26.3 25.5 22.6 29.1 25.0 
 Net Sales 
 The Products and Systems Integration segment s net sales represented 64 of our net sales in the third quarter of 2024 and 63 in the third quarter of 2023. The Software and Services segment s net sales represented 36 of our net sales in the third quarter of 2024 and 37 in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Net sales increased 234 million, or 9 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The 172 million, or 11 , increase in net sales within the Products and Systems Integration segment was driven by an increase of 13 in the North America region and an increase of 5 in the International region. The 62 million, or 7 increase in net sales within the Software and Services segment was driven by an increase of 12 in the North America region, partially offset by a decrease of 4 in the International region. Net sales includes: 
 an increase in the Products and Systems Integration segment, inclusive of 11 million of revenue from acquisitions, driven by an increase in LMR, partially offset by a decrease in Video; 
 an increase in the Software and Services segment, inclusive of 25 million of revenue from acquisitions, driven by an increase in Video and Command Center, partially offset by a decrease in LMR services due to the revenue reduction on Airwave services in accordance with the Charge Control and the Company's exit of the ESN contract with the UK Home Office in 2022, inclusive of twelve months of transition services through the end of 2023 (the "ESN Exit"); and 
 inclusive of 4 million from unfavorable currency rates. 
 Regional results include: 
 a 13 increase in the North America region, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by an increase in LMR, Video and Command Center; and 
 a 1 increase in the International region, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by an increase in Video, Command Center and LMR, inclusive of the revenue reduction on Airwave services in accordance with the Charge Control and the ESN Exit. 
 33 

Products and Systems Integration 
 The 11 increase in the Products and Systems Integration segment was driven by the following: 
 180 million, or 14 growth in LMR, driven by the North America and International regions due to improved supply and favorable mix; partially offset by 
 8 million, or 3 decrease in Video, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by the International and North America regions; and 
 inclusive of 1 million from unfavorable currency rates. 
 Software and Services 
 The 7 increase in the Software and Services segment was driven by the following: 
 55 million, or 36 growth in Video, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by the North America and International regions; and 
 16 million, or 9 growth in Command Center, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by the North America and International regions; partially offset by 
 9 million, or 1 decrease in LMR services, driven by the International region due to the revenue reduction on Airwave services in accordance with the Charge Control and the ESN Exit, partially offset by an increase in the North America region; and 
 inclusive of 3 million from unfavorable currency rates. 
 Gross Margin Three Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Gross margin 1,433 1,280 12 
 Gross margin was 51.4 of net sales in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 50.1 in the third quarter of 2023. The primary drivers of this increase in gross margin as a percentage of net sales were: 
 higher gross margin as a percentage of net sales in the Products and Systems Integration segment, inclusive of acquisitions, primarily driven by higher sales, favorable mix and lower direct material costs; partially offset by 
 lower gross margin as a percentage of net sales in the Software and Services segment, inclusive of acquisitions, primarily driven by the revenue reduction on Airwave services in accordance with the Charge Control. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Three Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Selling, general and administrative expenses 439 380 16 
 SG A expenses increased 16 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase in SG A expenses was primarily due to higher employee incentive costs, including share-based compensation, higher expenses related to legal matters and higher expenses associated with acquired businesses. SG A expenses were 15.7 of net sales in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 14.9 of net sales in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Research and Development Expenditures Three Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Research and development expenditures 234 215 9 
 R D expenditures increased 9 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily due to higher employee incentive costs, including share-based compensation, and higher expenses associated with acquired businesses. R D expenditures were 8.4 of net sales in each of the third quarter of 2024 and in the third quarter of 2023. 
 34 

Other Charges Three Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Other charges 49 46 
 Other charges increased by 3 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The change was driven primarily by 4 million of acquisition-related transaction fees in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 1 million of acquisition-related transaction fees in third quarter of 2023. 
 Operating Earnings Three Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Operating earnings from Products and Systems Integration 446 364 Operating earnings from Software and Services 265 275 Operating earnings 711 639 
 Operating earnings increased 72 million, or 11 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase in Operating earnings was due to: 
 an 82 million increase in the Products and Systems Integration segment, primarily driven by higher sales, favorable change in year-over-year mix and lower direct material costs, partially offset by higher employee incentive costs, including share-based compensation, and higher expenses related to legal matters; partially offset by 
 a 10 million decrease in the Software and Services segment, primarily driven by the revenue reduction on Airwave services in accordance with the Charge Control, higher employee incentive costs, including share-based compensation, and higher expenses related to legal matters, partially offset by higher sales. 
 Interest Expense, net Three Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest expense, net (58) (53) 
 The 5 million increase in Interest expense, net in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 was primarily driven by higher interest rates on outstanding debt, partially offset by higher interest income. 
 35 

Other, net Three Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Other, net 42 7 
 The 35 million increase in Other, net in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 was primarily driven by: 
 22 million gain on derivatives in the third quarter of 2024 compared to a 26 million loss on derivatives in the third quarter of 2023; 
 9 million gain on fair value adjustments to equity investments in the third quarter of 2024 compared to a 7 million loss on fair value adjustments to equity investments in the third quarter of 2023; 
 32 million of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 24 million of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit in the third quarter of 2023; and 
 7 million loss on investment impairments in the third quarter of 2023 that did not occur in the third quarter of 2024; partially offset by 
 26 million of foreign currency losses in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 23 million of foreign currency gains in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Effective Tax Rate Three Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Income tax expense 132 127 
 Income tax expense increased by 5 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, resulting in an effective tax rate of 19 . Our effective tax rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024 of 19 was lower than the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of 21 , primarily due to higher excess tax benefits of share-based compensation and tax benefits recognized upon settlement of audits with taxing authorities in foreign jurisdictions in 2024. 

Results of Operations Nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (In millions) Products and Systems Integration Software and Services Total Products and Systems Integration Software and Services Total Net sales by region: 
 North America 3,631 1,985 5,616 3,130 1,786 4,916 International 1,302 888 2,190 1,222 991 2,213 4,933 2,873 7,806 4,352 2,777 7,129 Net sales by major products and services: LMR Communications 4,112 1,739 5,851 3,542 1,807 5,349 Video 821 553 1,374 810 435 1,245 Command Center 581 581 535 535 Total 4,933 2,873 7,806 4,352 2,777 7,129 Operating earnings 1,135 739 1,874 752 804 1,556 Operating margins 23.0 25.7 24.0 17.3 29.0 21.8 
 36 

Net Sales 
 The Products and Systems Integration segment's net sales represented 63 of our net sales in the first nine months of 2024 and 61 in the first nine months of 2023. Net sales from the Software and Services segment represented 37 of our net sales in the first nine months of 2024 and 39 in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Net sales increased 677 million, or 9 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The 581 million, or 13 , increase in net sales within the Products and Systems Integration segment was driven by an increase of 16 in the North America region and an increase of 7 in the International region. The 96 million, or 3 , increase in net sales within the Software and Services segment was driven by an increase of 11 in the North America region, partially offset by a decrease of 10 in the International region. Net sales includes: 
 an increase in the Products and Systems Integration segment, inclusive of 32 million of revenue from acquisitions, driven by an increase in LMR and Video; 
 an increase in Software and Services, inclusive of 26 million of revenue from acquisitions, driven by an increase in Video and Command Center, partially offset by a decrease in LMR services driven by the revenue reduction on Airwave services in accordance with the Charge Control and the ESN Exit; and 
 inclusive of 8 million from unfavorable currency rates. 
 Regional results include: 
 a 14 increase in the North America region, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by an increase in LMR, Video and Command Center; partially offset by 
 a 1 decrease in the International region, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by a decrease in LMR due to the revenue reduction on Airwave services in accordance with the Charge Control and the ESN Exit, partially offset by an increase in Video and Command Center. 
 Products and Systems Integration 
 The 13 increase in the Products and Systems Integration segment was driven by the following: 
 570 million, or 16 growth in LMR, driven by both the North America and International regions; 
 11 million, or 1 growth in Video, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by both the North America and International regions; and 
 inclusive of 3 million from unfavorable currency rates. 
 Software and Services 
 The 3 increase in the Software and Services segment was driven by the following: 
 118 million, or 27 growth in Video, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by the North America and International regions; and 
 46 million, or 9 growth in Command Center, inclusive of revenue from acquisitions, driven by the North America and International regions; partially offset by 
 68 million, or 4 decrease in LMR services, driven by the International region due to the revenue reduction on Airwave services in accordance with the Charge Control and the ESN Exit, partially offset by an increase in the North America region; and 
 inclusive of 5 million from unfavorable currency rates. 
 Gross Margin Nine Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Gross margin 3,963 3,515 13 
 Gross margin was 50.8 of net sales in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 49.3 in the first nine months of 2023. The primary drivers of this increase in gross margin as a percentage of net sales were: 
 higher gross margin as a percentage of net sales in the Products and Systems Integration segment, inclusive of acquisitions, primarily driven by higher sales, favorable mix and lower direct material costs; partially offset by 
 lower gross margin as a percentage of net sales in the Software and Services segment, inclusive of acquisitions, driven by the revenue reduction on Airwave services in accordance with the Charge Control. 
 37 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Nine Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,265 1,138 11 
 SG A expenses increased 11 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The increase in SG A expenses was primarily due to higher employee incentive costs, including share-based compensation, higher expenses related to legal matters and higher expenses associated with acquired businesses. SG A expenses were 16.2 of net sales in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 16.0 of net sales in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Research and Development Expenditures Nine Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Research and development expenditures 671 640 5 
 R D expenditures increased 5 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 primarily due to higher employee incentive costs, including share-based compensation, and higher expenses associated with acquired businesses. R D expenditures were 8.6 of net sales in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 9.0 of net sales in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Other Charges Nine Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Other charges 153 181 
 Other charges decreased by 28 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The change was driven primarily by the following: 
 114 million of intangible asset amortization expense in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 137 million of intangible asset amortization expense in the first nine months of 2023; and 
 15 million of environmental reserve expense in the first nine months of 2023 that did not occur in the first nine months of 2024; partially offset by 
 11 million of acquisition-related transaction fees in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 3 million of acquisition-related transaction fees in the first nine months of 2023; and 
 7 million of legal settlement charges in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 1 million of legal settlement charges in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Operating Earnings Nine Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Operating earnings from Products and Systems Integration 1,135 752 Operating earnings from Software and Services 739 804 Operating earnings 1,874 1,556 
 Operating earnings increased 318 million, or 20 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The increase in Operating earnings was due to: 
 a 383 million increase in the Products and Systems Integration segment, primarily driven by higher sales, favorable mix, and lower direct material costs, partially offset by higher employee incentive costs, including share-based compensation, higher expenses associated with acquired businesses and higher expenses related to legal matters; partially offset by 
 a 65 million decrease in the Software and Services segment, primarily driven by the revenue reduction on Airwave services in accordance with the Charge Control, higher employee incentive costs, including share-based compensation, and higher expenses related to legal matters, partially offset by higher sales and a reduction in intangible amortization expenses. 
 38 

Interest Expense, net Nine Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest expense, net (171) (164) 
 The 7 million increase in net interest expense in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 was primarily driven by higher outstanding debt, higher interest rates on outstanding debt and an interest accrual related to the settlement of audits with taxing authorities in foreign jurisdictions, partially offset by higher interest income earned on cash. 
 Other, net Nine Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Other, net (519) 46 
 The 565 million decrease in Other, net in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 was primarily driven by: 
 585 million loss from the extinguishment of the 1.0 billion of 1.75 senior convertible notes issued to Silver Lake Partners and scheduled to mature in September 2024 (the "Silver Lake Convertible Debt") which was recognized in the first nine months of 2024; 
 4 million loss on fair value adjustments to equity investments in the first nine months of 2024 compared to a 12 million gain on fair value adjustments to equity investments in the first nine months of 2023; 
 11 million loss on assessments of uncertain tax positions in the first nine months of 2024 that did not occur in the first nine months of 2023; and 
 22 million of foreign currency losses in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 16 million of foreign currency losses in the first nine months of 2023; partially offset by 
 95 million of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 73 million of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit in the first nine months of 2023; 
 7 million of gains on derivative instruments in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 9 million of losses on derivative instruments in the first nine months of 2023; and 
 3 million of investment impairments in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 16 million of investment impairments in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Effective Tax Rate Nine Months Ended (In millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Income tax expense 214 321 
 Income tax expense decreased by 107 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023, resulting in an effective tax rate of 18 . Our effective tax rate of 18 for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was lower than the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 22 , primarily due to the tax benefit recognized upon the Company's decision to implement a business initiative in 2024 which allows for additional utilization of foreign tax credit carryforwards and a higher foreign derived intangible income deduction on its 2023 U.S. tax return, tax benefits recognized upon settlement of audits with taxing authorities in foreign jurisdictions, and higher excess tax benefits of share-based compensation in 2024, offset by the non-tax deductible loss on the extinguishment of Silver Lake Convertible Debt in 2024. 

Reorganization of Business 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we recorded net reorganization of business charges of 7 million, including 5 million of charges recorded within Other charges and 2 million of charges in Cost of sales in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Included in the 7 million were charges of 8 million related to employee separation costs, partially offset by 1 million of reversals for employee separation accruals that are no longer needed. 
 During the first nine months of 2024, we recorded net reorganization of business charges of 21 million, including 16 million of charges recorded within Other charges and 5 million of charges in Costs of sales in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Included in the 21 million were charges of 30 million related to employee separation costs, partially offset by 4 million of reversals for exit cost accruals no longer needed and 5 million of reversals for employee separation accruals no longer needed. 
 39 

During the third quarter of 2023, we recorded net reorganization of business charges of 6 million, including 4 million of charges in Other charges and 2 million of charges in Costs of sales in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Included in the 6 million were charges of 8 million related to employee separation costs, partially offset by 2 million of reversals for employee separation accruals no longer needed. 
 During the first nine months of 2023, we recorded net reorganization of business charges of 22 million, including 16 million of charges recorded in Other charges and 6 million of charges in Costs of sales in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Included in the 22 million were charges of 32 million related to employee separation costs, partially offset by 5 million of reversals for exit cost accruals no longer needed and 5 million of reversals for employee separation accruals no longer needed. 
 The following table displays the net charges incurred by segment: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Products and Systems Integration 6 5 20 22 Software and Services 1 1 1 7 6 21 22 
 Cash payments for employee severance in connection with the reorganization of business plans were 27 million in the first nine months of 2024 and 28 million in the first nine months of 2023. The reorganization of business accrual at September 28, 2024 was 21 million related to employee separation costs that are expected to be paid within one year. 
 
 At January 1, 2024, we had an accrual of 5 million for exit costs related to our exit of the ESN contract with the UK Home Office. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we recorded a 4 million reversal for accruals no longer needed. The 1 million of exit costs are recorded in Accrued liabilities in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 28, 2024, and are expected to be paid within one year. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows provided by (used for): Operating activities 1,321 799 Investing activities (400) (172) Financing activities (1,234) (1,043) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 12 1 Decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (301) (415) 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 At September 28, 2024, 1.1 billion of the 1.4 billion cash and cash equivalents balance was held in the U.S. and 297 million was held in other countries. 
 Operating Activities 
 The increase in cash flows provided by operating activities from the first nine months of 2023 to the first nine months of 2024 was driven primarily by higher earnings, net of non-cash adjustments, and improved working capital. 
 Investing Activities 
 The increase in cash flows used for investing activities in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 was primarily due to an increase in cash used for acquisitions and investments, offset by proceeds from the sale of our Richmond, British Columbia and Richardson, Texas video manufacturing operations. 
 40 

Financing Activities 
 The increase in cash flows used for financing activities in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 was primarily driven by (see also further discussion in the "Debt," "Share Repurchase Program" and "Dividends" sections below in this Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q): 
 1.9 billion increase in repayments of debt during the first nine months of 2024 driven primarily by the repurchase of the Silver Lake Convertible Debt and repayment of our 4.0 senior notes due 2024; 
 57 million decrease in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with our employee stock option and employee stock purchase plans in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023; and 
 47 million increase in the payment of dividends in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023; partially offset by 
 1.3 billion increase in net proceeds in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 driven the issuance of our 5.0 senior notes due 2029 and 5.4 senior notes due 2034; and 
 529 million decrease in share repurchases in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. 
 Sales of Receivables 
 The following table summarizes the proceeds received from sales of accounts receivable and long-term customer financing receivables for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Accounts receivable sales proceeds 15 15 Long-term receivables sales proceeds 56 65 82 123 
 Debt 
 We had outstanding debt of 6.0 billion at September 28, 2024, of which 322 million was current. We had outstanding debt of 6.0 billion at December 31, 2023, of which 1.3 billion was current. 
 During the three months ended September 28, 2024, we repaid the 313 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.0 senior notes due 2024. 
 As of September 28, 2024, 252 million of 7.5 debentures due 2025, which mature in May 2025, and 70 million of 6.5 debentures due 2025, which mature in September 2025, were classified within the Current portion of long-term debt within the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, as the debentures mature within the next twelve months. 
 On September 5, 2019, we entered into an agreement with Silver Lake Partners to issue the Silver Lake Convertible Debt, which became fully convertible on September 5, 2021. On February 14, 2024, we agreed with Silver Lake Partners to repurchase 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the Silver Lake Convertible Debt for aggregate consideration of 1.59 billion in cash, inclusive of the conversion premium. The cash consideration was paid during the first quarter of 2024. The repurchase of the Silver Lake Convertible Debt was accounted for as an extinguishment of debt, as the repurchase was negotiated under economically favorable terms outside of the original contractual conversion rate. A loss on the extinguishment of 585 million was recorded, representing the excess of amounts repurchased over the carrying value of debt of 593 million, offset by accrued interest of 8 million. The loss on the extinguishment of debt was recorded within Other Income (Expense) in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 On March 25, 2024, we issued 400 million of 5.0 senior notes due 2029 and 900 million of 5.4 senior notes due 2034. We recognized net proceeds of 1.3 billion after debt issuance costs and discounts. A portion of proceeds from the issuance was used to repurchase the 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the Silver Lake Convertible Debt. 
 We have a 2.25 billion syndicated, unsecured revolving credit facility scheduled to mature in March 2026 (the "2021 Motorola Solutions Credit Agreement"). The 2021 Motorola Solutions Credit Agreement includes a letter of credit sub-limit and fronting commitments of 450 million. Borrowings under the facility bear interest at the prime rate plus the applicable margin, or at a spread above the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), at our option. An annual facility fee is payable on the undrawn amount of the credit line. The interest rate and facility fee are subject to adjustment if our credit rating changes. We must comply with certain customary covenants including a maximum leverage ratio, as defined in the 2021 Motorola Solutions Credit Agreement. We were in compliance with our financial covenants as of September 28, 2024. 
 We have an unsecured commercial paper program, backed by the 2021 Motorola Solutions Credit Agreement, under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of 2.2 billion outstanding at any one time. Proceeds from the issuances of the notes are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. As of September 28, 2024 we had no outstanding debt under the commercial paper program. 
 We have investment grade ratings on our senior unsecured long-term debt. During the first quarter of 2024, S P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings upgraded our credit rating to BBB from BBB-. We continue to believe that we will be able to maintain sufficient access to the capital markets in the next twelve months and the foreseeable future. 
 41 

Share Repurchase Program 
 During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, we repurchased approximately 0.1 million and 0.4 million shares at an average price of 440.53 and 355.31 per share for an aggregate amount of 31 million and 141 million, respectively. As of September 28, 2024, we had used approximately 15.7 billion of the share repurchase authority to repurchase shares, leaving 2.3 billion of authority available for future repurchases. 
 Dividends 
 During the third quarter of 2024 we paid 164 million in cash dividends to holders of our common stock. Subsequent to the quarter, we paid an additional 164 million in cash dividends to holders of our common stock. 
 Adequate Internal Funding Resources 
 We believe that we have adequate internal resources available to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet our expected working capital, capital expenditure and cash requirements for the next twelve months and the foreseeable future, as supported by the level of cash and cash equivalents in the U.S., the ability to repatriate funds from foreign jurisdictions, cash provided by operations, as well as liquidity provided by our commercial paper program backed by the 2021 Motorola Solutions Credit Agreement. 
 We do not anticipate a material decrease to net future cash flows generated from operations. We expect to use our available cash, investments, and debt facilities to support and invest in our business. This includes investing in our existing products and technologies, seeking new acquisition opportunities related to our strategic growth initiatives and returning cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments (subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors) and share repurchases. 
 Long-Term Customer Financing Commitments 
 We had outstanding commitments to provide long-term financing to third parties totaling 66 million at September 28, 2024, compared to 103 million at December 31, 2023. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Recent Accounting Pronouncements in Note 1, Basis of Presentation to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 There have been no material changes to our interest rate risk or foreign currency risk during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. For a discussion of our exposure to interest rate risk and foreign currency risk, refer to our disclosures set forth in Part II, Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk of the Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Under the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q (the Evaluation Date ). Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded as of the Evaluation Date that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such that the information relating to Motorola Solutions, including our consolidated subsidiaries, required to be disclosed in our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to Motorola Solutions management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 28, 2024 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 42 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 In addition to the matter referenced below, the Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and which have arisen in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's condensed consolidated financial position, liquidity, or results of operations. However, an unfavorable resolution could have a material adverse effect on the Company's condensed consolidated financial position, liquidity, or results of operations in the periods in which the matters are ultimately resolved, or in the periods in which more information is obtained that changes management's opinion of the ultimate disposition. 
 Refer to the description of "Hytera Litigation" in Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for information regarding our legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in the Form 10-K. 
 43 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company issued 48,044 shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of Noggin to certain former shareholders of Noggin. The stock was issued for an aggregate grant fair value of 19 million that will be expensed over an average service period of 3 years. 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company issued 6,993 shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of a vehicle management solutions company to certain former shareholders of the corporation. The stock was issued for an aggregate grant fair value of 3 million that will be expensed over an average service period of 3 years. 
 The foregoing transactions did not involve any underwriters, any underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offerings. The shares with respect to the transactions were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in a privately negotiated transactions not involving any public offerings or solicitations. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information with respect to acquisitions by the Company of shares of its common stock during the quarter ended September 28, 2024. 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price 
 Paid per 
 Share (1) 
 (c) Total Number 
 of Shares Purchased 
 as Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans 
 or Program (2) 
 (d) Approximate Dollar 
 Value of Shares that 
 May Yet Be Purchased 
 Under the Plans or 
 Program (2) 
 06/28/2024 to 07/25/2024 07/26/2024 to 08/22/2024 08/23/2024 to 09/26/2024 71,675 440.53 71,675 2,340,137,531 Total 71,675 440.53 71,675 
 (1) Average price paid per share of common stock repurchased excludes commissions paid to brokers and excise tax. As of January 1, 2023, the Company's share repurchases in excess of issuances are subject to a 1 excise tax enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The amount of excise tax incurred is included in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity for the quarter ended September 28, 2024. 
 (2) As originally announced on July 28, 2011, and subsequently amended, the Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase an aggregate amount of up to 18.0 billion of its outstanding shares of common stock (the share repurchase program ). The share repurchase program does not have an expiration date. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had used approximately 15.7 billion to repurchase shares, leaving 2.3 billion of authority available for future repurchases. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 None. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 During the three months ended September 28, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 44 

Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Gregory Q. Brown pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Jason J. Winkler pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Gregory Q. Brown pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Jason J. Winkler pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Scheme Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ___________________________________ Filed herewith Furnished herewith MOTOROLA, MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS and the Stylized M Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC and are used under license. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 2024 Motorola Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. 

45 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS, INC. By: / S / KATHERINE MAHER 
 Katherine Maher 
 Corporate Vice President and 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer Duly Authorized Officer) 
 
 November 7, 2024 
 
 46 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 msiex311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Gregory Q. Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Motorola Solutions, Inc., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Motorola Solutions, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s GREGORY Q. BROWN Gregory Q. Brown Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Motorola Solutions, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 msiex312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Jason J. Winkler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Motorola Solutions, Inc., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Motorola Solutions, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 s JASON J. WINKLER Jason J. Winkler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Motorola Solutions, Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 msiex321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Gregory Q. Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Motorola Solutions, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 906 ), that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024 (the Quarterly Report ), which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Motorola Solutions, Inc. 
 
 This certificate is being furnished solely for purposes of Section 906. 

Dated November 7, 2024 

s GREGORY Q. BROWN Gregory Q. Brown Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Motorola Solutions, Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 msiex322q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Jason J. Winkler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Motorola Solutions, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 906 ), that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024 (the Quarterly Report ), which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Motorola Solutions, Inc. 
 
 This certificate is being furnished solely for purposes of Section 906. 

Dated November 7, 2024 

s JASON J. WINKLER Jason J. Winkler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Motorola Solutions, Inc. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 msi-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 msi-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 msi-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 msi-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 msi-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

