<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1869699_0001213900-24-096769.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2177373</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>85749</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>658852</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>427648</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>404786</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>553977</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-096769.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112160130
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-096769
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ark 21Shares Bitcoin ETF
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001869699
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41910
		FILM NUMBER:		241447765

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		477 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 370-6016

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		477 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-096769.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 ea0219494-10q_ark21.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from___________ to____________ 

Commission File
Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

21Shares US LLC 

, 

, 

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of registrant s primary executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: 

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided in Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.). Yes No 

The registrant had outstanding shares as
of October 30, 2024. 

STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
quarterly report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements that generally relate to future events or future performance.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, 
 expect, intend, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 predict, potential or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. All statements (other than
statements of historical fact) included in this report that address activities, events or developments that will or may occur in the future,
including such matters as movements in the digital asset markets and indexes that track such movements, the Trust s operations,
the Sponsor s plans and references to the Trust s future success and other similar matters, are forward-looking statements.
These statements are only predictions. Actual events or results may differ materially. These statements are based upon certain assumptions
and analyses the Sponsor and the Sub-Adviser have made based on its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future
developments, as well as other factors appropriate in the circumstances. 

Whether
or not actual results and developments will conform to the Sponsor and the Sub-Adviser s expectations and predictions, however,
is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the special considerations discussed in this report, general economic, market
and business conditions, changes in laws or regulations, including those concerning taxes, made by governmental authorities or regulatory
bodies, and other world economic and political developments. Consequently, all the forward-looking statements made in this report
are qualified by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that actual results or developments the Sponsor and the Sub-Adviser
anticipate to occur will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the expected consequences to, or have
the expected effects on, the Trust s operations or the value of its Shares. 

Should one or more of these
risks discussed in Risk Factors herein or in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed on March 26, 2024, for the period ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report ), or other uncertainties materialize,
or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those described in forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are made based on the Sponsor s and the Sub-Adviser s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date
the statements are made, and neither the Trust, the Sponsor nor the Sub-Adviser is under a duty or undertakes an obligation to update
forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change, other than as required by applicable
laws. Moreover, neither the Trust, the Sponsor, the Sub-Adviser, nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness
of any of these forward-looking statements. Investors are therefore cautioned against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

The Trust is an emerging
growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). For as long as the Trust
is an emerging growth company, unlike other public companies, it will not be required to, among other things: (i) provide an auditor s
attestation report on management s assessment of the effectiveness of our system of internal control over financial reporting pursuant
to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; or (ii) comply with any new audit rules adopted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board PCAOB after April 5, 2012, unless the SEC determines otherwise. 

The Trust will cease to be
an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) it having 1.235 billion or more in annual revenues, (ii) at
least 700 million in market value of Common Shares being held by non-affiliates, (iii) it issuing more than 1.0 billion
of non-convertible debt over a three-year period; or (iv) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary
of its initial public offering. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the 1933 Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private
companies. The Trust intends to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period. 

ARK 21Shares
Bitcoin ETF 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 1 
 
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities at September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 
 
 Schedule of Investment at September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Statements
of Changes in Net Assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Unaudited Financial
Statements 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 12 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 15 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 15 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 16 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 16 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 16 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 23 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 23 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 23 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 23 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 24 
 
 Signatures 
 
 25 

i 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION: 

Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

ARK 21SHARES BITCOIN ETF 

STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

(Amounts in thousands, except Share and per
Share amounts) 

September 30, 
 2024 
 December 31, 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Investment in bitcoin, at fair value (cost 2,910,767, and - , respectively)

Cash 

1 
 
 Bitcoin sold receivable 

Total assets 

1 

Liabilities 

Capital shares payable 

Sponsor s fee payable 

Total liabilities 

Net assets 

1 

Net assets consists of: 

Paid-in-capital 

1 
 
 Accumulated earnings (loss) 

1 

Shares issued and outstanding, no par value, unlimited amount authorized

Net asset value per share 

1 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements. 

1 

ARK 21SHARES BITCOIN ETF 

SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENT 

(Amounts in thousands, except Quantity of bitcoin
and percentages) 

September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

Quantity of 
 bitcoin 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 of 
 Net 
Assets 
 
 Investment in bitcoin 

100 .03

Total investments 

100 .03

Liabilities in excess of other assets 

(0 .03) 
 
 Net assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements. 

2 

ARK 21SHARES BITCOIN ETF 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Amounts in thousands) 

For the 
 three months 
 ended September 30, 
2024 
 For the 
nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Expenses 

Sponsor s fee 

Total expenses 

Less waiver and reimbursement 

Net expenses 

Net investment loss 

Realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) 

Net realized gain on investment in bitcoin sold to pay Sponsor s fee 

Net realized gain on investment in bitcoin sold for redemptions 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment in bitcoin 

Net realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements. 

3 

ARK 21SHARES BITCOIN ETF 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

(Amounts in thousands, except change in Shares issued
and redeemed) 

For the 
three months 
 ended September 30, 
 2024 
 For the 
nine months 
 ended September 30, 
2024 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 

Net assets, beginning of period 

1 
 
 Contributions for Shares issued 

Distributions for Shares redeemed 

Net investment loss 

Net realized gain on investment in bitcoin sold to pay Sponsor s fee 

Net realized gain on investment in bitcoin sold for redemptions 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment in bitcoin 

Net assets, end of period 

Shares issued and redeemed 

Shares issued 

Shares redeemed 

Net increase in Shares issued 

1 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements. 

4 

ARK 21Shares
Bitcoin ETF 

Notes to
Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Shares
at a per-Share price of , as described in Seed Capital Investor. Total proceeds to the Trust from the sale of these
Seed Creation Baskets were . Delivery of the Seed Creation Baskets was made on December 12, 2023. These Seed Creation Baskets were
redeemed for cash on or about January 5, 2024. 

On January 9, 2024 (the Seed
Capital Purchase Date ), the Seed Capital Investor purchased Seed Creation Baskets comprising Shares (the Initial
Seed Creation Baskets at a per-share price of . Total proceeds to the Trust from the sale of the Seed Creation Baskets were
 . On January 9, 2024, the Trust purchased 10 bitcoins with the proceeds of the Seed Creation Baskets by transacting with a
Bitcoin Counterparty to acquire bitcoin on behalf of the Trust in exchange for cash provided by the Sponsor in its capacity as Seed Capital
Investor. These Seed Creation Baskets were redeemed for cash on or about January 19, 2024. 

The statements of assets and
liabilities and schedule of investments on September 30, 2024, and the statements of operations and changes in net assets for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2024, have been prepared on behalf of the Trust and are unaudited. In the opinion of management of
the Sponsor of the Trust, all adjustments (which include normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial position
and results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and for all interim periods presented have been made.
In addition, interim period results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full-year period. 

The fiscal year of the Trust
is December 31st. 

5 

6 

7 

Bitcoin sold 

Net realized gain on investment in bitcoin sold to pay Sponsor s fee 

Net realized gain on investment in bitcoin sold for redemptions 

Change in unrealized appreciation on investment in bitcoin 

Ending balance as of September 30, 2024 

of the Trust s bitcoin holdings. The Sponsor Fee is paid by the Trust to the Sponsor as compensation for services
performed under the Trust Agreement. The Sponsor agreed to waive the entire Sponsor Fee for (i) a nine-month period which commenced on
January 11, 2024 (the day the Trust s Shares were initially listed on the Exchange), or (ii) the first billion of Trust assets, whichever
came first. The Trust assets exceeded billion prior to the end of the nine-month period, at which time the waiver period ended. 

The Sponsor has agreed to
pay all operating expenses (except for litigation expenses and other extraordinary expenses) out of the Sponsor Fee. Operating expenses
assumed by the Sponsor include (i) fees to the Sub-Adviser; (ii) the Marketing Fee, (iii) fees to the administrator, if any, (iv) fees
to the bitcoin Custodians, (v) fees to the Transfer Agent, (vi) fees to the Trustee, (vii) the fees and expenses related to any future
listing, trading or quotation of the Shares on any listing exchange or quotation system (including legal, marketing and audit fees and
expenses), (viii) ordinary course legal fees and expenses but not litigation-related expenses, (ix) audit fees, (x) regulatory fees, including,
if applicable, any fees relating to the registration of the Shares under the 1933 Act or Exchange Act, (xi) printing and mailing costs;
(xii) costs of maintaining the Trust s website and (xiii) applicable license fees (each, a Sponsor-paid Expense, and
together, the Sponsor-paid Expenses ), provided that any expense that qualifies as an Additional Trust Expense (as defined
below) will be deemed to be an Additional Trust Expense and not a Sponsor-paid Expense. 

The Sponsor will not, however,
assume certain extraordinary, non-recurring expenses that are not Sponsor-paid Expenses, including, but not limited to, taxes and governmental
charges, expenses and costs of any extraordinary services performed by the Sponsor (or any other service provider) on behalf of the Trust
to protect the Trust or the interests of Shareholders, any indemnification of the bitcoin Custodians, Administrator or other agents, service
providers or counter-parties of the Trust, the fees and expenses related to the listing, and extraordinary legal fees and expenses, including
any legal fees and expenses incurred in connection with litigation, regulatory enforcement or investigation matters (collectively, Additional
Trust Expenses ). Of the Sponsor-paid Expenses, ordinary course legal fees and expenses shall be subject to a cap of per
annum. In the Sponsor s sole discretion, all or any portion of a Sponsor-paid Expense may be re-designated as an Additional Trust
Expense. 

To the extent that the Sponsor does not voluntarily assume expenses, they will be the responsibility of the Trust. The Sponsor
also pays the costs of the Trust s organization and offering. The Trust is not obligated to repay any such costs related to the
Trust s organization and offering paid by the Sponsor. 

8 

Shares or multiples thereof. Only Authorized Participants,
which are registered broker-dealers who have entered into written agreements with the Sponsor and the Administrator, can place orders.
The Trust engages in bitcoin transactions for converting cash into bitcoin (in association with purchase orders) and bitcoin into cash
(in association with redemption orders). The Trust conducts its bitcoin purchase and sale transactions by, in its sole discretion, choosing
to trade directly with third parties (each, a bitcoin Trading Counterparty ), who are not registered broker-dealers pursuant
to written agreements between such bitcoin Trading Counterparties and the Trust, or choosing to trade through the Prime Broker acting
in an agency capacity with third parties through its Coinbase Prime service pursuant to the Prime Broker Agreement. A bitcoin Trading
Counterparty may be an affiliate of an Authorized Participant. 

The Authorized Participants deliver only cash to create Shares and receive
only cash when redeeming Shares. Further, Authorized Participants will not directly or indirectly purchase, hold, deliver, or receive
bitcoin as part of the creation or redemption process or otherwise direct the Trust or a third-party with respect to purchasing, holding,
delivering, or receiving bitcoin as part of the creation or redemption process. 

The Trust creates Shares by
receiving bitcoin from a third-party that is not the Authorized Participant and the Trust not the Authorized Participant is
responsible for selecting the third-party to deliver the bitcoin. Further, the third-party will not be acting as an agent of the Authorized
Participant with respect to the delivery of the bitcoin to the Trust or acting at the direction of the Authorized Participant with respect
to the delivery of the bitcoin to the Trust. The Trust redeems Shares by delivering bitcoin to a third-party that is not the Authorized
Participant and the Trust not the Authorized Participant is responsible for selecting the third-party to receive the bitcoin.
Further, the third-party will not be acting as an agent of the Authorized Participant with respect to the receipt of the bitcoin from
the Trust or acting at the direction of the Authorized Participant with respect to the receipt of the bitcoin from the Trust. 

Shares redeemed 

Net Change in Capital Transactions Issued and Redeemed 

Shares redeemed 

Net Change in Capital Transactions Issued and Redeemed 

9 

Shares of the Trust. 

The Sponsor arranged for the
creation of the Trust and is responsible for the ongoing registration of the Shares for their public offering in the United States and
the listing of Shares on the Exchange. 

Net investment income (loss) on investment in bitcoin (1) 

Net realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) on investment in bitcoin 

Net change in net assets from operations 

Net asset value per Share, end of period 

Total return, at net asset value (2) 

Ratio to average net assets (3) 

Net investment income (loss) 

Gross expenses 

Net expenses 

10 

11 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

This information should
be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes included in Item 1 of Part I of this Form 10-Q. This Form 10-Q contains
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such forward-looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties. All statements (other than statements of historical fact) included in this Form 10-Q that address activities, events or
developments that may occur in the future, the Trust s operations, the Sponsor s plans and references to the Trust s
future success and other similar matters are forward-looking statements. Words such as could, would, may, 
 expect, intend, estimate, predict, and variations on such words or negatives
thereof, and similar expressions that reflect our current views with respect to future events and Trust performance, are intended to
identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are only predictions, subject to risks and uncertainties that
are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, and actual results could differ materially from those discussed.
Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those
expressed therein. We express our estimates, expectations, beliefs, and projections in good faith and believe them to have a reasonable
basis. However, we make no assurances that management s estimates, expectations, beliefs, or projections will be achieved or accomplished.
These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions about many important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those in the forward-looking statements. We do not intend to update any forward-looking statements even if new information becomes
available or other events occur in the future, except as required by the federal securities laws. 

Organization and Trust Overview 

The ARK 21Shares Bitcoin ETF
(the Trust is a Delaware statutory trust, formed on June 22, 2021, pursuant to the Delaware Statutory Trust Act DSTA ).
The Trust operates pursuant to an Amended and Restated Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement ). The Trust is not registered
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act and is not a
commodity pool for purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act CEA ). The Trust is managed and controlled by 21Shares US LLC
(the Sponsor ). The Sponsor is a limited liability company formed in the state of Delaware on June 16, 2021, and is a wholly
owned subsidiary of Jura Pentium Inc., whose ultimate parent company is 21co Holdings Limited (formerly known as Amun Holdings Limited).
The Sponsor is not subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC as a commodity pool operator
with respect to the Trust, or a commodity trading advisor with respect to the Trust. The Trust is an exchange-traded fund ETF that issues units of beneficial interest (the Shares representing fractional undivided beneficial interests in its net
assets that trade on the Cboe BZX Exchange, Inc. (the Exchange ). The Shares are listed for trading on the Exchange under
a ticker symbol ARKB . 

On December 12, 2023, the
Sponsor, in its capacity as Seed Capital Investor, subject to conditions, purchased the initial Seed Creation Baskets comprising 2 Shares
at a per-Share price of 50.00, as described in Seed Capital Investor. Total proceeds to the Trust from the sale of these
Seed Creation Baskets were 100. Delivery of the Seed Creation Baskets was made on December 12, 2023. These Seed Creation Baskets were
redeemed for cash on or about January 5, 2024. 

On January 9, 2024 (the Seed
Capital Purchase Date ), the Seed Capital Investor purchased Seed Creation Baskets comprising 10,000 Shares (the Initial
Seed Creation Baskets at a per-share price of 46.88. Total proceeds to the Trust from the sale of the Seed Creation Baskets were
 468,806.44. On January 9, 2024, the Trust purchased 10 bitcoins with the proceeds of the Seed Creation Baskets by transacting with a
Bitcoin Counterparty to acquire bitcoin on behalf of the Trust in exchange for cash provided by the Sponsor in its capacity as Seed Capital
Investor. These Seed Creation Baskets were redeemed for cash on or about January 19, 2024. 

The Trust s investment
objective is to seek to track the performance of bitcoin, as measured by the performance of the CME CF Bitcoin Reference Rate New
York Variant (the Index ), adjusted for the Trust s expenses and other liabilities. CF Benchmarks Ltd. is the administrator
for the Index (the Index Provider ). The Index is designed to reflect the performance of bitcoin in U.S. dollars. In seeking
to achieve its investment objective, the Trust holds bitcoin at its Custodians and values its Shares daily based on the Index. The Trust
is a passive investment vehicle and is not a leveraged product. The Sponsor does not actively manage the bitcoin held by the Trust. 

The Trust issues Shares only
in Creation Units of 5,000 or multiples thereof. Creation Units are issued and redeemed in exchange for cash. Individual Shares will not
be redeemed by the Trust but are listed and traded on the Exchange under the ticker symbol ARKB. The Trust issues Shares
in Creation Units on a continuous basis at the applicable NAV per Share on the creation order date. 

12 

The Trust pays the unitary
Sponsor Fee of 0.21 of the Trust s bitcoin holdings. The Sponsor Fee is paid by the Trust to the Sponsor as compensation for services
performed under the Trust Agreement. The Sponsor agreed to waive the entire Sponsor Fee for (i) a nine-month period which commenced on
January 11, 2024 (the day the Trust s Shares were initially listed on the Exchange), or (ii) the first 1 billion of Trust assets,
whichever came first. The Trust assets exceeded 1 billion prior to the end of the nine-month period, at which time the waiver period
ended. 

The Trust is an emerging
growth company as that term is used in the Securities Act and, as such, the Trust may elect to comply with certain reduced public
company reporting requirements. 

The NAV of the Trust is used
by the Trust in its day-to-day operations to measure the net value of the Trust s assets. The NAV is calculated on each business
day and is equal to the aggregate value of the Trust s assets less its liabilities based on the Index price. In determining the
NAV of the Trust on any business day, the Administrator calculates the price of the bitcoin held by the Trust as of 4:00 p.m. ET on such
day. The Administrator also calculates the NAV per Share of the Trust, which equals the NAV of the Trust divided by the
number of outstanding Shares. For purposes of making these calculations, a business day means any day other than a day when the Exchange
is closed for regular trading. 

In addition to calculating
NAV and NAV per Share, for purposes of the Trust s financial statements, the Trust determines the Principal Market NAV and Principal
Market NAV per Share on each valuation date for such financial statements. The determination of the Principal Market NAV and Principal
Market NAV per Share is identical to the calculation of NAV and NAV per Share, respectively, except that the value of bitcoin is determined
using the fair value of bitcoin based on the price in the bitcoin market that the Trust considers its principal market as
of 4:00 p.m. ET on the valuation date, rather than using the Index. 

NAV and NAV per Share are
not measures calculated in accordance with GAAP and are not intended as substitute for Principal Market and Principal Market NAV per Share,
respectively. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The financial statements and
accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation
of these financial statements relies on estimates and assumptions that impact the Trust s financial position and results of operations.
These estimates and assumptions affect the Trust s application of accounting policies. Below is a summary of accounting policies
on cash and investment valuation. There were no material estimates involving a significant level of estimation uncertainty that had or
are reasonably likely to have had a material impact on the Trust s financial condition used in the preparation of the financial
statements. In addition, please refer to Note 2 to the Financial Statements included in this report for further discussion of the Trust s
accounting policies. 

Cash 

Cash includes non-interest
bearing, non-restricted cash maintained with one financial institution that does not exceed U.S. federally insured limits. 

Investment Valuation 

The Trust s policy is
to value investments held at fair value. The Trust follows the provisions of ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements ASC 820 ).
ASC 820 provides guidance for determining fair value and requires increased disclosure regarding the inputs to valuation techniques used
to measure fair value. ASC 820 determines fair value to be the price that would be received for bitcoin in a current sale, which assumes
an exit price resulting from an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820-10 requires the assumption
that bitcoin is sold in its principal market to market participants (or in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market). 

The Trust utilizes an
exchange traded price from the Trust s principal market for bitcoin as of 4:00 p.m. ET on the Trust s financial statement
measurement date. 

13 

Results of Operations (Amounts in
thousands, except Price of bitcoin and Shares outstanding) 

For the Three Months ended on September 30,
2024 

The Trust s net
asset value increased from 2,849,575 on June 30, 2024 to 3,206,095 on September 30, 2024. The increase in the Trust s net
asset value resulted primarily from an increase in bitcoin price of 2.48 (from 61,929.29 per bitcoin as of June 30, 2024 to
 63,464.76 per bitcoin as of September 30, 2024) and an increase of number of shares outstanding from 46,050,000 on June 30, 2024 to
50,585,000 on September 30, 2024. 

The Trust s net
increase in net assets resulting from operations for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 46,097. This number is largely the
result of a realized gain of 83 on the sale of bitcoin for purposes of distributing to the Sponsor as the Sponsor s fee and,
net realized gain on investment in bitcoin sold for redemptions of 53,132 partially offset by a change in unrealized depreciation
on investment in bitcoin of (5,609). The Trust expenses for the quarter were 1,509, relating to the Sponsor s fees. 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

The Trust s net
asset value increased from - 1 on December 31, 2023 to 3,206,095 on September 30, 2024. The increase in the
Trust s net asset value resulted primarily from an increase in the price of bitcoin of 36 (from 46,666.89 per bitcoin on
January 11, 2024 to 63,464.76 per bitcoin on September 30, 2024) and a net increase in the number of shares outstanding of
50,584,998 from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. 

The Trust s net increase
in net assets resulting from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 481,493. This was the result of a change in
unrealized appreciation on investment in bitcoin of 296,403, a net realized gain of 410, on the sale of bitcoins for purposes of distributing
to the Sponsor as the Sponsor s fee, and net realized gain on investment in bitcoin sold for redemptions of 188,372. The Trust
expenses for the nine-month period were 3,692, relating to the Sponsor s fees. 

No prior year comparative period has been provided as this
is the first year of the Trust s operations. 

1 Amount rounds to less than 1,000. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Trust is not aware of
any trends, demands, commitments, events, or uncertainties that are reasonably likely to result in material changes to its liquidity needs.
The Trust s only ordinary recurring expense is the fee paid to the Sponsor at an annual rate of 0.21 of the daily net asset value
of the Trust. The Sponsor agreed to waive the entire Sponsor Fee for (i) a six-month period which commenced on January 11, 2024 (the day
the Trust s Shares were initially listed on the Exchange), or (ii) the first 1 billion of Trust assets, whichever came first. The
Trust assets exceeded 1 billion prior to the end of the six month period, at which time the waiver period ended. In exchange for the
Sponsor s fee, the Sponsor has agreed to assume the ordinary fees and expenses incurred by the Trust, including but not limited
to the following: fees charged by the Sub-Adviser, Administrator, the Custodians, Transfer Agent and the Trustee, the Marketing Fee, Cboe
BZX Exchange listing fees, typical maintenance and transaction fees of the DTC, SEC registration fees, printing and mailing costs, website
fees, tax reporting fees, audit fees, license fees and expenses, up to 100,000 per annum in ordinary legal fees and expenses. The Sponsor
bears expenses in connection with the Trust s organization and initial offering costs. 

The Sponsor is not required
to pay any extraordinary or non-routine expenses. Extraordinary expenses are fees and expenses which are unexpected or unusual in nature,
such as legal claims and liabilities and litigation costs or indemnification or other unanticipated expenses. Extraordinary fees and expenses
also include material expenses which are not currently anticipated obligations of the Trust. The Trust will be responsible for the payment
of such expenses to the extent any such expenses are incurred. Routine operational, administrative, and other ordinary expenses are not
deemed extraordinary expenses. The Trust will sell bitcoin on an as-needed basis to pay the Sponsor s fee. 

14 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risks 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

The duly authorized officers
of the Sponsor performing functions equivalent to those a principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Trust would
perform if the Trust had any officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Trust s disclosure controls and procedures, and have
concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of the Trust were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to
provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Trust files or submits under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the applicable
rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to the duly authorized officers of the Sponsor performing functions equivalent
to those a principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Trust would perform if the Trust had any officers, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

There are inherent limitations
to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention
or overriding of the controls and procedures. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

During the quarter ended September
30, 2024, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15(d)-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

15 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION: 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, the Trust
may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, the Trust was not subject to
any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, are any material legal proceeding threatened against the Trust. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

You should carefully consider
the risk factors discussed below as well as the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report,
which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. Other than as described herein, there have been no
material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in our Annual Report on. 

The risks described below
and in our Annual Report are not the only risks facing the Trust. You should also consider any risks and uncertainties described under
the caption Risk Factors in any applicable prospectus, prospectus supplement, registration statement or other document that
we file with the SEC before or after the date of this prospectus that is incorporated by reference herein. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and/or operating results. 

Limits on bitcoin supply. 

Under the source code that
governs the Bitcoin network, the supply of new bitcoin is mathematically controlled so that the number of bitcoin grows at a limited rate
pursuant to a pre-set schedule. The number of bitcoin awarded for solving a new block is automatically halved after every 210,000
blocks are added to the Bitcoin blockchain, approximately every 4 years. Currently, the fixed reward for solving a new block is 3.125
bitcoin per block. This deliberately controlled rate of bitcoin creation means that the number of bitcoin in existence will increase at
a controlled rate until the number of bitcoin in existence reaches the pre-determined 21 million bitcoin. However, the 21 million
supply cap could be changed in a hard fork. As of November 2023, approximately 19 million bitcoin were outstanding and the date
when the 21 million Bitcoin limitation will be reached is estimated to be the year 2140. 

The trading prices of
many digital assets, including bitcoin, have experienced extreme volatility in recent periods and may continue to do so. Extreme volatility
in the future, including further declines in the trading prices of bitcoin, could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Shares
and the Shares could lose all or substantially all of their value. 

The trading prices of many
digital assets, including bitcoin, have experienced extreme volatility in recent periods and may continue to do so. For instance, there
were steep increases in the value of certain digital assets, including bitcoin, over the course of 2021, and multiple market observers
asserted that digital assets were experiencing a bubble. These increases were followed by steep drawdowns throughout 2022
in digital asset trading prices, including for bitcoin. These episodes of rapid price appreciation followed by steep drawdowns have occurred
multiple times throughout bitcoin s history, including in 2011, 2013-2014, and 2017-2018, before repeating again in 2021-2022.
Over the course of 2023-2024, bitcoin prices continued to exhibit extreme volatility. 

Extreme volatility may persist,
and the value of the Shares may significantly decline in the future without recovery. The digital asset markets may still be experiencing
a bubble or may experience a bubble again in the future. For example, in the first half of 2022, each of Celsius Network, Voyager Digital
Ltd., and Three Arrows Capital declared bankruptcy, resulting in a loss of confidence in participants of the digital asset ecosystem and
negative publicity surrounding digital assets more broadly. In November 2022, FTX Trading Ltd. FTX ), one of the largest
digital asset exchanges by volume at the time, halted customer withdrawals amid rumors of the company s liquidity issues and likely
insolvency, which were subsequently corroborated by its CEO. Shortly thereafter, FTX s CEO resigned, and FTX and many of its
affiliates filed for bankruptcy in the United States, while other affiliates have entered insolvency, liquidation, or similar proceedings
around the globe, following which the U.S. Department of Justice brought criminal fraud and other charges, and the SEC and CFTC brought
civil securities and commodities fraud charges, against certain of FTX s and its affiliates senior executives, including
its former CEO, who was found guilty of these criminal charges in November 2023. In addition, several other entities in the digital
asset industry filed for bankruptcy following FTX s bankruptcy filing, such as BlockFi Inc. and Genesis Global Capital, LLC Genesis ).
In response to these events (collectively, the 2022 Events ), the digital asset markets have experienced extreme price volatility
and other entities in the digital asset industry have been, and may continue to be, negatively affected, further undermining confidence
in the digital asset markets. These events have also negatively impacted the liquidity of the digital asset markets as certain entities
affiliated with FTX engaged in significant trading activity. If the liquidity of the digital asset markets continues to be negatively
impacted by these events, digital asset prices, including bitcoin, may continue to experience significant volatility or price declines,
and confidence in the digital asset markets may be further undermined. In addition, regulatory and enforcement scrutiny has increased,
including from, among others, the U.S. Department of Justice, the SEC, the CFTC, the White House and Congress, as well as state regulators
and authorities. These events are continuing to develop, and the full facts are continuing to emerge. It is not possible to predict at
this time all of the risks that they may pose to the Trust, its service providers or to the digital asset industry as a whole. 

16 

Extreme volatility in the
future, including further declines in the trading prices of bitcoin, could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Shares,
and the Shares could lose all or substantially all of their value. The Trust is not actively managed and will not take any actions to
take advantage, or mitigate the impacts, of volatility in the price of bitcoin. 

The Bitcoin network
faces scaling challenges and efforts to increase the volume of transactions may not be successful. 

Many digital asset networks
face significant scaling challenges due to the fact that public blockchains generally face a tradeoff between security and scalability. 

As of July 2017, bitcoin
could handle, on average, five to seven transactions per second. For several years, participants in the Bitcoin ecosystem debated
potential approaches to increasing the average number of transactions per second that the Bitcoin network could handle. As of August 2017,
the Bitcoin network was upgraded with a technical feature known as segregated witness that, among other things, could potentially
approximately double the transactions per second that can be handled on-chain. More importantly, segregated witness also enables so-called second
layer solutions, such as the Lightning Network or payment channels, which could potentially allow faster transaction settlement. 

An increasing number of wallets
and digital asset intermediaries, such as bitcoin spot markets, have begun supporting segregated witness and the Lightning Network, or
similar technology. The Lightning Network is an open-source decentralized network that enables instant off-Bitcoin blockchain
transfers of the ownership of bitcoin without the need of a trusted third party. The system utilizes bidirectional payment channels that
consist of multi-signature addresses. One on-blockchain transaction is needed to open a channel and another on-blockchain transaction
can close the channel. Once a channel is open, value can be transferred instantly between counterparties, who are engaging in real bitcoin
transactions without broadcasting them to the Bitcoin network. New transactions will replace previous transactions and the counterparties
will store everything locally as long as the channel stays open to increase transaction throughput and reduce computational burden on
the Bitcoin network. 

Liquidity risk 

The ability of the Trust or
a Bitcoin Counterparty to buy or sell bitcoin may be adversely affected by limited trading volume, lack of a market maker in the digital
asset markets, or legal restrictions. It is also possible that a bitcoin spot market or governmental authority may suspend or restrict
trading in bitcoin altogether. Therefore, it may not always be possible to execute a buy or sell order at the desired price or to liquidate
an open position due to market conditions on spot markets, regulatory issues affecting bitcoin or other issues affecting counterparties.
Bitcoin is a new asset with a very limited trading history. Therefore, the markets for bitcoin may be less liquid and more volatile than
other markets for more established products. 

Shares of the Trust are listed
and traded on the Exchange. There is no certainty that there will be liquidity available on the Exchange or that the market price will
be in line with the NAV or the Principal Market NAV at any given time. There is also no guarantee that the Shares of the Trust will remain
listed or traded on the Exchange. 

As the use of digital asset
networks increases without a corresponding increase in transaction processing speed of the networks, average fees and settlement times
can increase significantly. Bitcoin s network has been, at times, at capacity, which has led to increased transaction fees. During
the period from January 1, 2017, to January 31, 2021, average bitcoin transaction fees increased from 0.39 per transaction
to 11.56 per transaction, with a high of 54.83 per transaction on December 12, 2017. 

Increased fees and decreased
settlement speeds could preclude certain use cases for bitcoin (e.g., micropayments), and can reduce demand for and the price of bitcoin,
which could adversely impact the value of the Shares. There is no guarantee that any of the mechanisms in place or being explored for
increasing the scale of settlement of transactions in bitcoin will be effective, or how long these mechanisms will take to become effective,
which could adversely impact an investment in the Shares. 

17 

The lack of active trading
markets for the Shares may result in losses on Shareholders investments at the time of disposition of Shares. 

Although Shares of the Trust
are publicly listed and traded on an exchange, there can be no guarantee that an active trading market for the Shares will be maintained.
If Shareholders need to sell their Shares at a time when no active market for them exists, the price Shareholders receive for their Shares,
assuming that Shareholders are able to sell them, may be lower than the price that Shareholders would receive if an active market did
exist and, accordingly, a Shareholder may suffer losses. 

The development and
commercialization of the Trust is subject to competitive pressures. 

The Trust and the Sponsor
face competition with respect to the creation of competing products, such as exchange-traded products offering exposure to the spot
bitcoin market or other digital assets. In January 2024, the SEC approved several exchange-traded bitcoin products, and many
of such products, including the Trust, could fail to acquire substantial assets, or fail to retain acquired assets due to competition
and/or market conditions. 

The Sponsor s competitors
may have greater financial, technical and human resources than the Sponsor. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be
effective competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. The Trust s competitors
may also charge a substantially lower fee than the Sponsor Fee in order to achieve initial market acceptance and scale. Accordingly, the
Sponsor s competitors may commercialize a competing product more rapidly or effectively than the Sponsor is able to, which could
adversely affect the Sponsor s competitive position and the likelihood that the Trust will achieve market acceptance, and could
have a detrimental effect on the scale and sustainability of the Trust and the Sponsor s ability to generate meaningful revenues
from the Trust. 

If the Trust fails to achieve
sufficient scale due to competition, the Sponsor may have difficulty raising sufficient revenue to cover the costs associated with launching
and maintaining the Trust, and such shortfalls could impact the Sponsor s ability to properly invest in robust ongoing operations
and controls of the Trust to minimize the risk of operating events, errors, or other forms of losses to the Shareholders. In addition,
the Trust may also fail to attract adequate liquidity in the secondary market due to such competition, resulting in a sub-standard number
of Authorized Participants willing to make a market in the Shares, which in turn could result in a significant premium or discount in
the Shares for extended periods and the Trust s failure to reflect the performance of the price of bitcoin. 

There can be no assurance
that the Trust will grow to or maintain an economically viable size. There is no guarantee that the Sponsor will maintain a commercial
advantage relative to competitors offering similar products. Whether or not the Trust and the Sponsor are successful in achieving the
intended scale for the Trust may be impacted by a range of factors, such as the Trust s timing in entering the market and its fee
structure relative to those of competitive products. 

An investment in the Trust is not a deposit
and is not FDIC-insured. Shareholders limited rights of legal recourse against the Trust, Trustee, Sponsor, Administrator, Prime
Broker and Custodians expose the Trust and its Shareholders to the risk of loss of the Trust s bitcoin for which no person or entity
is liable. 

The Trust is not a banking institution or otherwise
a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC or Securities Investor Protection Corporation SIPC and, therefore, deposits held with or assets held by the Trust are not subject to the protections enjoyed by depositors with FDIC or SIPC
member institutions. In addition, neither the Trust nor the Sponsor insure the Trust s bitcoin. 

18 

On September 11, 2024, the Trust entered into
separate custodial services agreements (each, a Custodial Services Agreement and, collectively, including the agreement
with Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC Coinbase Custodian entered into between the Trust and the Coinbase Custodian
(the Coinbase Custody Agreement ), the Custodial Services Agreements with each of (i) BitGo New York Trust
Company, LLC , a New York Trust Company BitGo Custodian (the BitGo Custody Agreement and (ii) Anchorage
Digital Bank N.A., a South Dakota chartered Trust Company and a federally chartered crypto bank Anchorage Custodian and
together with Coinbase Custodian and BitGo Custodian, the Custodians) (the Anchorage Custody Agreement ). While the Custodians
have advised the Sponsor that they have insurance coverage, that covers losses of the digital assets it custodies on behalf of its clients,
including the Trust s bitcoin, resulting from theft, Shareholders cannot be assured that the Custodians will maintain adequate insurance,
that such coverage will cover losses with respect to the Trust s bitcoin, or that sufficient insurance proceeds will be available
to cover the Trust s losses in full. The Custodians insurance may not cover the type of losses experienced by the Trust.
Alternatively, the Trust may be forced to share such insurance proceeds with other clients or customers of the Custodians, which could
reduce the amount of such proceeds that are available to the Trust. In addition, the bitcoin insurance market is limited, and the level
of insurance maintained by the Custodians may be substantially lower than the assets of the Trust. While the Custodians maintain certain
capital reserve requirements depending on the assets under custody, and such capital reserves may provide additional means to cover client
asset losses, the Trust cannot be assured that the Custodians will maintain capital reserves sufficient to cover actual or potential losses
with respect to the Trust s digital assets. The insurance maintained by the Custodians is shared among all of the Custodians 
customers, is not specific to the Trust or to customers holding bitcoin with the Custodians, and may not be available or sufficient to
protect the Trust from all possible losses or sources of losses. 

Furthermore, under each of the Custodial Services
Agreements, the respective Custodian s liability is limited. With respect to the Coinbase Custody Agreement, Coinbase Custody s
liability is as follows, among others: (i) other than with respect to claims and losses arising from spot trading of bitcoin, or fraud
or willful misconduct, the Mutually Capped Liabilities (defined below), the Coinbase Custodian s aggregate liability under the Custodial
Services Agreement shall not exceed the greater of (A) the greater of (x) 5 million and (y) the aggregate fees paid by the Trust to the
Coinbase Custodian in the 12 months prior to the event giving rise to the Coinbase Custodian s liability, and (B) the value of the
affected bitcoin or cash giving rise to the Coinbase Custodian s liability; (ii) the Coinbase Custodian s aggregate liability
in respect of each cold storage address shall not exceed 100 million; (iii) in respect of the Coinbase Custodian s obligations
to indemnify the Trust and its affiliates against third-party claims and losses to the extent arising out of or relating to, among others,
the Coinbase Custodian s gross negligence, violation of its confidentiality, data protection and/or information security obligations,
or violation of any law, rule or regulation with respect to the provision of its services (the Mutually Capped Liabilities ),
the Coinbase Custodian s liability shall not exceed the greater of (A) 5 million and (B) the aggregate fees paid by the Trust to
the Coinbase Custodian in the 12 months prior to the event giving rise to the Coinbase Custodian s liability; and (iv) in respect
of any incidental, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or similar losses, the Coinbase Custodian is not liable, even if the Coinbase
Custodian has been advised of or knew or should have known of the possibility thereof. In general, the Coinbase Custodian is not liable
under the Custodial Services Agreement unless in the event of its negligence, fraud, material violation of applicable law or willful misconduct.
The Coinbase Custodian is not liable for delays, suspension of operations, failure in performance, or interruption of service to the extent
it is directly due to a cause or condition beyond the reasonable control of the Coinbase Custodian. In the event of potential losses incurred
by the Trust as a result of the Coinbase Custodian losing control of the Trust s bitcoin or failing to properly execute instructions
on behalf of the Trust, the Coinbase Custodian s liability with respect to the Trust will be subject to certain limitations which
may allow it to avoid liability for potential losses or may be insufficient to cover the value of such potential losses, even if the Coinbase
Custodian directly caused such losses. Furthermore, the insurance maintained by the Coinbase Custodian may be insufficient to cover its
liabilities to the Trust. 

With respect to the BitGo Custody Agreement, BitGo
and its affiliates, including their officers, directors, agents, and employees, are not liable for any lost profits, special, incidental,
indirect, intangible, or consequential damages resulting from authorized or unauthorized use of the Trust or Sponsor s site or services.
This includes damages arising from any contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or other legal grounds, even if BitGo was previously
advised of, knew, or should have known about the possibility of such damages. However, this exclusion of liability does not extend to
cases of BitGo s fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence. In situations of gross negligence, BitGo s liability is specifically
limited to the value of the digital assets or fiat currency that were affected by the negligence. Additionally, the total liability of
BitGo for direct damages is capped at the fees paid or payable to them under the relevant agreement during the twelve-month period immediately
preceding the first incident that caused the liability. 

19 

With respect to the Anchorage Custody Agreement,
except for Anchorage s bad acts, confidentiality obligations under the Anchorage Custody Agreement, indemnification obligations
under Anchorage Custody Agreement, or obligations with respect to rights to or limits on use under the Anchorage Custody Agreement, Anchorage
is not liable for any losses, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, for any amount in excess of fees paid by the Trust in the twelve
(12) months prior to when the liability arises. Moreover, Anchorage is not liable for (i) losses which arise from its compliance with
applicable laws, including sanctions laws administered by OFAC; or (ii) special, indirect or consequential damages, or lost profits or
loss of business arising in connection with Anchorage Custody Agreement. In addition, Anchorage is not be liable for any losses which
arise as a result of the non-return of digital assets that the Trust has delegated to Anchorage or a third party for on-chain services,
such as staking, voting, vesting, and signaling, unless such losses occur as a result of Anchorage s fraud or intentional misconduct. 

Similarly, under the Prime Broker Agreement, the
Prime Broker s liability is limited as follows, among others: (i) other than with respect to claims and losses arising from spot
trading of bitcoin, or fraud or willful misconduct, or the PB Mutually Capped Liabilities (defined below), the Prime Broker s aggregate
liability shall not exceed the greater of (A) the greater of (x) 5 million and (y) the aggregate fees paid by the Trust to the Prime
Broker in the 12 months prior to the event giving rise to the Prime Broker s liability, and (B) the value of the cash or affected
bitcoin giving rise to the Prime Broker s liability; (ii) in respect of the Prime Broker s obligations to indemnify the Trust
and its affiliates against third-party claims and losses to the extent arising out of or relating to, among others, the Prime Broker s
gross negligence, violation of its confidentiality, data protection and/or information security obligations, violation of any law, rule
or regulation with respect to the provision of its services, or the full amount of the Trust s assets lost due to the insolvency
of or security event at a Connected Trading Venue (as defined below) (the PB Mutually Capped Liabilities ), the Prime Broker s
liability shall not exceed the greater of (A) 5 million and (B) the aggregate fees paid by the Trust to the Prime Broker in the 12 months
prior to the event giving rise to the Prime Broker s liability; and (iii) in respect of any incidental, indirect, special, punitive,
consequential or similar losses, the Prime Broker is not liable, even if the Prime Broker has been advised of or knew or should have known
of the possibility thereof. In general, with limited exceptions (such as for failing to execute an order), the Prime Broker is not liable
under the Prime Broker Agreement unless in the event of its gross negligence, fraud, material violation of applicable law or willful misconduct.
The Prime Broker is not liable for delays, suspension of operations, failure in performance, or interruption of service to the extent
it is directly due to a cause or condition beyond the reasonable control of the Prime Broker. These and the other limitations on the Prime
Broker s liability may allow it to avoid liability for potential losses or may be insufficient to cover the value of such potential
losses, even if the Prime Broker directly caused such losses. Both the Trust and the Prime Broker and its affiliates (including the Coinbase
Custodian) are required to indemnify each other under certain circumstances. 

Moreover, in the event of an insolvency or bankruptcy
of the Prime Broker (in the case of a trading account (the Trading Balance )) or the Custodians (in the case of segregated
accounts in which the Custodians will custody all of the Trust s bitcoin from time to time (the Vault Balances )) in
the future, given that the contractual protections and legal rights of customers with respect to digital assets held on their behalf by
third parties are relatively untested in a bankruptcy of an entity such as the Custodians or Prime Broker in the virtual currency industry,
there is a risk that customers assets including the Trust s assets may be considered the property of the
bankruptcy estate of the Prime Broker (in the case of the Trading Balance) or the Custodians (in the case of the Vault Balance), and customers
 including the Trust may be at risk of being treated as general unsecured creditors of such entities and subject to the
risk of total loss or markdowns on value of such assets. 

20 

The Coinbase Custodial Services Agreement contains
an agreement by the parties to treat the bitcoin credited to the Trust s Vault Balance at the Coinbase Custodian as financial assets
under Article 8 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code Article 8 ), in addition to stating that the Coinbase Custodian
will serve as fiduciary and custodian on the Trust s behalf. The Coinbase Custodian s parent, Coinbase Global Inc., has stated
in its most recent public securities filings that in light of the inclusion in its custody agreements of provisions relating to Article
8 it believes that a court would not treat custodied digital assets as part of its general estate in the event the Coinbase Custodian
were to experience insolvency. However, due to the novelty of digital asset custodial arrangements courts have not yet considered this
type of treatment for custodied digital assets and it is not possible to predict with certainty how they would rule in such a scenario.
If the Coinbase Custodian became subject to insolvency proceedings and a court were to rule that the custodied bitcoin were part of the
Coinbase Custodian s general estate and not the property of the Trust, then the Trust would be treated as a general unsecured creditor
in the Coinbase Custodian s insolvency proceedings and the Trust could be subject to the loss of all or a significant portion of
its assets. Moreover, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Coinbase Custodian, an automatic stay could go into effect and protracted
litigation could be required in order to recover the assets held with the Coinbase Custodian, all of which could significantly and negatively
impact the Trust s operations and the value of the Shares. 

With respect to the Prime Broker Agreement, there
is a risk that the Trading Balance, in which the Trust s bitcoin and cash is held in omnibus accounts by the Prime Broker, could
be considered part of the Prime Broker s bankruptcy estate in the event of the Prime Broker s bankruptcy. The Prime Broker
Agreement contains an Article 8 opt-in clause with respect to the Trust s assets held in the Trading Balance. 

The amount of bitcoin that may be held in the
Trading Balance will be limited to the amount necessary to process a given creation or redemption transaction, as applicable, or to pay
for Trust Expenses not assumed by the Sponsor in consideration for the Sponsor Fee. 

The Prime Broker is not required to hold any of
the bitcoin or cash in the Trust s Trading Balance in segregation. Within the Trading Balance, the Prime Broker Agreement provides
that the Trust does not have an identifiable claim to any particular bitcoin (and cash). Instead, the Trust s Trading Balance represents
an entitlement to a pro rata share of the bitcoin (and cash) the Prime Broker has allocated to the omnibus wallets the Prime Broker holds,
as well as the accounts in the Prime Broker s name that the Prime Broker maintains at Connected Trading Venues (the Connected
Trading Venue (which are typically held on an omnibus, rather than segregated, basis). If the Prime Broker suffers an insolvency
event, there is a risk that the Trust s assets held in the Trading Balance could be considered part of the Prime Broker s
bankruptcy estate and the Trust could be treated as a general unsecured creditor of the Prime Broker, which could result in losses for
the Trust and Shareholders. Moreover, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Prime Broker, an automatic stay could go into effect and protracted
litigation could be required in order to recover the assets held with the Prime Broker, all of which could significantly and negatively
impact the Trust s operations and the value of the Shares. 

Under the Trust Agreement, the Trustee and the
Sponsor will not be liable for any liability or expense incurred, including, without limitation, as a result of any loss of bitcoin by
the Custodians or Prime Broker, absent willful misconduct, gross negligence, reckless disregard or bad faith on the part of the Trustee
or the Sponsor or breach by the Sponsor of the Trust Agreement, as the case may be. As a result, the recourse of the Trust or the Shareholders
to the Trustee or the Sponsor, including in the event of a loss of bitcoin by the Custodians or Prime Broker, is limited. 

21 

The Shareholders recourse against the Sponsor,
the Trustee, and the Trust s other service providers for the services they provide to the Trust, including, without limitation,
those relating to the holding of bitcoin or the provision of instructions relating to the movement of bitcoin, is limited. For the avoidance
of doubt, neither the Sponsor, the Trustee, nor any of their affiliates, nor any other party has guaranteed the assets or liabilities,
or otherwise assumed the liabilities, of the Trust, or the obligations or liabilities of any service provider to the Trust, including,
without limitation, the Custodians and Prime Broker. The Prime Broker Agreement and Coinbase Custodial Services Agreement provide that
neither the Sponsor, the Trustee, nor their affiliates shall have any obligation of any kind or nature whatsoever, by guaranty, enforcement
or otherwise, with respect to the performance of any the Trust s obligations, agreements, representations or warranties under the
Prime Broker Agreement or Custodial Services Agreement or any transaction thereunder. Consequently, a loss may be suffered with respect
to the Trust s bitcoin that is not covered by the Coinbase Custodian s insurance and for which no person is liable in damages.
As a result, the recourse of the Trust or the Shareholders, under applicable law, is limited. 

Lack of recourse. 

The Custodians have limited liability, impairing
the ability of the Trust to recover losses relating to its bitcoin and any recovery may be limited, even in the event of fraud. In addition,
the Custodians may not be liable for any delay in performance of any of their custodial obligations by reason of any cause beyond its
reasonable control, including force majeure events, war or terrorism, and may not be liable for any system failure or third-party penetration
of its systems. As a result, the recourse of the Trust to the Custodians may be limited. 

Under the Coinbase Custody Agreement, the Coinbase
Custodian s liability is limited to the greater of (i) the market value of the Trust s bitcoin held by the Coinbase Custodian
at the time the events giving rise to the liability occurred and (ii) the fair market value of the Trust s bitcoin held by the Coinbase
Custodian at the time that the Coinbase Custodian notifies the Sponsor or Trustee in writing, or the Sponsor or the Trustee otherwise
has actual knowledge of the events giving rise to the liability. 

Under the Trust Agreement, the Trustee and the
Sponsor will not be liable for any liability or expense incurred absent gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee
or the Sponsor or breach by the Sponsor of the Trust Agreement, as they case may be. As a result, the recourse of the Trust or the Shareholder
to Trustee or the Sponsor may be limited. 

The Index Provider has limited liability relating
to the use of the Index, impairing the ability of the Trust to recover losses relating to its use of the Index. The Index Provider does
not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or performance of the Index or the data included therein and shall have no liability in connection
with the Index or index calculation, errors, omissions or interruptions of the Index or any data included therein. The Index could be
calculated now or in the future in a way that adversely affects an investment in the Trust. 

Under the BitGo Custody Agreement, BitGo and its
affiliates, including their officers, directors, agents, and employees, are not liable for any lost profits, special, incidental, indirect,
intangible, or consequential damages resulting from authorized or unauthorized use of the Trust or Sponsor s site or services. This
includes damages arising from any contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or other legal grounds, even if BitGo was previously advised
of, knew, or should have known about the possibility of such damages. However, this exclusion of liability does not extend to cases of
BitGo s fraud, willful misconduct, or gross negligence. In situations of gross negligence, BitGo s liability is specifically
limited to the value of the digital assets or fiat currency that were affected by the negligence. Additionally, the total liability of
BitGo for direct damages is capped at the fees paid or payable to them under the relevant agreement during the twelve-month period immediately
preceding the first incident that caused the liability. 

In addition, BitGo shall not be liable for delays,
suspension of operations, whether temporary or permanent, failure in performance, or interruption of service which results directly or
indirectly from any cause or condition beyond the reasonable control of BitGo, including, but not limited to, any delay or failure due
to an act of God, natural disasters, act of civil or military authorities, act of terrorists, including, but not limited to, cyber-related
terrorist acts, hacking, government restrictions, exchange or market rulings, civil disturbance, war, strike or other labor dispute, fire,
interruption in telecommunications or Internet services or network provider services, failure of equipment and/or software, other catastrophe
or any other occurrence which is beyond the reasonable control of BitGo. 

22 

Under the Anchorage Custody Agreement, except
for Anchorage s bad acts, confidentiality obligations under the Anchorage Custody Agreement, indemnification obligations under Anchorage
Custody Agreement, or obligations with respect to rights to or limits on use under the Anchorage Custody Agreement, Anchorage is not liable
for any losses, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, for any amount in excess of fees paid by the Trust in the twelve (12) months prior
to when the liability arises. Moreover, Anchorage is not liable for (i) losses which arise from its compliance with applicable laws, including
sanctions laws administered by OFAC; or (ii) special, indirect or consequential damages, or lost profits or loss of business arising in
connection with Anchorage Custody Agreement. In addition, Anchorage is not be liable for any losses which arise as a result of the non-return
of digital assets that the Trust has delegated to Anchorage or a third party for on-chain services, such as staking, voting, vesting,
and signaling, unless such losses occur as a result of Anchorage s fraud or intentional misconduct. 

In addition, Anchorage shall not be liable for
the failure to perform or delay in the performance of its obligations under the Anchorage Custody Agreement to the extent such failure
or delay is caused by or results from a circumstance beyond its reasonable control and that could not have been prevented or avoided by
the exercise of due diligence, as long as the fact of the occurrence of such event is duly proven or is reasonably provable, including,
but not limited to natural catastrophes, fire, explosions, pandemic or local epidemic, war or other action by a state actor, public power
outages, civil unrests and conflicts, labor strikes or extreme shortages, acts of terrorism or espionage, Domain Name System server issues
outside Anchorage s direct control, technology attacks (e.g., DoS, DDoS, MitM), cyberattack or malfunction on the blockchain network
or protocol, or governmental action rendering performance illegal or impossible. Anchorage Custody Agreement shall not be held liable
by the Trust for such non-performance or delay. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

a) None. 

b) Not applicable. 

c) The Trust does not purchase Shares directly from its Shareholders. In connection with its redemption of
Creation Units held by Authorized Participants, the Trust redeemed 2,590 Creation Units (comprising 12,950,000 Shares) during the quarter
ended September 30, 2024. The following table summarizes the redemptions by Authorized Participants during the period: 

Period 
 Total Shares Redeemed 
 Average Price Per Share 
 Maximum 
 number of 
 shares that 
 may yet be 
 purchased 
 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 
 1,920,000 
 64.82 
 N/A 
 
 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 
 6,620,000 
 59.53 
 N/A 
 
 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 
 4,560,000 
 59.21 
 N/A 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

No officers or directors of
the Sponsor have , or trading plans under either a Rule 10b5-1 or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such
terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024. 

23 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Listed below are the exhibits,
which are filed as part of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation
S-K): 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 10.1 
 
 BitGo Custodial Services Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Registrant on September 12, 2024). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Anchorage Custodial Services Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Registrant on September 12, 2024). 
 
 31.1(1) 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2(1) 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1(1) 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2(1) 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

(1) Filed herewith. 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

ARK 21Shares Bitcoin ETF (Registrant) 

By: 21Shares US LLC, its Sponsor 

By: 
 /s/ Hany Rashwan 

Hany Rashwan 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 12, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Ophelia Snyder 

Ophelia Snyder 

Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer 

Date: November 12, 2024 

25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021949401ex31-1_ark21.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification by Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Hany Rashwan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ARK 21Shares
Bitcoin ETF; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the condensed financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of condensed financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By 
 /s/ Hany Rashwan 

Name: 
 Hany Rashwan 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

21Shares US LLC, 

Sponsor of ARK 21Shares Bitcoin ETF 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021949401ex31-2_ark21.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification by Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Ophelia Snyder, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ARK 21Shares
Bitcoin ETF; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the condensed financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of condensed financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By 
 /s/ Ophelia Snyder 

Name: 
 Ophelia Snyder 

Title: 
 Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer 

21Shares US LLC, 

Sponsor of ARK 21Shares Bitcoin ETF 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021949401ex32-1_ark21.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification by Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of ARK 21Shares Bitcoin ETF (the Registrant ),
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Hany Rashwan, the Chief Executive Officer of 21Shares US LLC,
Sponsor of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By 
 /s/ Hany Rashwan 

Name: 
 Hany Rashwan 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

21Shares US LLC, 

Sponsor of ARK 21Shares Bitcoin ETF 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021949401ex32-2_ark21.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification by Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of ARK 21Shares Bitcoin ETF (the Registrant ),
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Ophelia Snyder, the President of 21Shares US LLC, Sponsor
of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By 
 /s/ Ophelia Snyder 

Name: 
 Ophelia Snyder 

Title: 
 Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer 

21Shares US LLC, 

Sponsor of ARK 21Shares Bitcoin ETF 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 arkb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 arkb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 arkb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 arkb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 arkb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

