<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241210_10-Q_edgar_data_1817358_0001817358-24-000197.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5356413</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102902</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1048006</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1794243</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1234214</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1087767</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001817358-24-000197.hdr.sgml : 20241210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241210160636
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001817358-24-000197
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241102
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Academy Sports & Outdoors, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001817358
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS SHOPPING GOODS STORES [5940]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				851800912
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0201

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39589
		FILM NUMBER:		241538507

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1800 NORTH MASON ROAD
		CITY:			KATY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77449
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 646-5200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1800 NORTH MASON ROAD
		CITY:			KATY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77449

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001817358-24-000197.txt : 20241210

10-Q
 1
 aso-20241102.htm
 10-Q

aso-20241102 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ . 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, including Area Code) Not applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of December 3, 2024, Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. ha d shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

1 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 37 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 37 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 38 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 38 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 38 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 39 
 SIGNATURES 
 40 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 November 2, 2024 February 3, 2024 October 28, 2023 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable - less allowance for doubtful accounts of , and , respectively 
 Merchandise inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS TRADE NAME GOODWILL OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current lease liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities LONG-TERM DEBT, NET LONG-TERM LEASE LIABILITIES DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES, NET OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 10) 
 par value, authorized shares; issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, authorized shares; ; and issued and outstanding as of November 2, 2024, February 3, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 See Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 NET SALES COST OF GOODS SOLD GROSS MARGIN SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES OPERATING INCOME INTEREST EXPENSE, NET WRITE OFF OF DEFERRED LOAN COSTS OTHER (INCOME), NET ) ) ) ) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES INCOME TAX EXPENSE NET INCOME EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE: BASIC DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC DILUTED 

See Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Shares Amount Balances as of February 3, 2024 Net income Equity compensation Repurchase of common stock for retirement ) ) ) ) ) Settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units, net of shares withheld ) ) Stock option exercises, net of shares withheld Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Balances as of May 4, 2024 Net income Equity compensation Repurchase of common stock for retirement ) ) ) ) ) Settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units, net of shares withheld ) ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock option exercises, net of shares withheld Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Balances as of August 3, 2024 Net income Equity compensation Repurchase of common stock for retirement ) ) ) ) ) Settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units, net of shares withheld ) ) Stock option exercises, net of shares withheld Cash dividends declared, 0.11 per share 
 ) ) Balances as of November 2, 2024 

5 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Shares Amount Balances as of January 28, 2023 Net income Equity compensation Repurchase of common stock for retirement ) ) ) ) ) Settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units, net of shares withheld ) ) Stock option exercises, net of shares withheld Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Balances as of April 29, 2023 Net income Equity compensation Repurchase of common stock for retirement ) ) ) ) ) Settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units, net of shares withheld ) ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock option exercises, net of shares withheld Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Balances as of July 29, 2023 Net income Equity compensation Repurchase of common stock for retirement ) ) ) ) ) Settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units, net of shares withheld ) ) Stock option exercises, net of shares withheld Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Balances as of October 28, 2023 
 
 See Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash lease expense Equity compensation Amortization of deferred loan and other costs Deferred income taxes ) Write off of deferred loan costs Gain on disposal of property and equipment ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Merchandise inventories, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other noncurrent assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Income taxes payable ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures ) ) Purchases of intangible assets ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from Revolving Credit Facilities Repayment of Revolving Credit Facilities ) Repayment of Term Loan ) ) Debt issuance fees ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase program Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Repurchase of common stock for retirement ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 
 7 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES: Non-cash capital expenditures Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating leases See Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 
 "Academy Sports + Outdoors" retail locations in states and distribution centers located in Katy, Texas, Twiggs County, Georgia and Cookeville, Tennessee. We also sell merchandise to customers across most of the United States via our academy.com website. 

2. 
 
 9 

Reclassifications 
 Within the merchandise division sales table presented in Note 3, certain products and categories were recategorized amongst various categories and divisions, respectively, to better align with our current merchandising strategy and view of the business. As a result, we have reclassified sales between divisions in the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 28, 2023 for comparability purposes. This reclassification is in divisional presentation only and did not impact the overall net sales balances previously disclosed. 
 Share Repurchases 
 On November 29, 2023, the Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program (the "2023 Share Repurchase Program") under which the Company was authorized to purchase up to million of its outstanding shares during the period ending November 29, 2026. 
 Under the 2023 Share Repurchase Program, repurchases could be made using a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, block trades, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated share repurchase programs and/or Rule 10b5-1 or other non-discretionary trading plans, all in compliance with the rules of the SEC and other applicable legal requirements. The timing, manner, price and amount of any common share repurchases under the 2023 Share Repurchase Program are determined by the Company in its discretion and depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The 2023 Share Repurchase Program did not obligate the Company to acquire any particular number of common shares, and the program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. 
 Aggregate amount paid (amounts in millions) (1) 
 (1) Includes estimated excise tax fees of million and million for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 28, 2023, respectively. 
 
 As of November 2, 2024, we had million available under the 2023 Share Repurchase Program. 

10 

million, million and million as of November 2, 2024, February 3, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively. 
 11 

3. 
 Sports and recreation Apparel Footwear Total merchandise sales (2) 
 Other sales (3) 
 Net Sales 
 (1) Certain products and categories were recategorized amongst various categories and divisions, respectively, to better align with our current merchandising strategy and view of the business. As a result, we have reclassified sales between divisions in the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 28, 2023, for comparability purposes. This reclassification is in divisional presentation only and did not impact the overall net sales balances previously disclosed. 
 (2) E-commerce sales consisted of and for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024, respectively, and and for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 28, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Other sales consisted primarily of the gift card breakage income, credit card bounties and royalties, shipping income, net hunting and fishing license income, sales return allowance and other items. 
 We sell gift cards in stores, online and in third-party retail locations. A liability for gift cards, which is recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets is established at the time of sale and revenues are recognized as the gift cards are redeemed in stores or on our website. 
 Issued Redeemed ) ) ) ) Recognized as breakage income ) ) ) ) Gift card liability, ending balance 
 
 12 

4. 
 
 Term Loan, due November 2027 Notes, due November 2027 Total debt Less current maturities ) ) ) Less unamortized discount on Term Loan ) ) ) Less deferred loan costs (1) 
 ) ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 (1) Deferred loan costs are related to the Term Loan and Notes. 
 As of November 2, 2024, February 3, 2024 and October 28, 2023, the balance in deferred loan costs related to the ABL Facility (as defined below) was approximately million, million and million, respectively, and was included in other noncurrent assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Total amortization of deferred loan costs was million and million for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 28, 2023, respectively. Total expenses related to accretion of original issuance discount was and million for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 28, 2023, respectively. The expenses related to amortization of deferred loan costs and accretion of original issuance discount are included in interest expense, net on the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 Term Loan 
 
 We refer to the 2020 Term Loan and the amendments thereto collectively as the "Term Loan". 
 On November 6, 2020, Academy, Ltd. entered into a million senior secured term loan (the "2020 Term Loan"). On May 25, 2021, Academy, Ltd. entered into Amendment No. 4 (the Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, among Academy, Ltd., as Borrower, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as the administrative agent and collateral agent, the several lenders party thereto and the several other parties named therein. Under the Amendment, the Term Loan bore interest, at Academy, Ltd.'s election, at either (1) LIBOR rate with a floor of , plus a margin of , or (2) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) Credit Suisse's "prime rate", or (c) the one-month LIBOR rate plus , plus a margin of . 
 On May 17, 2023, Academy, Ltd. entered into a Conforming Changes Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, among Academy, Ltd., as Borrower, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as the administrative agent and collateral agent and the several lenders party thereto and the several other parties named therein, which updated the Term Loan benchmark base interest rate from LIBOR to Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Conforming Changes Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement). The transition of our Term Loan to Adjusted Term SOFR became effective on August 1, 2023. Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest, at our election, at either (1) Adjusted Term SOFR with a floor of rate plus a margin of or (2) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) the U.S. "prime rate" announced by the administrative agent, or (c) the one-month Adjusted Term SOFR with a floor of rate, plus a margin of . Quarterly principal payments of thousand are required through September 30, 2027 and borrowings mature on November 6, 2027. As of November 2, 2024, the weighted average interest rate was , with interest payable monthly. The terms and conditions of the Term Loan also require that the outstanding balance under the Term Loan is prepaid under certain circumstances. As of November 2, 2024, no prepayment was due under the terms and conditions of the Term Loan. 
 Notes 
 On November 6, 2020, Academy, Ltd. issued million of senior secured notes which are due November 15, 2027 (the "Notes"), pursuant to an indenture, dated as of November 6, 2020 (the "Indenture") with The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent. The Notes require cash interest payments semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year at a rate of per year. 
 13 

million of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes or the Term Loan, or any refinancing thereof, in each case, is outstanding on the date that is days prior to the earliest maturity date of any such indebtedness or (ii) equal to or less than million of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes or the Term Loan, in either case, is outstanding on the date that is days prior to the earliest maturity date of any such indebtedness and a Reserve (as defined in the ABL Amendment) in the ABL Credit Facility has not been taken for such amount, then the maturity date of the ABL Credit Facility will be the date that is days earlier than the earlier maturity date of the Notes and the Term Loan. 
 The ABL Facility is used to provide financing for working capital and other general corporate purposes, as well as to support certain letters of credit requirements, and availability is subject to customary borrowing base and availability provisions. During the normal course of business, we periodically utilize letters of credit primarily for the purchase of import goods and in support of insurance contracts. As of November 2, 2024, we had outstanding letters of credit of approximately million, all of which were issued under the ABL Facility, and we had borrowings outstanding under the ABL Facility, leaving an available borrowing capacity under the ABL Facility of million. 
 Borrowings under the ABL Facility bear interest, at our election, at either (1) Adjusted Term SOFR plus a margin of to , or (2) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.'s "prime rate", or (c) the one-month Adjusted Term SOFR rate plus , plus a margin of to . The ABL Facility also provides a fee applicable to the unused commitments of . The terms and conditions of the ABL Facility also require that we prepay outstanding loans under the ABL Facility under certain circumstances. As of November 2, 2024, no future prepayments of outstanding loans have been triggered under the terms and conditions of the ABL Facility. In connection with the ABL Amendment and the reduction of lenders who dropped out of the ABL Facility, the Company wrote off million of deferred loan costs related to the ABL Facility. 
 Covenants . The ABL Facility, Term Loan and Notes agreements contain covenants, including, among other things, covenants that may restrict Academy, Ltd.'s ability to incur certain additional indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, engage in mergers or consolidations, pay dividends, make other restricted payments, make loans or advances, engage in transactions with affiliates or amend material documents. Additionally, at certain times, the ABL Facility is subject to a minimum adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio. These covenants are subject to certain qualifications and limitations. We were in compliance with these covenants as of November 2, 2024. 

14 

5. 
 million, million and million in money market funds, respectively. 
 The fair value of the Term Loan and Notes is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on quoted market prices for the instrument in an inactive market and is therefore classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. As of November 2, 2024, February 3, 2024, and October 28, 2023, the estimated fair value of the Term Loan and Notes was billion, billion and billion, respectively. As borrowings on the ABL Facility are generally repaid in less than 12 months, we believe that fair value approximates the carrying value. 

6. 
 Equipment and software Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Building and Land Total property and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was million and million in the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024, respectively, and million and million in the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 28, 2023, respectively. 
 
 15 

7. 
 
 Accrued personnel costs Accrued professional fees Accrued sales and use tax Accrued self-insurance Deferred revenue - gift cards and other Income taxes payable Property taxes Sales return allowance Other Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

8. 
 shares of common stock for issuance. On June 1, 2023, our stockholders approved the First Amendment to the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which, among other changes, incre ased the number of shares available for issuance thereunder by shares. As of November 2, 2024, there were sha res that were authorized and available for future issuance under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 On September 29, 2020, the ASO, Inc. Board of Directors adopted the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"), which became effective on October 1, 2020. We have reserved a total of shares under the ESPP and as of November 2, 2024, there were shares authorized and available for future issuance under the ESPP. 
 Equity compensation expense was million and million for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024, respectively. Equity compensation expense was million and million for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 28, 2023, respectively. These costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. For all Awards granted in 2023 and 2024, for team members that meet the age and service requirement for retirement eligibility (as defined in the award agreement), such Awards do not require the continued employment of the team member for vesting eligibility. In such cases, expensing of Awards is accelerated through the retirement eligibility date. 
 
 Weighted average grant date fair value per Award Weighted average exercise price per Award N/A N/A 
 
 16 

Weighted average life remaining in years 

9. 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Dilutive effect of Service Restricted Units and Service Restricted Stock Units Dilutive effect of Performance Restricted Stock Units and Liquidity Event Restricted Units Dilutive effect of Service Options Dilutive effect of Performance Unit Options Dilutive effect of ESPP Shares Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Earnings per common share - basic Earnings per common share - diluted Anti-dilutive stock-based awards excluded from diluted calculation 

10. 
 
 million. Of such commitments, approximately million is p ayable in the next 12 months. 
 
 17 

term and contractual payment amounts required to be paid by the Company. As of November 2, 2024, we have million in related commitments through 2027, of which million is payable in the next 12 months. 
 
 18 

11 . 
 per share of the Company's common stock, payable on January 15, 2025, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 18, 2024. 
 Share Repurchase Authorization 
 On December 4, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program under which the Company is authorized to purchase up to million of its outstanding shares during the period ending December 4, 2027 (the "2024 Share Repurchase Program"), and which replaces the 2023 Share Repurchase Program. Under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program repurchases can be made using a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, block trades, accelerated share repurchase programs, privately negotiated transactions and/or Rule 10b5-1 or other non-discretionary trading plans, all in compliance with the rules of the SEC and other applicable legal requirements. The timing, manner, price and amount of any common share repurchases under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program will be determined by the Company in its discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The 2024 Share Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular number of common shares, and the program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. 

19 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this "Quarterly Report") includes "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), which are subject to the "safe harbor" created by those sections. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts, including statements reflecting our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are included throughout this Quarterly Report, including this "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and in the section entitled "Risk Factors," and relate to matters such as macroeconomic conditions, our industry, business strategy, goals and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, capital expenditures, liquidity and capital resources and other financial and operating information. We have used the words "anticipate," "assume," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "future," "will," "seek," "foreseeable," the negative version of these words or similar terms and phrases to identify forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report are based on management s current expectations and are not guarantees of future performance. The forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, assumptions or changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict or quantify. Our expectations, beliefs, and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that management s expectations, beliefs and projections will result or be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations due to changes in global, regional or local economic, business, competitive, market, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We believe that these factors include but are not limited to those described under "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2024 (the "Annual Report"), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on March 21, 2024, as such risk factors have been updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC, and are accessible on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. 
 Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Quarterly Report speaks only as of the date of this Quarterly Report and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements included in this Quarterly Report. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, investments or other strategic transactions we may make. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by any applicable securities laws. 
 The following is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky (all of which are more fully described in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in the Annual Report, as the same may be updated by subsequent Forms 10-Q): 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 overall decline in the health of the economy and consumer discretionary spending; 
 our ability to predict or effectively react to changes in consumer tastes and preferences, to acquire and sell brand name merchandise at competitive price s and/or to manage our inventory balances; 
 risks associated with our reliance on internationally manufactured merchandise, including in China, which exposes us to various international risks, including potential tariffs, that could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations; 
 our ability to safegua rd sensitive or confidential data relating to us and our customers, team members and vendors; 
 intense competition in the sporting goods and outdoor recreation retail industries; 
 our ability to operate, update or implement our information systems; 
 risks associated with disruptions in our supply chain and losses of merchandise purchasing incentives; 
 harm to our reputation; 
 any failure of our third-party vendors of outsourced business services and solutions; 
 20 

our ability to successfully continue our store growth plans or manage our growth effectively, or any failure of our new stores to generate sales and/or achieve profitability; 
 risks associated with our e-commerce business; 
 risks related to our private label brand merchandise; 
 any disruption in the operation of our distribution centers; 
 quarterly and seasonal fluctuations in our operating results; 
 the occurrence of severe weather events, catastrophic health events, natural or man-made disasters, social and political conditions or civil unrest; 
 any failure to attract, train and retain quality team members in sufficient numbers, increases in wage and labor costs, and changes in laws and other labor issues; 
 our ability to retain key personnel; 
 the geographic concentration of our stores; 
 fluctuations in merchandise (including raw materials) costs and availability; 
 payment-related risks; 
 the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising programs; 
 our ability to protect against inventory shrink; 
 our ability to successfully pursue strategic acquisitions and integrate acquired businesses. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 our ability to comply with laws and regulations affecting our business, including those relating to the sale, manufacture and import of consumer products; 
 risks related to climate change and other sustainability-related matters; 
 claims, demands and lawsuits to which we are, and may in the future, be subject and the risk that our insurance or 
 indemnities coverage may not be sufficient; 
 risks related to product safety; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property and avoid the infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 our level of indebtedness and related debt service payments and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy all of our obligations under our indebtedness; 
 our ability to incur substantially more debt; 
 our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk; 
 restrictions on our current and future operations imposed by the terms of our indebtedness; 
 our ability to borrow under the ABL Facility (as defined below); 
 our level of indebtedness may hinder our ability to negotiate favorable terms with our vendors. 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 our stock price is volatile or may decline; 
 our ability or decision to pay dividends on our common stock or conduct stock repurchases; 
 anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control; 
 our exclusive forum provision; and 
 you may be diluted by any future issuances of shares by us. 
 
 These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this Quarterly Report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. 
 
 21 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our unaudited financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024 and our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2024 and the section entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included in the Annual Report. 
 All references to "Academy," "Academy Sports + Outdoors," "ASO, Inc.," "we," "us," "our" or the "Company" in this Quarterly Report refer to Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc., a Delaware corporation and the current parent holding company of our operations, and its consolidated subsidiaries. We conduct our operations through our subsidiaries, including our indirect subsidiary, Academy, Ltd., an operating company which is doing business as "Academy Sports + Outdoors." All of the Company's sales and business operations occur at Academy, Ltd., and Academy, Ltd., is also the borrower and/or issuer of the Company's long-term debt and lessee of facilities. 
 We operate on a retail fiscal calendar pursuant to which our fiscal year consists of 52 or 53 weeks, ending on the Saturday closest to January 31 (which such Saturday may occur on a date following January 31) each year. References to any year, quarter, or month mean our fiscal year, fiscal quarter, and fiscal month, respectively, unless the context requires otherwise. References to the "current quarter," "2024 third quarter," or similar reference refers to the thirteen week period ended November 2, 2024, and any reference to the "prior year quarter," "2023 third quarter" or similar reference refers to the thirteen week period ended October 28, 2023. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons regarding the current period of 2024 are made to the corresponding period of 2023. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a leading full-line sporting goods and outdoor recreation retailer in the United States. Our mission is to provide Fun for All , and we fulfill this mission with a localized merchandising strategy and value proposition that deeply connect with a broad range of consumers. Our product assortment focuses on key categories of outdoor, sports and recreation, apparel, and footwear (representing 32 , 21 , 26 , and 21 of our 2024 third quarter net sales, respectively) through both leading national brands and a portfolio of private label brands, which go well beyond traditional sporting goods and apparel offerings. 
 We sell a range of sporting and outdoor recreation products, including sporting equipment, apparel, footwear, camping gear, patio furniture, outdoor cooking equipment, and hunting and fishing gear, among many others. Our strong merchandise assortment is anchored by our broad offering of year-round items, such as fitness equipment and apparel, work and casual wear, folding chairs, wagons and tents, training and running shoes, and coolers. We also carry a deep selection of seasonal items, such as sports equipment and apparel, seasonal wear and accessories, hunting and fishing equipment and apparel, patio furniture, trampolines, play sets, bicycles, and severe weather supplies. We provide locally relevant offerings, such as crawfish boilers in Louisiana, licensed apparel for area sports fans, baits and lures for area fishing spots, and beach towels in coastal markets. 
 As of November 2, 2024, we operated 293 stores that range in size from approximately 40,000 to 137,000 gross square feet, with an average size of approximately 70,000 gross square feet, throughout 19 contiguous states located primarily in the southern United States. Our stores are supported by approximately 23,000 team members, three distribution centers, and our e-commerce platform, which includes our website at www.academy.com and our mobile app. Additionally, we are deepening our customer relationships, further integrating our e-commerce platform with our stores and driving operating efficiencies by developing our omnichannel capabilities, such as our mobile app, optimizing the website experience and upgrading our fulfillment capabilities. 
 22 

The following table summarizes store activity for the periods indicated: 
 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Beginning stores 282 268 Q1 new stores 2 1 Q2 new stores 1 1 Q3 new stores 8 5 Closed Ending stores 293 275 Relocated stores 
 
 How We Assess the Performance of Our Business and Recent Trends 
 Our management considers a number of financial and operating metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, determine the allocation of resources, make decisions regarding corporate strategies and evaluate projections. These metrics include operational measures and non-GAAP metrics supplemental to our GAAP results. 
 Comparable Sales. We define comparable sales as the percentage of period-over-period net sales increase or decrease, in the aggregate, for stores open after thirteen full fiscal months, as well as for all e-commerce sales. There may be variations in the way in which some of our competitors and other retailers calculate comparable sales. As a result, data in this Quarterly Report regarding our comparable sales may not be comparable to similar data made available by other retailers. Stores which have been significantly remodeled or relocated are removed from this calculation until the new store has been in operation for substantially all of the periods being compared. Stores which have been closed for an extended period of time due to circumstances beyond our control are also removed from the calculation. Any sales made through our website or mobile app are allocated to e-commerce sales for the purpose of measuring comparable sales, regardless of how those sales are fulfilled, whether shipped to home or picked up in-store or curbside through our buy-online-pickup-in-store program ("BOPIS"). For example, all BOPIS transactions, which are originated by our website, are allocated to e-commerce sales for the purpose of comparable sales, despite the fact that our customers pick-up these purchases from a specific store. 
 Increases or decreases in e-commerce between periods being compared directly impact the comparable sales results. Various factors affect comparable sales, including the relative condition of the U.S. economy, consumer preferences, buying trends and overall economic trends; our ability to identify and respond effectively to customer preferences and local and regional trends; our ability to provide an assortment of high quality/value oriented product offerings that generate new and repeat visits to our stores and our website; the customer experience and unique services we provide in our stores; our ability to execute our omnichannel strategy, including the growth of our e-commerce business; changes in product mix and pricing, including promotional activities; the number of items purchased per visit and average order value; a shift in the timing of a holiday between comparable periods; and the number of stores that have been in operation for more than 13 months. Additionally, the U.S. macroeconomic environment in which we operate remains challenging as the result of numerous factors, including continued high inflation, higher consumer debt and interest rates, reduced access to credit, employment and income uncertainty, and lower consumer sentiment, which are impacting consumer discretionary spending behavior and the promotional landscape in which we operate. The Company's 2024 fiscal year is a 52-week year, whereas the 2023 fiscal year was a 53-week year, which created a o ne week shift. 
 The comparable sales metric for the 2024 third quarter compares the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024 versus the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended November 4, 2023. The prior year rate of decline in comparable store sales slowed in year-to-date 2024 compared to the two prior year periods, with a decrease of 5.9 in 2024 compared to 7.6 and 6.9 in 2023 and 2022, respectively. See the discussion on Net Sales below for factors contributing to these changes. 
 Transactions and average ticket. We define transactions as the number of customer transactions for stores and e-commerce during a given period on a comparable sales basis. Transactions are influenced by customer traffic, the amount of customers that visited our stores or website, and sales conversion, the percent of those customers that made a purchase. We define average ticket as total comparable sales divided by the number of transactions during a given period, which tells us the average amount the customer is spending on a purchase. 
 23 

Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow. Management uses Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow to supplement GAAP measures of performance in the evaluation of the effectiveness of our business strategies, to make budgeting decisions, and to compare our performance against that of other peer companies using similar measures. Management also uses Adjusted EBIT as a performance target to establish and award discretionary annual incentive compensation. See "Non-GAAP Measures" below. 
 Components of Our Results of Operations. Our profitability is primarily influenced by fluctuations in net sales, gross margin and our ability to leverage selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 Net Sales. Net sales are derived from in-store and e-commerce merchandise sales, net of sales tax and an allowance for merchandise returns. 
 Net sales fluctuations can be driven by new store openings, comparable sales increases or decreases including e-commerce sales, our ability to adjust inventory based on sales fluctuations, our management of vendor relations and meeting customer demand, allowances and logistics, seasonality, unseasonal or extreme weather, changes in consumer shopping preferences, consumer discretionary spending, and market and sales promotions. 
 We must maintain sufficient inventory levels of merchandise that our customers desire to successfully operate our business. A shortage of popular merchandise could reduce our net sales. Conversely, we also must seek to avoid accumulating excess inventory to avoid markdowns and clearance which negatively impact sales and gross margin. We have deployed several new tools over recent years to improve inventory handling and vendor management, including third-party programs to analyze our inventory stock and execute a disciplined markdown strategy throughout the year at every location. This implementation, along with other factors, has allowed us to improve our inventory management in stores over the past few years. We have coupled these tools with the data we have been able to collect from our Academy Credit Card program, our customer database and targeted customer surveys, so that we can better estimate future inventory requirements. It is imperative that we continue to find innovative ways to strengthen our inventory management if we are to remain competitive and expand our margins on a go-forward basis. 
 Our broad assortment gives us an advantage over mass general merchants who typically do not carry the leading national brands sold at Academy. We have also continued to add private label brand products to our assortment of products, which we generally price lower than the national brand products of comparable quality that we also offer. A shift in our sales mix in which we sell more units of our private label brand products and fewer units of the national brand products would generally have a positive impact on our gross margin but an adverse impact on our total net sales. Furthermore, our softgoods merchandise divisions, which consist of apparel and footwear, have higher margins than our hardgoods merchandise divisions, which consist of outdoors and sports and recreation. A shift in sales mix toward softgoods would generally have a positive impact on gross margin and a shift in sales mix towards hardgoods would generally have a negative impact on gross margin. 
 The expansion and enhancement of our omnichannel capabilities has resulted in increased sales in recent years. We continue to invest in initiatives that will increase traffic to our stores and e-commerce platform, which includes our website and mobile app, and drive increased sales conversion. These initiatives include investments in our new customer data platform and the development of strategies that focus on customer segmentation with the intention of improving customer identification and increasing customer engagement. Additionally, we recently implemented several innovative website features to enhance the customer online shopping experience, including a redesigned home page, additional BOPIS features, and enhanced shipping notifications. Our improved e-commerce platform supports our stores with digital marketing and our BOPIS and ship-to-store programs. These platforms allow us to connect further with our customers for marketing and product education and assists us in introducing customers to the Academy brand by reaching customers outside of our current store footprint. During the 2024 year-to-date third quarter, stores facilitated approximately 95 of our total sales, including ship-from-store, BOPIS and in-store retail sales. We expect to continue to invest in expanding and enhancing our omnichannel capabilities, including our mobile app, optimizing the web site experience and upgrading our fulfillment capabilities, which will continue to require further investments by us. 
 We expect that new stores will be a key driver of growth in our net sales and gross margin in the future as we execute our new store opening growth plans. Our results of operations have been and will continue to be materially affected by the timing and number of new store openings. We are continually assessing the number of locations available that could accommodate our preferred size of stores in markets we would consider, and during 2024 we opened 11 new stores. We believe our real estate strategy has positioned us well for further expansion. 
 24 

Gross Margin. Gross margin is our net sales less cost of goods sold. Our cost of goods sold includes the direct cost of merchandise and costs related to procurement, warehousing and distribution, which consist primarily of payroll and benefits, distribution center occupancy costs and freight and are generally variable in nature relative to our sales volume. 
 Our gross margin depends on a number of factors, such as net sales increases or decreases, our promotional activities, product mix including private label merchandise sales, and our ability to control cost of goods sold, such as inventory and logistics cost management. Our gross margin is also impacted by variables includi ng duties, c ommodity costs, freight costs, shrinkage (discussed below), inventory processing costs and e-commerce shipping costs. We track and measure gross margin as a percentage of net sales in order to evaluate our performance against profitability targets. 
 We refer to loss or theft of inventory as "shrinkage" or "shrink". Over recent years, the United States retail industry, including Academy, has experienced a significant increase in inventory shrink, which has resulted in a negative impact to our gross margins. A prolonged period of significant increased shrink could have a material negative impact on our gross margin and results of operations. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses include store and corporate administrative payroll and payroll benefits, equity-based compensation, store and corporate headquarters occupancy costs, advertising, credit card processing, information technology, pre-opening costs and other store and administrative expenses. These expenses are both variable and fixed in nature. SG A expenses as a percentage of sales increased from 23.8 in the 2023 year-to-date third quarter to 25.5 in the 2024 year-to-date third quarter, which was primarily attributable to our store growth strategy as well as deleverage from decreased sales, partially offset by favorable reductions in equity compensation . We track and measure operating expenses as a percentage of net sales in order to evaluate our performance against profitability targets. Management of SG A expenses depends on our ability to balance a control of operating costs, such as store and corporate headcount, information technology infrastructure and marketing and advertising expenses, while efficiently and effectively servicing our customers. 
 Pre-opening expenses represent non-capital expenditures associated with the opening of new stores and distribution centers prior to sales generation or start of operations, which consist primarily of occupancy costs, marketing, payroll and recruiting costs, and are expensed as incurred. As we execute our new store opening growth plans, we expect our pre-opening expenses to increase and result in a negative impact to SG A as a percentage of sales. The following table summarizes our pre-opening expense activity for the periods presented: 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Number of new stores opened 8 5 11 7 Total pre-opening expenses incurred (in millions) 5.6 4.0 10.2 7.9 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense includes regular interest payable related to our Term Loan, Notes and ABL Facility (see Note 4 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report) and the amortization of our deferred loan costs and original issuance discounts associated with the acquisition of the debt. During the fourth quarter of 2023, we utilized cash on hand to voluntarily prepay 100 million of outstanding borrowings on our Term Loan. This pay down resulted in decreased interest expense in year-to-date 2024 as compared to the prior year period, and we anticipate it will result in decreased interest expense compared to 2023 throughout the remainder of 2024. 
 Income Tax Expense. ASO, Inc. is treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal, state, and local income tax purposes and accordingly, a provision for income taxes has been recorded for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported results of operations for federal, state and local income taxes. Recent fluctuations in income tax expense have been primarily a result of changes in income before income taxes. 
 25 

Results of Operations 

Thirteen Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 Compared to Thirteen Weeks Ended October 28, 2023 
 The following table sets forth amounts and information derived from our unaudited statements of income for the periods indicated as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended Change November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Dollars Percent Net sales 1,343,330 100.0 1,397,777 100.0 (54,447) (3.9) Cost of goods sold 886,617 66.0 915,136 65.5 (28,519) (3.1) Gross margin 456,713 34.0 482,641 34.5 (25,928) (5.4) Selling, general and administrative expenses 365,239 27.2 345,910 24.7 19,329 5.6 Operating income 91,474 6.8 136,731 9.8 (45,257) (33.1) Interest expense, net 9,149 0.7 10,930 0.8 (1,781) (16.3) Other (income), net (6,406) (0.5) (4,146) (0.3) (2,260) 54.5 Income before income taxes 88,731 6.6 129,947 9.3 (41,216) (31.7) Income tax expense 22,968 1.7 29,969 2.1 (7,001) (23.4) Net income 65,763 4.9 99,978 7.2 (34,215) (34.2) 
 Percentages in table may not sum properly due to rounding. 
 Net Sales . Net sales decreased 54.4 million, or 3.9 , in the 2024 third quarter from the prior year third quarter. This is primarily a result of decreased comparable sales, which was partially offset by 34.6 million of net sales, including e-commerce, generated by 18 new stores opened since the end of the 2023 third quarter. Since re-launching our new store program in 2022, we have opened 34 new stores, 16 of which have been open for at least twelve months. Over the last twelve months, those 16 stores have averaged approximately 13 million in net sales per store, including e-commerce. Performance of new stores in year one is highly dependent on which season the new store opens and the brand awareness in the region the new store opens. 
 Comparable sales decreased 4.9 driven by lower comparable sales across all merchandise divisions, except outdoor, as a result of a 7.1 decrease in comparable transactions, partially offset by an increase in average ticket of 2.4 . The decrease of 3.9 in net sales was driven by decreased sales of 8.8 in the sports and recr eation merchandise division, 8.6 in the apparel merchandise division and 7.5 in the footwear merchandise division, partially offset by increased sales of 7.0 in the outdoor merchandise division. Additionally, we experienced a challenging month in October 2024 with unseasonably warm temperatures across our footprint along with lapping the Rangers World Series run in the prior year, which collectively resulted in a decrease of 2.7 in net sales and 2.6 in comparable sales for the 2024 third quarter . 
 E-commerce net sales represented 8.8 of merchandise sales for the 2024 third quarter compared to 9.4 for the prior year third quarter. 
 
 Gross Margin. Gross margin decreased 25.9 million, or 5.4 , to 456.7 million in the 2024 third quarter from 482.6 million in the 2023 third quarter. As a percentage of net sales, gross margin decreased 50 basis points from 34.5 in the 2023 third quarter to 34.0 in the 2024 third quarter. The decrease of 50 basis points in gross margin was primarily attributable to: 
 30 basis points of unfavorability in merchandise margin as a result of 40 basis points of margin deleverage due to increased penetration of our outdoor merchandise division from a 7.0 increase in outdoor net sales ; and 
 20 basis points of unfavorability due to increased supply chain costs associated with our transition to a new warehouse management system at our Georgia distribution center and increased freight costs. 
 26 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. SG A expenses increased 19.3 million, or 5.6 , to 365.2 million in the 2024 third quarter as compared to 345.9 million in the 2023 third quarter, primarily driven by our increased strategic investments of 17.5 million in new stores and technology as well as deleverage from decreased sales. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased 1.8 million, or 16.3 , in the 2024 third quarter when compared with the 2023 third quarter, resulting from a lower outstanding balance on our long-term debt driven by a voluntary prepayment of 100.0 million made on February 1, 2024. 
 Other (Income), net. Other (income), net, increased 2.3 million in the 2024 third quarter when compared with the 2023 third quarter, primarily driven by increased money market investments in the current year. 
 Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense decreased 7.0 million to 23.0 million for the 2024 third quarter as compared to 30.0 million in the 2023 third quarter, resulting primarily from a decrease in pre-tax income. The Company's effective income tax rate was 25.9 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 23.1 for the third quarter of 2023. The increase in effective tax rate was primarily the result of a reduction in excess tax benefits for share-based compensation in 2024 compared to 2023. 

Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 Compared to Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended October 28, 2023 
 The following table sets forth amounts and information derived from our unaudited statements of income for the periods indicated as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): 
 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended Change November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Dollars Percent Net sales 4,256,530 100.0 4,364,463 100.0 (107,933) (2.5) Cost of goods sold 2,785,299 65.4 2,851,261 65.3 (65,962) (2.3) Gross margin 1,471,231 34.6 1,513,202 34.7 (41,971) (2.8) Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,087,287 25.5 1,039,312 23.8 47,975 4.6 Operating income 383,944 9.0 473,890 10.9 (89,946) (19.0) Interest expense, net 27,706 0.7 33,473 0.8 (5,767) (17.2) Write off of deferred loan costs 449 449 NM Other (income), net (17,140) (0.4) (11,482) (0.3) (5,658) 49.3 Income before income taxes 372,929 8.8 451,899 10.4 (78,970) (17.5) Income tax expense 88,113 2.1 100,876 2.3 (12,763) (12.7) Net income 284,816 6.7 351,023 8.0 (66,207) (18.9) 
 Percentages in table may not sum properly due to rounding. 
 Net Sales . Net sales decreased 107.9 million, or 2.5 , year-to-date 2024 compared to year-to-date 2023. This is primarily a result of decreased comparable sales, which was partially offset by 89.0 million of net sales, including e-commerce, generated by 18 new stores opened since the end of the 2023 third quarter. Since re-launching our new store program in 2022, we have opened 34 new stores, 16 of which have been open for at least twelve months. Over the last twelve months, those 16 stores have averaged approximately 13 million in net sales per store, including e-commerce. Performance of new stores in year one is highly dependent on which season the new store opens and the brand awareness in the region the new store opens. 
 Comparable sales decreased 5.9 driven by lower comparable sales across all merchandise divisions as a result of a 6.4 decrease in comparable transactions, partially offset by an increase in average ticket of 0.5 . The decrease of 2.5 in net sales was driven by decreased sales of 6.7 in the sports and recreation merchandise division, 4.4 in the apparel division and 2.5 in the footwear division, partially offset by an increase of 3.4 in the outdoors merchandise division. Additionally, we experienced a challenging month in October 2024 with unseasonably warm temperatures across our footprint along with lapping the Rangers World Series run in the prior year, which collectively resulted in a decrease of approximately 1 in both net and comparable sales for the year-to-date 2024 . 
 E-commerce net sales represented 9.2 of merchandise sales for year-to-date 2024 compared to 9.0 for year-to-date 2023. 
 27 

Gross Margin. Gross margin decreased 42.0 million, or 2.8 , to 1,471.2 million for the year-to-date 2024 from 1,513.2 million for the year-to-date 2023. As a percentage of net sales, gross margin decreased 10 basis points from 34.7 for the year-to-date 2023 to 34.6 for the year-to-date 2024. The decrease of 10 basis points in gross margin was primarily attributable to: 
 40 basis points of unfavorability in merchandise margin as a result of margin deleverage due to increased penetration of our outdoor merchandise division compared to year-to-date 2023; partially offset by 
 30 basis poin ts of favorability due to product cost management, including lower shipping costs compared to year-to-date 2023 due to increased fulfillment through our BOPIS program. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. SG A expenses increased 48.0 million, or 4.6 , to 1,087.3 million for the year-to-date 2024 as compared to 1,039.3 million for the year-to-date 2023, primarily as a result of our increased strategic investments of 51.1 million in new stores and technology as well as deleverage from decreased sales. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased 5.8 million, or 17.2 , for the year-to-date 2024 when compared with the year-to-date 2023, resulting from a lower outstanding balance on our long-term debt driven by a voluntary prepayment of 100.0 million made on February 1, 2024. 
 Other (Income), net. Other (income), net, increased 5.7 million for the year-to-date 2024 when compared with the year-to-date 2023, primarily driven by higher interest rates on increased money market investments in the current year. 
 Write off of Deferred Loan Costs. Write off of Deferred Loan Costs increased by 0.4 million for the year-to-date 2024 when compared with the year-to-date 2023, in connection with the amendment in the 2024 first quarter that led to the write off of deferred loan costs on the ABL Facility for the year-to-date 2024. 
 
 Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense decreased 12.8 million to 88.1 million for the year-to-date 2024 as compared to 100.9 million for the year-to-date 2023, resulting primarily from a decrease in pre-tax income. The Company's effective income tax rate was 23.6 for the year-to-date 2024 compared to 22.3 for the year-to-date 2023. The increase in effective tax rate is primarily the result of a reduction in excess tax benefits for share-based compensation in 2024 compared to 2023. 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow, as shown below, have been presented in this Quarterly Report as supplemental measures of financial performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense, net, income tax expense and depreciation, amortization and impairment and other adjustments included in the table below. We define Adjusted EBIT as Adjusted EBITDA less depreciation and amortization. We describe these adjustments reconciling net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA and to Adjusted EBIT in the applicable table below. We define Adjusted Net Income as net income (loss) plus other adjustments included in the table below, less the tax effect of these adjustments. We define basic Adjusted Earnings per Share as Adjusted Net Income divided by the basic weighted average common shares outstanding during the period and diluted Adjusted Earnings per Share as Adjusted Net Income divided by the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. We describe these adjustments by reconciling net income (loss) to Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per Share in the applicable table below. We describe Adjusted Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less net cash used in investing activities. We describe this adjustment by reconciling net cash provided by (used in) operating activities to Adjusted Free Cash Flow in the applicable table below. 
 We believe Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, and Adjusted Earnings per Share assist investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. Management believes Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, and Adjusted Earnings per Share are useful to investors in highlighting trends in our operating performance, while other measures can differ significantly depending on long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which we operate and capital investments. Management believes Adjusted Free Cash Flow is a useful measure of liquidity and an additional basis for assessing our ability to generate cash. Management uses Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow to supplement GAAP measures of performance in the evaluation of the effectiveness of our business strategies, to make budgeting decisions and to compare our performance against that of other peer companies using similar measures. Management has also historically used Adjusted EBIT as a performance target to establish and award discretionary annual incentive compensation. 
 28 

Management supplements GAAP results with non-GAAP financial measures to provide a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting the business than GAAP results alone. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow are not recognized terms under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) as a measure of financial performance or net cash provided by (used in) operating activities as a measure of liquidity, or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP. Additionally, these measures are not intended to be a measure of free cash flow available for management s discretionary use as they do not consider certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments and debt service requirements. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, and Adjusted Earnings per Share should not be construed to imply that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow should not be construed to imply that our future results will be unaffected by any such adjustments. 
 Our Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, and Adjusted Earnings per Share do not reflect costs or cash outlays for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, and Adjusted Earnings per Share do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT do not reflect the interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt, and Adjusted Free Cash Flow does not reflect the cash requirements necessary to service principal payments on our debt; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT do not reflect period to period changes in taxes, income tax expense or the cash necessary to pay income taxes; 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, and Adjusted Earnings per Share do not reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations; 
 although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Free Cash Flow do not reflect cash requirements for such replacements; and 
 other companies in our industry may calculate these measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to invest in business growth or to reduce indebtedness. Management compensates for these limitations by primarily relying on our GAAP results in addition to using Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Earnings per Share and Adjusted Free Cash Flow supplementally. 
 
 29 

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT 
 The following table provides reconciliations of net income to Adjusted EBITDA and to Adjusted EBIT for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Net income 65,763 99,978 284,816 351,023 Interest expense, net 9,149 10,930 27,706 33,473 Income tax expense 22,968 29,969 88,113 100,876 Depreciation and amortization 29,337 27,373 87,108 79,394 Equity compensation (a) 
 6,296 6,245 20,389 26,128 Write off of deferred loan costs 449 Adjusted EBITDA 133,513 174,495 508,581 590,894 Less: Depreciation and amortization (29,337) (27,373) (87,108) (79,394) Adjusted EBIT 104,176 147,122 421,473 511,500 (a) 
 Represents non-cash charges related to equity-based compensation, which vary from period to period depending on certain factors such as timing and valuation of awards, achievement of performance targets and equity award forfeitures. 

Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per Share 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per Share for the periods presented (amounts in thousands, except per share data): 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Net income 65,763 99,978 284,816 351,023 Equity compensation (a) 6,296 6,245 20,389 26,128 Write off of deferred loan costs 449 Tax effects of these adjustments (b) (1,593) (1,531) (4,926) (5,909) Adjusted Net Income 70,466 104,692 300,728 371,242 Earnings per common share: Basic 0.94 1.34 3.95 4.63 Diluted 0.92 1.31 3.86 4.51 Adjusted Earnings per Share: Basic 1.00 1.41 4.17 4.90 Diluted 0.98 1.38 4.08 4.77 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 
 70,319 74,461 72,047 75,809 Diluted 
 71,774 76,057 73,744 77,893 (a) 
 Represents non-cash charges related to equity-based compensation, which vary from period to period depending on certain factors such as timing and valuation of awards, achievement of performance targets and equity award forfeitures. 
 (b) 
 For the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, this represents the estimated tax effect (by using the projected full year tax rates for the respective years) of the total adjustments made to arrive at Adjusted Net Income. 
 
 30 

Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to Adjusted Free Cash Flow for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 96,891 57,476 387,912 301,042 Net cash used in investing activities (62,707) (42,345) (136,445) (150,191) Adjusted Free Cash Flow 34,184 15,131 251,467 150,851 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 Our principal liquidity requirements are for working capital, capital expenditures and cash used to pay our debt obligations and related interest expense. We also use cash to pay dividends and repurchase common stock. We fund these liquidity requirements through cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operating activities, issuances of debt (such as the Notes) and borrowings under our ABL Facility. On November 2, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents totaled 296.0 million. We believe our cash and cash equivalents, as well as our availability under the ABL Facility, will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements for the next 12 months and the longer term foreseeable future. 
 
 Long-Term Debt 
 As of November 2, 2024, the Company's long-term debt and interest rates consist of (see Note 4 to the accompanying financial statements): 
 Notes - 6.00 fixed rate senior secured notes with 400 million in principal outstanding and full principal maturing November 15, 2027; 
 Term Loan - 8.88 variable rate term-loan with 89.5 million in principal outstanding maturing November 6, 2027 and quarterly principal payments of 750 thousand; and 
 ABL Facility - 1.0 billion commitment on a variable rate secured asset-based revolving credit facility with no principal outstanding maturing March 8, 2029. 
 The following table summarizes our current debt obligations by fiscal year (amounts in thousands): 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 After 2028 Total Term Loan and related interest (1) 
 2,619 9,951 9,508 87,956 110,034 Notes and related interest (2) 
 12,000 24,000 24,000 424,000 484,000 ABL Facility and related interest (3) 
 618 2,500 2,500 2,500 2,500 268 10,886 (1) Interest payments do not include amortization of discount and debt issuance costs and are approximated based on projected interest rates and assume no unscheduled principal payments. 
 (2) Interest payments do not include amortization of debt issuance costs and assumes Notes are paid in full at maturity date. 
 (3) Assumes a minimum revolving credit commitment of 1.0 billion and assumes no balances drawn on our ABL Facility. 
 
 31 

Liquidity information related to the ABL Facility is as follows for the periods shown (dollar amounts in thousands): 
 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Average funds drawn 43 Number of days with outstanding balance 3 Maximum daily amount outstanding 3,900 Minimum available borrowing capacity 977,254 985,447 
 
 Liquidity information related to the ABL Facility (amounts in thousands) as of: 
 
 November 2, 2024 February 3, 2024 October 28, 2023 Outstanding borrowings Issued letters of credit 9,258 11,553 11,553 Available borrowing capacity 990,742 881,445 988,447 
 Leases 
 We predominantly lease store locations, distribution centers, office space and certain equipment under operating leases expiring between fiscal years 2024 and 2044. Operating lease obligations include future minimum lease payments under all of our non-cancelable operating leases at November 2, 2024. The following table summarizes our remaining operating lease obligations by fiscal year (amounts in thousands): 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 After 2028 Total Operating lease payments (1) (2) 
 38,948 240,761 237,067 223,179 204,941 1,126,715 2,071,611 (1) Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by sublease rentals of 2.0 million due in the future under non-cancelable sub-leases. 
 (2) These balances include stores where we have an executed contract but have not taken possession of the location as of November 2, 2024. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 On November 29, 2023, the Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program (the "2023 Share Repurchase Program") under which the Company was authorized to purchase up to 600 million of its outstanding shares during the three-year period ending November 29, 2026. The 2023 Share Repurchase Program did not obligate the Company to acquire any particular number of common shares, and the program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. As of November 2, 2024, the Company had 423.0 million remaining for share repurchases under the 2023 Share Repurchase Program (see Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements). 

32 

The following table summarizes our share repurchases for the year-to-date 2024 third quarter (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Amount Repurchased (1) 
 First Quarter (February 4, 2024 to May 4, 2024) 1,983,967 61.71 122,425 Second Quarter (May 5, 2024 to August 3, 2024) 1,809,856 54.09 97,900 Third Quarter (August 4, 2024 to November 2, 2024) (2) 
 1,044,027 51.19 53,441 Total Share Repurchase Activity 4,837,850 56.59 273,766 (1) Excludes the impact of unpaid excise taxes. 
 (2) See Part II, Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds for further detail on the 2024 third quarter share repurchases. 

On December 4 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a new share repurchase program (the "2024 Share Repurcha se Program", which will replace the 2023 Share Repurchase Program) under which the Company is authorized to purchase up to 700 million of its outstanding shares during the three-year period ending December 4, 2027 (see Note 11 to the accompanying financial statements). 
 
 Dividends 
 The following table summarizes our quarterly dividend payments for the year-to-date 2024 (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 Dividend per Share Total Dividends Paid Stockholder Date of Record First Quarter (February 4, 2024 to May 4, 2024) 0.11 8,182 March 26, 2024 Second Quarter (May 5, 2024 to August 3, 2024) 0.11 7,921 June 20, 2024 Third Quarter (August 4, 2024 to November 2, 2024) (2) 0.11 7,739 September 19, 2024 Total Dividends Paid 23,842 
 On December 4, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend with respect to the fiscal quarter ended November 2, 2024, of 0.11 per share of the Company's common stock, payable on January 15, 2025, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 18, 2024. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 The following table summarizes our capital expenditures for the thirty-nine weeks ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 (amounts in thousands): 
 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 New stores 73,321 75,156 Corporate, e-commerce and information technology programs 43,807 52,357 Updates for existing stores and distribution centers 18,738 24,450 Total capital expenditures 135,866 151,963 

33 

We expect capital expenditures for fiscal year 2024 to be between 185 million and 210 million. The following table summarizes our forecasted allocation of capital expenditures for fiscal year 2024: 
 2024 New stores 55 Corporate, e-commerce and information technology programs 30 Updates for existing stores and distribution centers 15 
 
 We review forecasted capital expenditures throughout the year and will adjust or our capital expenditures based on business conditions at that time. 
 Cash Flows for the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 
 
 Our unaudited statements of cash flows are summarized as follows (in thousands): Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 387,912 301,042 Net cash used in investing activities (136,445) (150,191) Net cash used in financing activities (303,391) (213,169) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (51,924) (62,318) 
 
 Operating Activities. Cash flows from operating activities are seasonal in our business. Typically, cash flows from operations are used to build inventory in advance of peak selling seasons, with the fourth quarter pre-holiday season inventory increase being the most significant. 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities for the year-to-date 2024 increased 86.9 million, compared to the year-to-date 2023. This increase in cash was attributable to: 
 147.9 million net increase in cash flows provided by operating assets and liabilities; and 
 5.2 million net increase in non-cash charges; partially offset by 
 66.2 million decrease in net income. 
 
 The increase in cash flows from operating assets and liabilities was primarily attributable to: 
 86.0 million increase in cash flows from accounts payable, due to timing of payments for increased merchandise inventories relative to the prior year period; 
 73.8 million increase in cash flows from prepaid expenses and other current assets, due to timing of payments relative to the prior year period; and 
 54.0 million increase in cash flows from accrued expenses and other current liabilities, primarily driven by a 25.5 million increase in accrued personnel costs related to bonuses and timing of payments; and 
 52.7 million increase in cash flows from income taxes payables, due to timing of payments relative to the prior year period; partially offset by 
 122.1 million decrease in cash flows from merchandise inventories, net due to lower sales in the current year period. 
 
 Investing Activities . Cash used in investing activities decreased 13.7 million in the year-to-date 2024 compared to the year-to-date 2023. The decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to: 
 16.1 million lower capital expenditures, primarily driven by decreased spending related to Corporate, e-commerce, and information technology programs in the year-to-date 2024 compared to the year-to-date 2023. 
 
 34 

Financing Activities . Cash used in financing activities increased 90.2 million in the year-to-date 2024, compared to the year-to-date 2023. The primary drivers of the increase were: 
 73.7 million increase in cash outflows primarily caused by an increase in repurchases and simultaneous retirement of common stock in the current year; 
 9.6 million decrease in proceeds from the exercise of stock options; 
 5.7 million increase in debt issuance fees paid during the current year as part of the ABL Amendment; and 
 3.3 million increase in dividends paid during the current year. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 This management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our unaudited financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Our management bases its estimates on historical experience and other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 
 Management evaluated the development and selection of our critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of the Company's unaudited financial statements and related notes and believes these policies to be reasonable and appropriate. Certain of these policies involve a higher degree of judgment or complexity and are most significant to reporting our results of operations and financial position, and are, therefore, discussed as critical. Our most significant estimates and assumptions that materially affect the financial statements involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management, including the valuation of merchandise inventories and performing goodwill, intangible and long-lived asset impairment analyses. More information on all of our significant accounting policies can be found in the "Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" section of the Annual Report entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies as compared to the critical accounting policies described in the Annual Report. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 The information set forth in Note 2 to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 There have been no material changes in our primary risk exposures or management of market risks from those disclosed in the Annual Report under "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk." 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and our Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 Our management, with the participation of our CEO and our CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on such evaluation, 
 35 

our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 36 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The information set forth in Note 10 Commitments to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 There have been no material developments during the fiscal quarter ended November 2, 2024 , with respect to any of the matters discussed under the heading "Legal Proceedings" in the Annual Report. We are not currently party to any other legal proceedings that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in the section of the Annual Report entitled "Risk Factors", which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in the Annual Report are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. There have been no material changes to the risk factors discussed in the section of the Annual Report entitled "Risk Factors". 
 
 37 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 The following table summarizes the repurchases and cancellations of shares of our common stock during the 2024 third quarter: 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share (b) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (c) Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (c) August 4, 2024 to August 31, 2024 609,027 49.30 609,027 446,425,298 September 1, 2024 to October 5, 2024 446,425,298 October 6, 2024 to November 2, 2024 435,000 53.83 435,000 423,016,153 Total 1,044,027 51.19 1,044,027 423,016,153 
 (a) The total number of shares repurchased excludes shares which were net-settled, and therefore not issued, to cover employee withholding related to the vesting 
 of certain restricted stock awards and exercise of certain stock option awards. 
 (b) Excludes the impact of excise taxes. 
 (c) On November 29, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a share repurchase program (the "2023 Share Repurchase Program") under which the Company was authorized to purchase up to 600 million of its outstanding shares during the three-year period ending November 29, 2026. The 2023 Share Repurchase Program did not obligate the Company to acquire any particular number of common shares, and the program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. As of November 2, 2024, approximately 423.0 million remained available for share repurchases pursuant to the 2023 Share Repurchase Program (see Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements). 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not Applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 (c) Trading Plans 
 During the quarter ended November 2, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (in each case, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 
 38 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2020). 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Change of Registered Agent and/or Registered Office of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2023). 3.3 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 7, 2022). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document Filed herewith Furnished herewith Management contract or compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 39 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on December 10, 2024 on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. 

ACADEMY SPORTS AND OUTDOORS, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ EARL CARLTON FORD, IV Earl Carlton Ford, IV Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and authorized signatory) 
 
 40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Steven Lawrence, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 2, 2024 (this Report of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s STEVEN LAWRENCE Date December 10, 2024 
 Steven Lawrence 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Earl Carlton Ford, IV, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 2, 2024 (this Report of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s EARL CARLTON FORD, IV Date December 10, 2024 
 Earl Carlton Ford, IV 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc.. (the Company for the quarterly period ended November 2, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steven Lawrence, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 
 s STEVEN LAWRENCE Date December 10, 2024 
 Steven Lawrence 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Academy Sports and Outdoors, Inc. (the Company for the quarterly period ended November 2, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Earl Carlton Ford, IV, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 
 s EARL CARLTON FORD, IV Date December 10, 2024 
 Earl Carlton Ford, IV 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 aso-20241102.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 aso-20241102_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 aso-20241102_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 aso-20241102_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 aso-20241102_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

